
"Wait up guys!" Kyle snorted his request, the syllables turning into lisps through the grates of his braces. "Ah fuck, it's Kyle." Pestilence turned his diseased steed from the ledge, it seemed to be nothing more than an animated carcass; its body crawling with the critters of nightmares, a rather long centipede exiting one tunneled hole and stretching to enter another. Pestilence's own body seeming just as lifeless, and even more burdened by the housing of insects, crawling all around him like the bark of a poisoned tree, he was the perfect hive. They all stared at the approaching fifth horseman, sitting on his rather normal pony. "Hey guys." Another snot, betraying Kyle's stuffed sinus's. "Gee wiz, can you believe it! Finally! It's the apocalypse!" He said while aligning his shifting specs. "Yes. Kyle. We can." Said Famine, entirely unamused. Her voice an older woman's strained voice. Her back hunched atop her emaciated horse, looking as if it would topple at any moment. She held within her bony hands a scale filled with rotten and spoiled fruits, reaching for one with clawed and skinny fingers. She bit the pear through the few teeth she still had, Kyle watched it burst like an infectious cyst in her mouth. "Careful Famine, you don't wanna get food poisoning and miss the big day!" Kyle smiled, completely affable and giddy beside himself at the thought of harboring destruction and death. Famine simply eyed him scornfully, chewing noisily through curled lips, as the insalubrious looking juices of the pear ran purple down her chin. "Fine Kyle. Join us! Join us as we begin the end of everything! Watch as we shall avulse all things into oblivion!" Death proclaimed, his skeletal hands stretched outwards, his face hidden behind the hood of his robe sown from shadows and darkness. Only a dreary mist expelling from the hood's shadow. All below them they watched from their ledge as the world burnt to the ground. Already eyeing the moving fiery calamity which was War. Flaming skin tearing through the cities, the fractious cacophony of human screams filling the air. Kyle stepped to the forefront, his suspenders holding his trousers tightly as he took in a puff of his inhaler. "Aww gee. War looks upset. Doesn't he know that if he keeps this up it will be bad for his skin?" Death responded with a clap of his boned palm against an equally bony forehead, only a pleased retort of snorting coming from Kyle. 