
People tried Communism, and it didn't work. Nobody was incentivized to do the hard tasks, from the dull to the dangerous. But, by 2035, it was clear that capitalism wasn't going to work either. So, the 51st President of the United States, Alec Du Trieux, wielded the power of his Executive Order to create a new economic system - Salary Incentivized Communism, or SIC for short. In SIC, the worst jobs, the ones everyone hated to do, were rewarded the most. Every year, the formula was reworked by top market analysts to make sure that every sector had the right amount of people interested in working there. I have grown up in this system. People complained for years, but eventually, they realized America had finally become exactly what it promised to be: a land where you could be (or earn) anything you wanted, if you were willing to work hard enough. Every child told their parents they wanted to be President. As they grew up, and began to understand the horrible pressures - from their constituents, their own morals, the opposition, lawmakers, and, as the stress rose, their own failing body (it's said that Alec Du Trieux aged 15 years in the week after SIC was introduced), most of them decided it wasn't worth it. *Most* being the key word. I was applying to be President, and was one of only dozens vying for the position. I'm not sure if I was doing it for the money, or because I wanted to prove that I was special, that I would thrive in the job that people described as "soul-sucking". I should've realized, that even with the legends floating around about how hard it was, the power and the money should've lured more than just the few fools that were standing in the application room with me. However, once my name was called and I moved into the conference room, it was too late. I passed by the guards and sat down, facing my two interviewers. When they saw me, they exchanged a glance. "This one carries himself well. He has the Harding Effect about him." I sat down, and smiled, trying to relieve myself of the tension that had suddenly overtaken me. "So when do I get to talk to my voters? Show my ideas, get to know the people I'll be representing, explain my plans for the future," I asked They both turned, looking at me, a strange combination of laughter and incredulity on their faces. The one on the left addressed me directly for the first time. "Are you sure you know what job you signed up for?" "Yeah, of course," I responded, "I went to the politics section and selected the President of the United States job from the table on the website - hardest job there is." "No, you didn't. You got the hardest job part, and the politics part right. You even got the first two letters right. But the rest..." He passed me the paper, and there it was, in big, bold, letters, the name of the career I had pledged my life to. **PR Spokesperson** Stunned, I made to sit up, but the one on the right, much more understanding than his partner, took hold of my elbow. "It's too late to change now. Besides, it's not as bad as it sounds. Sure, everyone will hate you and you will have no control over what you say, but like we always say in the public relations business, you can't spell President without PR." He stamped ACCEPTED in green ink on my application, and ushered me, still shell-shocked, into my new future as a professional scapegoat. ========= -robin. 