
"I am here for your finest quest," I said. The knights took a step back their hands reaching for their swords. "No need for that my fine men. I am here to work with you!" I grinned as best I could, my teeth flashing at the guards. "I have overheard of your so-called quests and am quite interested in the rewards," I said. "Um. Um. Alright," one of them stammered. He held out a piece of parchment detailing the capture of a wanted bandit known to be hiding in a nearby forest. I made quick work of them. I scorched the ground around them and carried them back to the city. I was rewarded with the 50 gold coin reward which I carried back to my hoard. I continued completing quests for the local guild. I made quick work of them, quickly retrieving lost items, to capturing wanted outlaws among other small tasks. I was rewarded well but the quests were too easy, too boring. "Do you have any quests harder than this to offer?" The man on duty quickly responded saying no and handed my next quest over. "That was a little strange I thought to myself." I continued carrying out the quests with ease for the coming months. Until one day they said they had no more. The captain stared straight at me saying no new quests had come in. "Well there is one!" A voice piped up from behind him. "Shut it Mince," the captain said sternly. "No no, please continue," I said. I blew a small puff of smoke from my nostrils. "Go right ahead then mince," the captain said while grating his teeth and staring dead into my eyes. "Well we have received reports about a..." he stopped and his eyes widened. "Actually I think it has been cleared up," "No no please continue," I said, staring straight at him. "Well. A um. A dangerous beast has been known to harass people and steal their valuables." "Well I can take care of that. Pass me the poster." He held it out, his arm shaking. "Oh I see. Interesting." I left. I flew back to my lair. I looked out over the small mountains of gold and precious items I had. The people of this land... hated me. Were afraid of me. I knew I stole hoards before the questing but did people still see me as a threat? I stared at the glimmering gold. All of this, just to be feared. Was that really important? Did it matter? I roared. Stones and pebbles tumbled from the roof, clattering upon my hoards. I knew what I had to do. I slowly made my way through my hoard. Picking up pieces of gold, jewels and other precious items and dropping them to towns and cities below. I made sure to be visible. Maybe it wouldn't be enough, but hopefully the people of this world could forgive me. 