
"Keep your friends close and your enemies closer" When Jon first heard that quote he was shocked. Jon was probably thirteen or so when it was used sarcastically, probably during some board game or another. His older sister had whispered it in his ear when they'd agreed to team up against their neighbor. It was anticlimactic how unrelated it was. Looking back Jon had to laugh at that short lived allegiance. Who'd have thought his sister would end up falling for that neighbor and even dating him for like two weeks or something before moving on. Jon had never heard that phrase or really any too like it. It wasn't until later when watching he Godfather that he really began to understand it's origins, but it was shocking because it closely mirrored a thought he'd had for years. It was silly really. As a small boy, like many small boys, he'd been scared of the dark. At this point he wondered if it was more a rebellion against the boring stillness that came with the darkness. But as a child he'd kept quiet about it, but he'd always kept the darkness close. Sometimes he would hide in the dark linen closest with the pillows and the blankets just because he knew he could escape if he needed to, and there were times he would hold his large eye's closed, knowing that the darkness would always follow him. Even when everyone else had no time for him. Jon would talk to himself, and talk to the darkness. Jon called it Darkie, giving it a name about as creative as the average child's imaginary friend. As the days and years passed Jon lost the baby fat from his face, and he lost some of the softness in his eyes. Like many adults he lost the sense of wonder he used to have as a child, he'd been hurt one too many, two to many... far too many times. It was a dark evening in Richmond. A light rain fell from the sky and the city lights were reflected in the puddles, making the brick sidewalks shine. It would have been his anniversary. *Technically* he thought, *technically it still is.* But unsurprisingly that brought no comfort to him. It was happening again. His dad had left before he was born, every friend, every lover; all abandoned him. And it was happening again. On his anniversary no less. Jon walked on, paying no mind to where he was going. He found himself walking down roads he'd never seen before. He head footsteps following him. When he turned he saw a large man who ran through the light of a street lamp, feet pounding on the pavement. Then the man vanished. And the city was quiet. And Jon was once again "alone" 