
Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them. Others, though, bargain for it. When Nostralis was a mere boy, he was weak, he was petty, but most of all - He was forgettable. The bastard child of farmers. Not a skill to his name nor a talent to his soul, Nostralis yearned for something more. So, he left home. He walked the Western Isles from top to bottom, searching, pleading; praying for something to hear his call. As the years shifted to decades, hope left him. He fell to the ground and cried to the air, like an injured dog, to anything that could hear. "Please, someone, something - Anything. Make the world never forget me." So the voices came. Old Gods that had become infections to this world heard his call and seeped into his mind. They told him stories of cities that human eyes could not see. Of abominations made out of flesh and the darkness itself. They touched his brain like a brand and seared themselves to him, and left him with a gift only Nostralis could love. He could see the deepest dreams of men in their eyes. Not only that, but he could give it to them - Or take it away so it would never be reached. A master of foul magic overnight, Nostralis conquered the Western Isles with ease. Anyone who dare even think the thought of hurting him was killed immediately from the inside-out. As time passed, his control over his powers grew larger, and soon, he could shift his body into foul appendages. The Old Gods moved through him, and their tentacles grasped at the throat of betrayers. He lived happily, and comfortably, as the King of a place where everyone inside wished they were dead - But none dare think the thought. One day, a messenger came to him. He told a story of a woman from The Eastlands who if left unchecked would eventually challenge him. The Old Gods tugged at his mind, fueled his rage and sent him on his way. It took him months to reach her. He followed a path of scorched earth and blood-soaked battlefields. With every passing day, his anger faded. In its place, admiration dug itself. The carnage this woman could sow was like poetry to him. The widespread destruction had a rhythm that only he could see as if it was a dance, and the beat of it all was the drum inside his chest which ached to meet her. The day finally came where her voice had the chance to ring in his ears. He found her laying on a bed of a thousand corpses, burnt black like the heart of Satan himself, humming a song he had never heard before. Her arms looked like burnt wood, her veins rippling across the pitch-black like the creases between bark. He stared, silently, unaware and scared, of what to say first. "Hello Megaera," "Hello, Nostralis." And from that moment onwards, they never left each other's side. Time moved on, as it normally does, until today came, where their firstborn joined this world. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Megaera screams in pain. No child enters this world without blood. Nostralis sits next to her, holding her hand, and lightly patting her head down with a wet towel. The doctor has been working for hours, completely aware that one false move will cost him more than his life. "How much longer will this take?!" She pleads out and squeezes down on Nostralis' hand. "As long as it does, my dear. We must not put a burden on a child we've never met," Nostralis' attempts to pat her head down, but as soon as the cloth makes contact with her skull, it's set ablaze. "Should I take that as a hint to be quiet?" "I pray you didn't have to read my mind to figure that one out," Megaera screams, as she pushes again. "One more push should do it," The doctor says amongst the chaos of screams and burning fabrics. "One more my dear," Nostralis says. He stands and prepares himself to meet his future. The agony within Megaera's body flows through her skin in the form of black tar and dribbles to the ground. "It's," the doctor begins to say as he holds the baby. "It's..." "What gender is my child?" Nostralis says, trying his best to not ruin the surprise by reading his mind. "I think it's a girl. It's got bigger issues, though." The doctor grabs a nearby blanket and wraps the child up. "Nonsense," Nostralis says. "She's perfect in every way." Nostralis holds his hands forward and takes the baby from the doctor. He sits and tucks her into his arm. Quickly, he holds his left arm up with an open palm and quickly closes it. The doctors face becomes pale, and his eyes grow hollow as his brain is ripped into a million pieces. "Never call my daughter 'It' again. You may go." The doctor lets out a long groan and leaves the room. "Do The Old Gods know that she lives in this realm now?" Megaera asks with a pant, her voice as tired as her body. "Yes," Nostralis says, still gleaming with love. "I can hear them already. But do not worry," "How can I not, my love?" Megaera interjects. "The Dark Ones will come for her, too. What hope do we have of defeating them?" "None, my dear, not a single shred of hope," Nostralis says, still smiling wider than he ever has. Delicately, he places their daughter into her mother's arms. She looks down and smiles, now seeing why Nostralis is so calm. Her left arm is a tentacle, flailing and horrid like the nightmares of monsters. Her right, scorched and pitch black, an imitation of a million burned souls. "Let the Gods come," Nostralis says, "For our daughter shall be waiting." -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Check out /r/Rhysyjay for other spicy stuff 