
I am losing my patience with these humans. Sure I'm immortal, otherworldly, and visually frightening, but that doesn't make me evil. First it was just farmboys seeking to make a name for themselves by ending a non-existent threat to their pitiful kingdoms. Then came the wizards trying to banish me back to "the pit from whence I came". I could tolerate those, in fact the resulting battles proved to be mildly entertaining diversions from the monotony of protecting their ungrateful hides from the real evils that lurked beneath the castle. But I refuse to be used as a matchmaking service. "So, how long do you think you will be staying?" "Father says I should wait at least two months before escaping. It's a shame, I shall have to miss mother's birthday ball unless I am rescued soon. He means to use the ball to make my absence more apparent, but mother deserves to be able to enjoy her own celebration without his dramatics." The 15 year old girl sitting across from me is Maribel, the only princess of a neighboring kingdom sent by the king to lure some hero or another to rescue her. Apparently he's getting desperate for a son-in-law so he doesn't have to leave the kingdom in the hands of a woman. I may not be malicious but I still have my pride, I refuse to be manipulated this way. "Well, since we have some time we might as well make use of it. What do you know about ruling a kingdom?" "Nothing, my education consists solely of appearing ladylike for public events. My future husband is meant to manage the kingdom." "Well then you have a lot to learn, so let's get started." "I don't understand." "You aren't getting rescued. I'm an immortal sorcerer who has beaten thousands of would-be-heroes who confuse darkness with evil, no one who comes for you will defeat me. Instead I'm going to teach you how to rule a kingdom so when your father dies you can rule in his stead." The look of confusion on Maribel's face turned into a mischievous grin. She didn't want to be here anymore than I wanted her here, so she loved the idea of turning her father's scheming against him. Over the years and between the half planned rescue attempts, we covered everything from economics to foreign policy to military tactics. In that time she grew from a girl to a woman, and I grew to be more of a father to her than the king ever was. It's funny to think I wanted nothing more than to be rid of her, but now it breaks my heart to see her go. But the king's health is falling, and if she doesn't leave now someone else will have taken her throne before she reaches it. "Are you sure I'm ready? I would hate for my people to suffer because I ended my studies early." "Maribel, the simple fact that you don't want your people to suffer means you are better suited for that throne than anyone else who has ever sat upon it. You will be a wonderful queen. But not if the king dies before you get back, so you need to leave." "What about you? I hate the idea of you being locked alone in this fortress again. Please come with me." "You know as well as I do that can't happen. To the outside world I am the Demon King, they would never let you take the crown if I accompanied you. Besides, if I leave who would guard the pit? We can't have real demons breaking out into the world and ruining your coronation. Now go before it's too late." She gives me one last hug and climbs aboard her horse, which I send through a portal to the edge of what soon will be her kingdom. There's no sense it making her travel the whole way, and it stops both of us from turning back for yet another goodbye. When I'm alone again the silence is deafening, I find myself wishing someone else had been chosen for this job once again. But one look at the burning portal in the basement reminds me why I'm here and Maribel isn't. I'm still bored out of my mind though. Hopefully someone tries to kill me again soon, that could be fun. 