
The woman showed up at his doorstep. The doorbell pinged anxiously. "Who is it?" Jaqie yelled. The chair he sat in sagged. Silence followed. The doorbell squawked again, against its will. The woman began pressing it again and again. The color seemed to disappear around her. Jaqie stood up and his chair groaned. The brown leather seemed to gray with each step he took towards the door. "What do you want?" He asked as he grabbed the knob of the door. "I don't have any appointments schedu..." his voice caught in his throat. She wore a USA Today badge. Her gray pantsuit wore her body well. She nodded courteously. "I'm here for Jaqie Dorenty. Is that you?" Her voice was clear, but the area surrounding her body seemed to dampen everything ever so slightly. "Yes," Jaqie replied after processing her request. Then asked,"What do you want?" "Just a second. I'd prefer to keep my shoes on. I hope that's alright wth you?" She begin to walk forward. Jaqie hesitated, but she was already halfway through his door. He found himself sitting back where he had been. The lady sat across from him. The leather chair was hers now. And it definitely seemed gray. Everything seemed gray to Jaqie, right now. "I want to show you something." The lady took her phone out of her pocket. "We started a report a few weeks ago." She continued to talk, but the noise became less and less distinguishable. Jaqie heard something about 1000 people, and maybe his name. The grayness around him grew louder and he found his gaze drifting. "Hello?" She snapped her fingers in front of his eyes. He barely moved. How is this possible, she thought. The stories thy had all heard about this man. This man. Right in front of her. They couldn't have been lying. They had done everything randomly. It was impossible. "He changed my life," most had said. "I wouldn't be here if it weren't for him," said others. A thousand thoughts flashed before her eyes, and she buried her doubt. She would report her story and be done with it. She had known something was up. At least she'd be able to move on from this ridiculousness that had started everyone in the office to sharing stories about being saved. "I am who I am now, because of Jaqie Dorenty." He sat in front of her. Looking dull. Everything was gray. His lungs filled with all the everything, and he held it for just a second. She tilted her head. Shifting her brows. As he exhaled, all of the color came back. She hadn't noticed. She had never noticed. Everything was so vibrant. A tear rolled down her cheek. They had all been right. 