
There's nothing quite like the jitters you get on your first day at a new job. Today, I am feeling that stronger than ever. I had been hired last week in a brand new position called the King's Completionist. The job came to my attention after being recruited as a commenter on the message boards of my favorite basketball team. Apparently, a member of the King's camp was also active in that community and had been impressed with how artfully I called people jackasses. My job as the Completionist was to finish the King's sentences that he could not finish himself, relaying his true feelings. This prevented him from having to say offensive things, thus keeping it off the official record. I waited in a holding area behind the dais until I got the signal. There was no ovation for me as I walked across the stage and took my seat beside the king. Nobody really knew what I was doing there, or how this would play out. To be honest, neither did I. "Welcome everyone" said the king "Everyone except his majesty's freeloading aunt, Janice! Janice, the King does not forgive you for returning the hiking boots he bought you for Christmas!" I shouted There were a few giggles in the crowd, but people were still unsure how to react. "Everyone, I'd like to introduce you to my new Completionist. His job is to ensure that, as the King, my true feelings are heard throughout the realm, whilst protecting me from the backlash that could ensue, and be so distracting to myself and the realm." "The King also enjoys a good roast. That's part of the reason I was hired!" I shouted again The king looked at me and spoke quietly "Keep that to yourself, guy, Jesus. Stick to the relevant bits." I apologized and the King turned his attention back to the audience. "As you all know, I am currently dealing with the threats that have been made against my life. My investigators seem to believe the threats are viable and there will likely be an attempt sooner rather than later." "None of you have been ruled out!" I yelled at the top of my lungs "The King thinks there are too many cooks in the kitchen so, as of now, half the kitchen staff is being fired!" The King nodded his head and continued with his address "All of you being let go will be sorely missed" he said "Not all of you will actually be missed!" I said to cap off the King's thought "The rest of my staff is safe-" He continued "-from Sharks." I said "You're all safe from shark attacks, as our city is nowhere near the ocean. However, you are not safe from unemployment and we'll be cutting jobs across the board so keep that in mind" I said to an increasingly shocked crowd. "I am also pleased to announce that by next year, our city will go 100% green and be fueled entirely by renewable energy sources." Said the King, with a smile. The crowd looked to me to bring some bad news, but there was nothing to add to that one. It was great for the city and the environment. The King was getting to the end of his speech, when I noticed a bustling towards the back of the gathered patrons. I thought nothing of it and turned back to the King as he continued on with his address. Before his majesty could continue with his next thought, a hooded man burst from the large crowd and ran towards the king. He pulled out a handful of knives and threw them directly at The King. One of the knives reached its target. The King looked down at the knife protruding from his chest and turned his gaze toward the assailant. "What have you done?" He asked "I am... I am..." the King's head slumped down in his chair as his eyes rolled back into his head. "Dead now!" I shouted to the crowd "And I seriously won't miss you Aunt Janice. I put a lot of thought into that Christmas gift, you ungrateful leech!" 