
Vax lay on top of the roof of an apartment complex, surveying the street through the scope of his rifle, checking for human avatars. "First sector, clear," came a voice over the headset. Vax scanned the area twice more, then crouch sprinted over to the other side to repeat the procedure. "Second sector, clear," came a different voice. Vax heard the rooftop door open, and startled slightly. He turned around to find Tas coming across the roof. "Anything inside?" said Vax. "Negative," sighed Tas "it's just check a room briefly, sweep the entire floor, move down one, rinse and repeat." Vax nodded, and turning back towards the street, said "The humans, they are new to our form of combat. I do not think this shall be too difficult." Tas walked to the other side of the roof, replying "At least they shouldn't be as hard to beat as the Bailens. Remember how they got our flag? Tried to distract us with a lot of noise..." Vax chuckled softly, saying "Yes. I seem to remember them making a lot more noise when we obtained their flag and slaughtered their avatars. In fact-" He was suddenly cut off by the sound of gunfire and a revving engine, quickly growing louder. Suddenly, out of what seemed like no where, a stock vehicle sped past. On the other street, two avatars ran from cover to cover. Vac quickly dispatched one, but missed the other and cursed. The voice of their team leader came over the headset, "They appear to have no strategy, nothing we can counter or expect. We must only react." Vax cursed as his screen suddenly grew red and black, showing the words Avatar Destroyed. As he watched the replay, he realised that he had been shot almost in passing by someone who almost simultaneously killed Tas' avatar, and then leaped off of the building. Vax wondered if the human avatar had survived the fall. He turned and watched with disbelief as one after the other, all of the screens in his row, and then his entire section, faded to black and red and showed those words: Avatar Destroyed. He turned back to his screen to see his avatar respawn, and almost immediately get killed again. Eventually after several more minutes, the screen faded to blue and green, the colours chosen by the human team. Vax stared with disbelief at the words on the screen: Human Victory, Dorun City Lost. 