
Terrance stared down at the multiple choice test, sweating. This was one of those important tests, one of the ones he had to do right or not do at all. His 'gift' had an unfortunate way of backfiring on him. Sure it was fine and dandy when he wrote a dog into the family but forgot to mention that said dog was house-trained, or when he wrote in a little date with Laila but forgot to consider that the date would go so badly that it caused her to get back together with Chad. Those were little things. He looked down at the test paper. **WORLD WAR II** *Question 1: Who were the 'allies'?* *a) Britain b) USA c)* *Japan* *d) USSR* "Easy enough," He thought to himself, circling a and b. ... *Question 9: Who was the American President during the war?* *a) Theodore Roosevelt b) Franklin Roosevelt c) Harry Truman d) John Kennedy* "Ugh, tricky question" his pencil flipped back and forth between the two Roosevelts before circling a. ... *Question 23: How did Hitler die?* *a) suicide pill b) suicide gunshot c) died defending bunker d) surrendered* "Well, he definitely didn't surrender," Terrance thought. "he died in the bunker... I guess he died defending it?" He circled c. ... On and on it went this way. It sounded mostly right, at least nothing was horrifically wrong, as far as he could tell. Maybe a few little details would get mixed up, but overall it should be fine. He finished the test with five minutes to spare. Looking down at his page, he stood up and walked to the front. "Danke, Herrn Schmidt," Professor Flieschmann said to him. Terrance froze, bringing his eyes slowly up to see his usually languid professor dressed in a tailored, form-fitting black suit. "Oh, shit." Terrance started to look around. A mural of a bullet-riddled Hitler painted as a heroic martyr in front of the bunker firing off twin machine guns hung behind the teacher's desk. Another painting, of Stalin visiting Hitler's grave and laying flowers, hung to the right of it. A picture of a 90 year old, sickly Roosevelt hunched over a desk signing papers hung to the left. A newspaper clipping declaring "Roosevelt Too Weak to Continue War of Attrition! Surrender!" sat in a frame on the desk. "Uhh, actually, sir, I think I might, um, need five more minutes" Terrence said quietly, eyes glued with horror to the neoclassical Hitler portrait as he backed toward his desk. 