
"These the latest models?" I said, picking up a pair of glasses from the worktable and holding them up to the light. Multi-colored rays danced across the lenses, making them look like a sparkling lake under a midday sun. "Yep. First test scheduled for tomorrow at ten with ... Mr. Hobert or Herbert, or whatever his name was." My co-worker Robin finished packing her things into a bag and snapped it shut. "See you, Larry." I waved goodbye and continued to inspect the glasses for any sign of defect. It had to be perfect. We'd spent years and millions of dollars working on them, withstanding backlash after backlash after every failed iteration. A promise to not only completely overcome color blindness, but to offer it for off-the-shelf purchase wasn't one the public took lightly. Myself, I didn't need it. I was blessed with good eyes. Wondering what the effect would be, I put them on. There was a thing in the lab with me. I screamed and fell on my back, clawing at my face to get the glasses off. Whatever specter I'd seen vanished immediately. Heart tearing itself apart between my ribs, I lay there and tried to make myself small. What the hell? What the hell was ... that? The glasses lay nearby, innocuous. I eyed them fearfully, and then cast a quick gaze over my shoulder. Nothing sneaking up on me. A trick of the light, perhaps? Slowly, curiosity drowned out fear, and I picked the glasses up. Only one way to confirm it. Breathing rapidly, I put them on once more. It was still there. This time, the investigative part of my brain kicked in before fear could overwhelm my neurons. The thing wasn't entirely solid, but appeared to be made vaporous shadow. Humanoid, it had such long arms that its hands dragged on the floor next to its feet. There was no face on its head, as far as I could tell. No eyes, no mouth ... just a blank patch of darkness. Yet, I could somehow sense that it was looking at me. "Hello?" I tried. It didn't reply. Made no movement. Just stood there ... watching. Slowly, I stood up, also picking up a screwdriver from the table in case it charged. Was I really seeing something? Maybe one of the other scientists had inserted something into the glasses for a prank. A VR trick of some sort? I would have to quiz Robin tomorrow. The screwdriver I had thrown sailed through the creature and clanged against the wall. Still no response from it. Prank, then. I laughed to myself, though the sound came out thready. Blood was still thundering in my ears. Maybe a walk outside, away, would help. Joke or not, it was disquieting to be around with. I hurried through the empty corridors to the back exit, where I sometimes popped out for a smoke. The sky was still bright, though with more shades of red-orange than yellow. The skyscrapers of the city cast long shadows across the parking lot, where more of the smoky beings where. This time, I couldn't hold my scream in. There were almost twenty of them, standing among the cars, under trees, one on a bench. They were all looking at me ... at me, goddammit, I just knew it somehow! An elderly woman, standing by a bus stop with a shopping bag, had jumped at my scream. Then she toppled onto the pavement, a hand on her chest, face tight in agony. The sight made me forget the things for a moment, and I hurried toward her. No, what have I done? Her hand rolled off her chest, fist uncurling, while I was still a few feet away. Impossibly fast, the shadowy beings rushed over to her, standing in a circle, resembling a pack of dogs awaiting the master's feeding hand. A shaft of light grew from her chest, shooting skyward, widening by the moment ... and then a radiant, humanoid form pulled itself free from the body and rose. Or at least it tried. The shadow things grabbed it almost instantly and dragged it down. The radiant form struggled in vain, and then vanished beneath the pack's bulk. I screamed again, and full flight kicked in. Without a thought as to where I was, I ran, feet slapping on concrete, and then tar. Suddenly, there was the howl of a horn, and then something slammed into my side. I could feel myself flying, body aflame with pain, and then I hit the ground with a sickening crunch. The last thing I saw was a ring of dark heads hovering over me. *** *More stories on my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker)!* 