
"You didn't even get on your knees to propose," she said. "You just stood there." "I wanted to be different. Isn't that why you love me?" She laughed, and kissed me. "Maybe. I love you and I trust you completely." "I love you too." She pulled back a little bit. "But do you trust me?" She needed assurance like this sometimes, as we all do. "I do...but isn't trust just a bet that things won't go wrong? That things will work out, until your bet goes wrong? I don't know. I'll always bet on you, but I don't know what I'll do if..." "I know what you mean. So we should make a sign." "A sign?" "A sign that if one of us really, desperately needs the other's trust, we'll give it to them.""Like a safe word?" "Maybe. I was thinking more like a gesture." "What do you have in mind?" - I couldn't even think about what to say to her when I got to her. All I wanted to do was get to her, and then things would magically figure themselves out. Isn't that what love was? My mind filled with excitement, something my new friends echoed in their thoughts. *Just get to her. Love is worth it!* All the fear, the worry, the nervousness, all that was gone. How could life as a human have been so...utterly wrong? So filled with nuisances and neuroses that did nothing to help? So I looked, everywhere I could. I fought off and ran away from desperate rebels, and trawled through the entire southern part of the state. Finally, I saw her, in a camp on the outskirts of the forest. I waited until she took a walk into the woods, to relieve herself, and walked up to her. *I love you,* I desperately tried to convey to her. She looks at me, and in her eyes only fear appears, where there was once love and joy. I can't register this, can no longer fully feel the pain I need to. I just feel confusion, and try to tell her I love her again. She screams, and runs. - I've followed her for weeks now. This is my last hope. I do not fully understand why or how, but if this doesn't work, I will have to find another way to be happy. Without her. This time, she takes a walk to the top of a hill where they are staying, and looks out. A small smile curls her lips, and I am happy, at least, that she can still smile. I walk up to her, and put my arms out, as much as I can. I try not to think about how stupid I must look, my arms out and about to fall off, my mouth open and tongue hanging out. I kneel down, and look into her eyes. I hold my hands out. For a second, nothing happens. Then... Recognition. She looks at my hands, and sees the ring. Then, she looks at me for a long time. She holds out her own hand, shaking. I take it slowly, and bite into it as softly as I can. We stare into our eyes, and nothing happens for a long time. *I love you.* The thought fills my head, fully, startlingly, and I look up, and I see her start to transform. I stand up, and tell her I love her and trust her too. - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 