
"Good morning, beautiful," Ross says as he shuts off his alarm and rolls over to kiss his wife before he gets up. Really, Ross? You selfish shit. She doesn't need to get up for another hour, and there you go making sure she can't get another REM cycle in before she wakes up. What kind of sleep-depriving, torturous sadist does that? Guantanamo level shit, Ross. He sneaks into the guest bathroom for a quick shower before work. Instead of his own bathroom. Another bathroom for his wife to clean. It's hopeless anyways. He smells like BO no matter what. And nobody likes him at work either. And then once he's downstairs, he stops to pet the cats for a minute. Instead of emptying the dishwasher. Ross is lazy. The cats think so, too. Everybody does. He parks outside - he claims so that the opening and closing of the garage doesn't wake up his wife but it's actually because he hates the world - so now he's out there doing his best to destroy the environment. The car runs and runs, it's been like ten minutes and he comes out now that it's warm enough. Really, Ross? Man up and go to work in the cold. Do you think the Amish heat up their buggies? Do you think laborers in the gulag wait for it to get warmer? No. They just go to work. Ross smiles as he drives, pretending he's so much better than all the other commuters. Everybody glares at him because he sucks at driving. He slowly rolls into roundabouts instead of just committing. He stops on yellow lights. He waves pedestrians on like some sort of psychotic serial killer by proxy who just wants them to get slammed by an oncoming truck. "Good morning, Sandra," he says with a smile to the receptionist when he enters the office. She's a lonely, unpleasant old person. Just like Ross will be someday. Nobody wants to talk to her and she doesn't want to talk to anybody. But Ross still talks to her, just to make her morning a little worse. Sandra smiles at him. They have this little ritual they do where Ross fake smiles and acts all pleasant, hiding the fact that he thinks that Sandra is the worst receptionist in the world and he would rather sprinkle roach dust into his coffee than talk to her. Too bad there are no roaches around. He deserves them. "Hey, buddy," Alan says as Ross makes his way to his desk. See? Ross is so immemorable that even his cubicle neighbor can't remember his name. Ross has a picture of his wife on his desk. That's so he doesn't forget what she looks like because Ross is terrible with faces and terrible with names and terrible with everybody in general. "Alan, how was your weekend?" Ross says with that same fake smile. Then he really puts Alan through the grinder, torturing him with not one, not two - not three through nine either - but *ten* minutes of small-talk. You cruel, pitiless pile of walking shit, Ross. Ten minutes wasted. Ten minutes of company time. Ten minutes that Alan will never get back. Give it another ten minutes - by the time Ross is done with his paid poop - and he won't even remember what Alan said. "How's Becky?" It's Rebecca, Ross. Alan's wife is Rebecca. Not Becky. She's not your side-chick. You're not that personal. Keep it professional, Ross. Alan is smiling. It's a tortured smile, I can tell. It's just a little too wide. A little too happy for a Monday morning during Ross-time. Nobody likes Ross-time. Not even his wife. Ross is probably thinking about something else right now, instead of listening to this poor soul going on and on about his weekend. Once their useless and forced chit-chat is over, Ross sits at his desk. He clears his throat and then quickly says "excuse me". Really, Ross? Is that necessary? It's annoying and churlish and really just adds to the irritating ambient noise that is only exacerbated by your insufferable presence. Silence is golden, Ross. So shut the fuck up. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 