
Ages ago, one act of random bullshit at a party led to a series of events that created the Ultimates. That's what we call them, antway. Immortals. Seventy-seven thousand, seven hundred seventy-seven humans that are completely immortal and invincible. It took around 77 years to find all the ways, and a register was created to know how many were left. Some were asanine and stupid, like the man who sang an entire opera in a public bathroom in swahili, or the guy who did something stupid witout asking someone to hold his beer, and kept the beer safe. Others were stranger, requiring specific weather or sound combinations, and a few were earned for incredible advancements in science like Nobel prizes. One even happened for no discernable reason, leading experts to believe it was some kind of cosmic lottery. Regardless, it's all old news. The Ultimates earned their immortality through dumb luck, perseverance, or some combination of the two. We have about 95% of them registered and they mostly keep to themselves, aside from a few immortal pop culture icons. A scant few went insane and were locked away. But one thing is clear: as far as humanity knows, the number of remaining paths to immortality is a whopping zero. So why am I doing this again? Is it to know? Is it some forgotten hope to cheat death like so many lost their lives trying? Have I finally lost it? ...nah, I'm just an idiot. Besides, I spent way too long searching the woods and the mountain to give up now. I climb over the top of the rise and come face to face with my project for the past year: Nathaniel Gabenheim. The last human to earn immortality. The only immortal to 'kill' himself. Encased himself under a ton of concrete in an undisclosed location after losing his wife and child in childbirth, hoping to rest eternally with her one way or another. Day after day I've chipped though the concrete with a pickaxe in the summer heat, hoping to free him from his stony prison. And today, as my first few swings crack apart the stone, I hear a gasp of air, as though it was held for a hundred years. "I... I'm free? Who's there? I can't see anything!" The voice sounds familiar, but raspy from a century of silence. "Hang on, I'm coming!" I wail away at the rock, pulling the boken peices apart, finally revealing... my own face, staring bewildered back at me. "Who..." Nathaniel takes a moment to cough more dust out of his mouth. "Who are you and why do you look like me?" "Me? My name is Nate. Nate Gabenheim." I pause for that to sink in. "...your son survived. That man was my grandfather, and he spent his life looking for you. I'm your great grandson... and the spitting image of you, as I've been told." "My son's alive?!" "No... I'm afraid he passed on a few months ago. He gave me all his notes in his will and begged me to continue the search for the father he never knew. It's nice to finally meet you." "Nate, then. Please, rebury me. As nice as it is to know my family is alive, the world just isn't the same without her. Please." "But-" "Please! I don't want my immortality. I just want to be with her. Please..." I sigh. It seems like that's all I'll get from him. Reluctantly, I crawl out of the tunnel I dug. "Fine... I brought a bag of cement with me, just in case. I don't want to, but..." "Thank you." "You're wel-" I turn back to Nathaniel and let out a gasp. What was a vibrant face just moments before is now naught but a skull. And I can feel and see a soft glow emanate from my chest for a brief moment. The seventy-seven thousand, seven hundred seventy-eighth immortal climbed out of the grave of the one who gave up his immortality for love. He refilled the hole with an understanding smile, departing home for his beloved immortal wife. He wondered how long it would take her to notice the surprise he had for her... that she wouldn't be alone forever anymore. As he left the clearing, he glanced back at the pile of concrete, a single sentence in two voices echoing across the glade. "Thank you... now I can be with my wife forever." 