
I wasn't really sure what happened. I remember yesterday. I'd grown old. I'd seen myself in the mirror. My skin hung a bit loose and I had lost most of my hair. I hadn't lost my mind though, that was still all there. I lived a solitary life. A quiet one. People confused me. They annoyed me. I guess I was 'that old guy that yells at people to stay off his lawn' kind of guy. I didn't care what people thought of me, I lost the ability to give a shit a long, long time ago. I watched TV. I walked around the neighborhood. I played with Snickers, my tabby cat. Old runt, very soft, very kind. I read some more books. It's nice when in your old age, things in your direct environment don't change too much, or too fast. These were things I could do, that I could enjoy. And then, out of nowhere, I was five years old again, and I was question why my hand looked so blurry when I waved it very quickly. My first memory. My mom called me over to stop standing there and waving like a dumbass, that I go help her gather the plates from the table. This was wrong. Very wrong. Where was Snickers? My home? This is my home. My old home. And Mom. But Mom has been dead for thirty-nine years. What is this? I felt so strange. I did what I always did when something happened that I didn't understand. I kept quiet, observed and did what I was asked to. Assimilate so I don't stand out. So I waddled, with my surprisingly spry little legs, over to the table. A man sat there. A well dressed man. Blonde, a suit. He was very large, but I wasn't sure if he was just large or if my suddenly perspective shift from an old man to a small child was the cause of this. I did not know this man. I had never seen him before. He did not belong here. My tiny gut told me to get away from him and to call mom. The man smiled when he saw me. "You're dead, Isaac. Welcome to the afterlife." Dead? I felt fine. What the fuck is this? "I understand your confusion. You're right back at the start, eh? All the work you did, everything you've earned, everything you built, gone. But it isn't. Isaac, I'm the guy that judges people for their, as you know it, Final Judgement." Oh my God. God is real. Heaven. Hell. All of that bullshit, it's real? Aww fuck. Shit. This must be Hell. I get to live my life as a child for way too fucking long. God damnit, I liked being an adult. "Relax, Isaac. I'm not done yet. Here's a riddle, to help you understand what's happening. What is the true test of someone's character?" I thought of Spiderman. With great power come great responsibility. Spiderman was a hero because he chose to be one. Superman could have ruled the planet, but he always chose to do the right thing. Because he believed in people. I always wished I shared his optimism about people. But I knew what the man was getting to. "Power." I said. "No points for half answers." "Power and no responsibilities for the consequences." "Good boy. You have that power now." "What?" "The power to change the world. Do anything you want. You want to destroy terrorism? Go do it. You want to kill the people you hate? Go for it. Get that date with Betty Haroldson you always wanted? She won't say no if you make her say yes and make her think that she wanted to. The world has no limits for you now. You are now God here. No limits. Have fun." And the man faded away. Just like that. I tried it. Mom wasn't looking. I reached out with my mind and moved the plates from the table to the kitchen. Mom didn't see, she was too busy taking inventory in the kitchen. No limits. Anything I wanted. I could be a conquerer. I could bring world peace. The world would be my canvas. I can feel it. I can feel the fibers in the bookshelf. I can feel my dad's drunken breath on my cheeks as he snores upstairs. I can feel the soap breaking apart bacteria in the kitchen sink. I can reach out and manipulate these things, and I'm only five years old. But now is not the time for these things. Right now, there's only one thing I really want. I walk up to Mom and tug on her dress and asked: "Mom, can I have a hug?" 