
Dim headlights pierced the gloom of the lonely stretch of highway that connected one tiny nondescript town to another. Small dead shrubs lined the road and a thin coyote sniffed at roadkill. Darrel smiled at the coyote. They were the same, hunters and scavengers consuming the weak. He pressed his foot down on the gas pedal easing the speedometer's needle over eighty. It was another sixty miles to the next town that was a hub for hitchhikers and runaways. His preferred hunting grounds. He flipped the radio on and listened to talk radio. The only stations he got in this stretch of highway was a few conspiracy theorists talking about how the government was brainwashing you with chemtrails. *Keep distracting the sheep with things that don't exist,* Darrel thought happily. In the distance a small smudge of brown caught his eye. It was the silhouette of a person wearing an old army jacket walking down the side of the road. Darrel's heart began to race. This was an unexpected treat. He slowed the car to a crawl and pulled up beside the hitchhiker. It was a young woman wearing a green beanie cap, a Vietnam era field jacket, old faded jeans, a pair of black combat boots and a brown backpack. *The runaway uniform,* Darrel snickered to himself. He rolled the passenger window down and pulled to a stop. "You lost?" "Nope," she said without turning and continuing to walk. "Where you headed?" "That way." She pointed down the road. Darrel was going to enjoy cutting the attitude out of this one. "Would you like to get there a little faster?" Finally she paused and turned to look at him. He flashed his most winning smile. "Look, I'm just headed back home from a business trip. You can either get in or you can walk, I'm just trying to be nice." After a long pause she said, "Fine," opened the car then climbed inside. Darrel tried to grab her backpack to put it in the back but she clutched it tightly to her chest. "Sorry, just thought you would be more comfortable." "Saying something like that makes me feel uncomfortable," she said eyeing him sideways. Exultation coursed through Darrel's body. This might be his favorite kill, he was going to savor it. The conspiracy theorists broadcast was interrupted with a breaking news story. "Another body has been discovered on Highway 2. The FBI have released a statement which is as follows. We believe this work to be that of a serial killer operating on highway 2--" Darrel and the girl's hand touched as they both pressed the button to turn the radio off. "I don't like listening to that stuff. It's unsettling knowing people are out there that are capable of doing something like that," she said quietly. "I feel the exact same way," Darrel agreed. They continued down the road in silence. The only noise was the sound of the tires humming over the asphalt. Darrel had waited long enough, he couldn't hold out any longer. He flipped a small switch by the steering wheel that killed the engine. The car sputtered and jumped as he steered it to the side of the road. "Piece of shit!" Darrel groaned pulling to a stop. He pulled out his cellphone and glanced at the two bars in the top left corner. "Of course, no signal." "It's your lucky day. I'm actually pretty good with cars. Pop the hood and let me take a look," she said opening the door. *Perfect,* he thought salaciously. She lifted the hood and propped it open. Darrel sat in the car giving her a few seconds to become fully distracted tinkering with the perfectly functioning engine. He opened the glove compartment and removed the taser he kept there. "Hey I think I found the problem," she said from behind the hood. *I'm sure you did.* "Coming!" He stepped around the hood and caught a small pipe across his jaw. Teeth rattled loose and he swallowed a molar. The pipe struck again this time on top of his skull sending him to the asphalt. The taser fell out of his hand and clattered into the beam of the headlight. "The problem is you aren't very convincing," she said standing over him. "Honestly, how you've managed to kill anyone is amazing. I guess the world is full of idiots," she spat with disgust. She retrieved the taser from the road and gave him a zap. Tears ran down his face unchecked as he began to beg for his life. "Is that what they did? The innocent women you tortured and left to be picked apart by the coyotes and buzzards?" "Pathetic." She stepped away from him and opened the trunk of the car retrieving a rope she assumed would be in there. She tasered him again for good measure and bound his wrists and ankles then flipped the kill switch by the steering wheel and started the car. She pulled it forward a few feet past Darrel and tied another length of rope to his ankles and around the car's hitch ball. "This is going to hurt," she said leaning her head out of the driver's side window and put the car in gear and peeled out. --- Thanks for reading! Check out /r/Written4Reddit for more stories! 