
A simple message in a complex binary, translated in days. Director Samson of the now-provisional Xenoform Activities Department of the U.N rapped his knuckles against the desk rapid fire. The beacon had been repeating the message for five thousand years-- five thousand! -- as if whatever was out there knew we would broadcast at some point. It was right, evidently. Samson had a near heart attack as an intern pushed open his door with ridiculous speed. "Director--" He didn't have to even say another word before Samson stormed out of his office and onto the catwalk that overlooked the command center, looking at the scientists, linguists, and programmers with combined fury and elation. "Well?" He boomed. The room was silent. One of the men at a computer flipped a couple of switches, before the screen lit up. Static filled it at first, before a full body of a creature came into view. It said something in a chattering and unintelligible tongue, which was translated by subtitles on the bottom of the screen. "Greetings." It had said. The alien was insectoid, and looked like a bipedal cross of a stag beetle and a centipede. Five pairs of arms, two enormous legs, 12 eyes. The room behind it was indistinct, flowing with geometric designs. Dead silence gripped the room as they awaited more. Their first contact with alien life. The chattering resumed. "My name is unimportant to your species. Know we are your progenitors, your forerunners. You were not intended to be the dominant species. But here you are. An interesting turn of events." The thing sucked in air and whooping as if emulating laughter. "If you're listening to this, we are long dead." Somehow, the silence got even deeper as those harrowing words were spoken. "Taken by the Adversary." Samson yelled out, "What is it?!" forgetting he was watching what amounted to TV. Nobody looked at him or gave him a dirty look. "The Adversary is what lies at the center of this galaxy, of all galaxies, that which slumbers until one awakens it. Broadcasting into it carelessly makes it stir. We silenced you because of it. We hope you've listened." The sound of servers being turned off filled the room. Communications arrays broadcasting into deep space went silent one by one at the command of the alien. Better safe than sorry. "The Adversary is unbeatable, from what we can understand. Two hundred million [untranslated. Translator note: seems to be a unit of energy] was not enough to even harm it. It swallowed it like it swallowed our worlds." The insect seemed to weep for a moment, green ichor flowing from its eyes. "But unlike our ancestors, we are prepared." What followed was a massive data stream-- exabytes of information flowed into several dedicated servers. As the men tending them scrambled to ensure there was no massive overflow, the voice continued. "What we are sending you is all knowledge of our civilization, every other civilization in the galaxy, and our technology, as well as our complete star maps. You'll find each of them to be leagues more useful than your own primitive works." Samson's jaw dropped. This would send Humanity forward thousands of years. He had been the one to lead it. Joy-- pure, childlike joy-- filled him to the brim. "But we ask a price in return for this information." Samson sobered immediately. "You must work with your fellow aliens. Do not hoard these works and live as powerful hermits. The Adversary cannot be defeated alone." The xeno made a sighing motion, as if a great weight had been taken off its shoulders. The sounds of wind and screeches could be heard somewhere far away. "It comes now." The data just kept coming, millions on millions of terabytes. They had filled tweelve dedicated drives with it, and already it was being translated as the message was relayed. Shouts and voices filled the room like an orchestra, the message continuing unabated. "Humanity. You must fight together with your allies. If you do not, you will be swallowed as we are. Do not broadcast into space again until you have the proper technology we sent. Do not throw your lives away. Fight the Adversary. Succeed where we failed. End message." A map of the milky way then appeared, with stars highlighted by circles and lines, each ending in a stream of text-- "Quz'aki, Hingajhgh, Bukoro, Jilak, Crawana..."-- Alien names. Names of Humanity's allies. January 12th 2023 would be remembered as The Day of Stars, for the gifts given by our progenitors. They were called gifts, but they were what they were-- tools. Tools to destroy what lay at the center. Today, 2698, we stand among countless ships of silver and gold and fire and energy. Millions have come. We lay before the center. With a blast of a coded bugle from a synthetic's artificial breath, we awaken our enemy. Jeremiah Samson IX stood at the bridge. He grinned as he saw those eldritch eyes and maws look upon its doom sleepily. His great, great, great, great, great, great grandfather would be proud. "Fire tachyon lances. Let's wake up ol' advy." 