
The oyster bar reeked of rum and horseradish. It started with a slight burning of the nose, blooming into a deeper and more refined aroma, searing the throat, mixing with the humid salt-spray of the bay, and ending with a mint julep on the rocks. Water ran down the edges of our glasses--mine barely sipped--hers empty and sitting alongside it's drained counterpart. Warm light hit and reflected off the edges of the glass in a kaleidoscope across the bamboo placemats. It was beautiful. I couldn't help but notice how the light kept me from making the eye contact we both so desperately wanted but were unwilling to maintain. The server dropped by with a fresh plate of oysters on the raw and two more mint juleps. It was a welcome break from the silence. I took a long sip, then grabbed a rough half-shell and started slurping. She twirled her fingers around the rim of her glass. Her gold-rimmed glasses dropped lower, and a small smile curled around the dimples of her overly-sunburnt face. "You ever dropped a bucket of oysters in a pond?" she asked, licking the sugar from her fingers. "A real dirty pond, with gator's and muck and dirt and duckweed. Just dropped them right in. You know what happens?" "You're out a few hundred bucks?" She laughed. "Sure. But the oysters are filter feeders. They'll clear out the pond in a few days. They'll suck away the dirt and chemicals and grime and give you crystal clear water. It's what happened to lake Erie a few years back with the zebra mussels. It's happening now up north; oyster farms in the bay are cleaning up the toxins." I scooped another divot of horseradish onto the next oyster. "You should see what they use tilapia for." "What's that?" "Nothing," I said, "Nevermind. What about they oysters? They taste good, and they're perfectly safe." "They don't really taste good, do they? Otherwise you wouldn't have the cocktail sauce, or the horseradish, or the mint juleps. And if they taste so good, why slurp them down? You can't enjoy them like that." "That's not the point." "Exactly!" she clapped her hands together. When she crossed her arms and leaned in towards me I could almost taste the liquor on her breath. By god, what was still I doing here? I should have left an hour ago, when the rest of my coworkers called it a night. But there was something oddly captivating about the subtle look she gave me earlier, as if I had every right to leave but would be in for something unforgettable if I chose to stay. She drained the bottom of her fourth julep and let the glass slip from her hands, clatter on the table and roll to rest with the others. "It's all metaphorical. We slurp down oysters without a second thought of where they've been or how hard they work. They sit and suck our poison all day and we slurp them down with greedy eyes, always wanting more and more until we've taken every last pearl." She tilted her wrists, flashing the pearl bracelet and the empty ring finger. "My husband got me this when I first started at NASA. You know how much it cost him?" "Not enough?" "Not enough," she whispered. The thought seemed to swirl around her mind like the julep swirled in another rocks glass, catching a spark of light, and the idea was just grandiose enough to pour over. "You know why we want to leave this planet so badly?" "Crocs are coming back in style," I said, more confident with two mint juleps down the hatch. "We found a garbage patch." She didn't smile. She didn't laugh or brush her hair back, and she didn't look off to the side or flush with embarrassment. She looked straight into my eyes, and I watched the color drain from her face as she spoke with complete seriousness. "The great pacific one?" "The Mariana trench one. The one no one knows about, because they really not ought to know about the one thing that could end the world." The temperature seemed to drop ten degrees. A chill ran down my spine. "What do you mean?" "When we dumped millions of gallons of oil in the Deepwater Horizon spill, bacteria evolved to destroy it. We have things that eat plastic for breakfast. We can convert radioactive isotopes into useable fuel. Shit, even trees filter out the air." The waiter came back with a smile and another two mint juleps, but she waved him away with a groan. Looking down at the very last oyster, she grabbed the half shell and slurped it down. With a slam she crushed the shell down on the table, nearly knocking over the glass. "But that's just it. We recycle. We evole to eat and convert and replenish. And you know why? Because at the bottom of the mariana trench is a great pile of radioactive sludge and cosmic who-knows-what left thousands of years ago by who-knows-who." I didn't believe her. Not really. But I couldn't drop the nagging curiosity that wormed though me like a parasite. The creeping realization of her words sunk in and I didn't want anymore oysters. She looked at me with a sad smile. "We might not be alone in this universe, but we *are* the oysters." 