
The bird didn't peck on my window. That should've been enough for me to notice, but it wasn't until I rolled over in my bed and found a severed arm that I realized it was over. I immediately went back to sleep, of course. This was the first time in what felt like centuries where I could actually allow myself to rest. I woke up around noon. Usually, I had to stop a kid from falling off a tree around this time. Who knew throwing him myself would feel a thousand times more rewarding? As I walked through the desolate town square, I couldn't help but chuckle at everything I experienced. Every day, I forced myself to improve. I blamed myself for the cosmic prison I was jailed in, thinking I just hadn't done enough good to escape. I had all the time in the world and never spent any of it on myself. Perhaps that was the problem all along. It wasn't until I impaled the merchant on his statue that I remembered I had a choice. I saved that work of art from being stolen more times than I care to recall. The first time I decided to reveal myself as the person who recovered it, I was immediately labeled as the thief. I fled from the guards that time. Then, when I discovered that the merchant had machinated everything to increase its worth, I felt like a complete fool. Why did it take me so long to notice? It took a while, but I finally reached a conclusion on the day before yesterday, which I guess was technically still yesterday up until today. I never noticed because I didn't care. I only did those good deeds to tell myself I was doing everything I could. If it were a genuine act, I would've looked deeper into the scenario instead of being satisfied with a superficially happy ending. Lesson learned, I guess. I left the town feeling neither excitement or despair. All the good I did amounted to nothing, while the one time I succumbed to my darker impulses I was rewarded with freedom. What was I supposed to take away from this? It felt like god, the world, the universe or whatever ruled my reality was trying to tell me something. Maybe fate wasn't something imposed on the individual. Maybe it was something we all woke up to by being true to ourselves, no matter how wrong it might look on the surface. My new found purpose made itself apparent the more I thought about it. I was never meant to do good. Saving others, doing the right thing, it would never fix the problem of evil. Everything would start all over again if everyone were saved from suffering. People needed to be *shown* evil, so they could understand why it shouldn't be perpetuated. That was my purpose. It was the only meaning I could draw from this cruel existence. If this was the role I was meant to play, then I'll gladly embrace it and bring my reckoning upon the rest of the world. --------- > Edit: I forgot to mention that I have a subreddit (/r/WeirdEmoKidStories) where you can find more of my stuff. Thanks for reading! 