
I stared at my mother in utter bewilderment. My thoughts were turning into an uncontrollable tempest, the first breeze in the storm being: Why does she do this to me every time? This was *my* moment, not hers! I reveal my deepest secret and she doesn't even blink an eye. That's so God-damned typical. Then the rest of the gale arrived, howling and hounding and chasing those initial thoughts away: Nerina Okareda, perhaps the most powerful Nercromancer alive, was once a cleric? A *cleric!* "Mom." That was all I could get out. The only word that would form on my lips. I wasn't sure if it was a question or a statement. "Mom." "Yes?" "I- I don't understand." "It was... a lifetime ago." "You were a cleric?" She sighed, as if thinking back was causing her pain. "Patience Lylet. That was my name, back when I was Caemor's cleric." "You were royal cleric to Caemor? The Mad King?" I sputtered. Caemor was the man we had been at war with since I'd been born. Since before that time. The man who knew nothing but hatred for mysticism and necromancy, or any of the darker arts. The man who had sentenced our brethren to life in the Ice Mines, and who had forced us to cower like criminals in the darkest recesses of the mountains. "You look indignant. Don't be. He wasn't always such a terrible man." I laughed. "You're kidding, right? Tell me you're kidding. He hunted down and enslaved over three million-" She raised a hand in the air, and as if I was a child again, I fell silent. I clenched my fist, more angry at myself than her. I couldn't wait to get out of this place. The monasteries had already agreed to my enrolment. This -- telling mom -- was just a formality. "He was not always bad. He... he had things happen to him, that changed him." "Good!" "You don't mean that, because you don't understand." "Are you kidding? Of course I mean it. Caemor can burn in the halls of Hell for eternity. "You weren't my first child." "What?" She paused a moment, considering. "Caemor and I, we had a child together. We called him Edulis." "I-- I have a brother?" "No. He is dead. He died before you were born." My head was pounding. I wasn't sure if I was angry at my mother for only telling me this now, or just confused. "How? How did he die?" "He began coughing up blood one afternoon. A little, to start with. But it got gradually worse as the weeks passed. I was not just his mother, but royal cleric. It was my responsibility to..." "You couldn't save him?" She shook her head. "There are limits to even the finest Cleric's abilities. Certainly, there were limits to mine. I could only prolong his life, keeping him confined to his bed, in terrible pain, for almost a year. I would have kept him alive forever, if I could have done so. Caemor however, ordered me to let him die. "That bastard!" "It wasn't easy for Caemor. Or for me. And I still don't know who was right. But, the next day, Edulis was dead. As was my love for Caemor. I resigned from my position and left the palace the same day, before my son's bones were even buried." "That's why he hates you? That's why there is this war? Because you left him? What a-" "No. It's because of what I took with me as I left." I paused. "What? What did you take?" My mother -- Nerina Okareda -- simply stared at me. 