
Tom was looking at the note in awe. He turned it around and around, looking for some hidden clue, or just a message saying that it was just a joke, but there was nothing at all. The bottle looked innocent enough: It was a green one, reflecting the sunlight into Tom's eyes. It was starting to get dark when Tom finally awoke from his reveries. Then, automatically, he turned to his left, and indeed, a large boulder was located there. It looked perfectly unlike a time machine, Tom thought. It looked like something that could be described in Tom's *Explorer's Guide To the Wilderness*, now safely stored away in his backpack. Cautiously, Tom approached the rock. As he came closer, he became more sure that his was a very ordinary rock. There was nothing strange to be seen. He walked around the rock, tracing the hard surface with his hand, feeling for any irregularities. He felt nothing suspicious. It was all smooth surface, but now he felt a slight bump- A deafening roar disturbed the silence of the clearing. Birds were flying away from the trees, as Tom stumbled backwards, shocked. The bump he had felt had been a small button and it was now pressed in, as the rock slowly moved to the side, making loud noises in the process. It revealed a hole in the ground, out of which immediately rose a human-sized metal capsule, looking remarkably out of place in the vast wilderness. A penal slid open, revealing a small compartment which contained a chair and a lot of complicated machinery. Tom, already having difficulty processing this all, stumbled backwards yet again, as a robotic voice came out of the capsule. ''Good evening. This time machine is ready for departure. Please be seated inside and everything will be taken care of. Have a pleasant journey!'' Tom, having finally composed himself, now felt his familiar adventurous spirit returning and was getting quite excited. He looked around, seeing if he was quite alone, then without further ado, walked up to the capsule and entered. As he sat down, the capsule immediately closed shut, a seat belt out of nowhere fastened Tom, and the voice rang out again. ''Please be notified that this time machine is programmed to travel 3000 years into the past. Circumstances were quite different in those times, so you might find that you won't survive for longer than an hour. With that said, get ready for take off!'' Tom, feeling very reassured indeed by this message, braced himself, holding on to his chair very tightly. There was a deafening roar again and the capsule started shaking. Then there were a lot of beeping sounds, and at the console in front of Tom, several lights started to turn on and off, and controls started to move automatically. It was very uncomfortable. Tom's head was pounding. He was just wondering whether he had a concussion, when the shaking stopped. There was a 'ping!' like an elevator reaching a new floor, and the panel slid open. ''Welcome to 983 B.C. and have fun!'' Then there was silence, as Tom looked out of the panel into the world. But the first thing that Tom saw was not the environment around him, but a man standing right in front of him, a very eager expression on his face. ''Thank the Gods! My savior has finally arrived! I've waited for so long!'' Tom was still sitting in his chair, too dazed too move. The stranger saw the expression on his face and approached him. ''Hahaa! I remember when I first arrived here in that thing, 10 years ago! I think I sat there for over half an hour! Let me help you, mate!'' And the stranger bent forwards to remove Tom's safety belt and help him stand. Tom noticed that he was stinking very badly and when he turned to him to get a better look at him, saw that he was very ragged looking. The stranger wore jeans that were cut off at the knees to make shorts, a brown t-shirt that had probably once been white, and a bandana. He had no shoes. ''Where are my manners?'' the stranger said. ''My name is Desmond. It's nice to meet a fellow time traveler!'' Tom shook his hand, not really aware of what he was doing. ''T.. Tom, pleasure.'' Then, at last, Tom got the opportunity to look around. He was at exactly the same place as he had been 3000 years from now, in 2017. But at the same time, the wilderness looked different. More like an actual wilderness, *wilder*. The trees were growing all over the place. Desmond followed his eyes, looking serious. ''Now, I know it looks beautiful around here and all, but I desperately want to get out of here, so it is paramount that you do what I say. We need to stay close to the time machine, because if you stray to far away from it, it will disappear. It's meant to be a one way ticket, you see? But I reckon we can - hey are you even listening?!'' Tom had wandered past Desmond and was gazing around, mesmerized. He had the power to alter history at his fingertips now, he could do anything he wanted. Somewhere, far way, he could hear Desmond shouting at him, but he wasn't paying attention. He needed to find shelter here, maybe Desmond could - But Desmond was gone. Tom had turned around and the only thing he saw was the rock. Desmond had gone into the time machine and disappeared. Tom was now stuck here. He walked up to the rock, but there was no button to be seen now. But when he looked down, he could see a small piece of paper laying there. He picked it up, and recognized the handwriting immediately. *I left a few bottles in a cave close by. Charcoal proves remarkably useful for writing. Good luck.* 