
"The terms are set, my lords," a small elf said as he looked up from the scroll he had been furiously scribbling on. "Are you prepared to seal the pact officially?" "We are agreeable," Lord Justavian said. "Given that this is the first pact in history between humans and orcs however, I do wish to hear verbal confirmation from my-- err, 'colleague' here that the 'no more using human corpses as puppets' rule is fully agreed to?" "Yeah yeah. We do it," the Orc High Warlord Therokk grunted. "Then our pact is indeed sealed! There shall be peace where for years our peoples knew only war," the human bellowed dramatically. "Great and glorious war to be sure, but--" "I'm sorry to interrupt, but is the pact actually sealed?" the elf interjected. "Although I fear having my head chopped off by either of you legendarily bloodthirsty warriors, I must note that every peace pact in history has not been sealed until there is a marriage between a son and daughter of the opposing factions." "I'm afraid the females in my family... err-- I guess you'd say 'deserted' our cause right around the time I invaded three mighty nations simultaneously a few years ago," Justavian said sheepishly. "'Testosterone fueled idiocy', I believe they termed my actions in the rather scathing letter they left me. The joke is of course on them however, now here I sit with the leader of one of those invaded nation, being forced to complete a peace pact with him after the senseless loss of the majority of our fighting forces and-- oh... wait..." "I understand," the elf replied. "And Warlord Therokk? Females of marrying age in your royal bloodline?" "Me no girls neither, only dumb dumb smelly lunkhead sons, many dozen dumb dumbs." "It seems that. to the best of my knowledge, Therokk's wife tragically died during the childbirth of the last of his-- 'lunkhead dumb-dumbs'. And Lord Justavian's wife... uhhh, 'relocated by her own free will', as he noted. So the both of you are technically single, and able to marry... each other," the elf noted plainly. "WHAT?! That big big no way!" Therokk shouted. "While I appreciate your assistance in negotiating this deal, sir elf, I must concur with my business associate, with whom I am forming an alliance with for the purposes of joint might and future conquest only. There simply must be another way..." &#x200B; **SMASH CUT TO:** "I cannot *believe* there wasn't another way," Justavian muttered with his face planted in his freshly ringed hand. "And what are the odds the elf was an ordained priest of BOTH our religions who was able to marry us on the spot?" "Yeah, me not see that coming," his orc partner agreed. "The wedding rings are of a high quality at least. I take brief solace in that, in the moments before I gaze upon your ugly face once more and am reminded that it shall accompany me through the rest of my life." "You not so pretty either. No horns, no sharp teeth, no muscles, useless!" They bickered on for some time, but before they knew it was time for the wedding procession to officially unveil themselves as a couple to their people. The reactions were... mixed, as you might imagine. "Lost the war to orcs then had to marry one! You are no king of ours any longer!" a human man shouted from the crowd. Therokk wheeled around in a rage and grabbed the man out of sea of people. "This my wife, Just-a-van, and you no speak to her that way!" "Once again, it's Jus-ta-vi-an, and I am not your *wife,* Therokk. I'm still a man also, *please* tell me you are aware of this?" "So what we call us?" he asked Justavian, while still holding the terrified man tightly in his massive grip. "How would I know? As far as I know we are not only the first orc/hum marriage, but also the first same sex marriage in history. I suppose just husband and husband?" "Dat fine," the orc said to his spouse before he turned back to the heckler. "Dis my husband JOO-staven, you make sorry to him or I crush your skull with one hand!" Therokk held the man aloft high off the ground to emphasize his point. "I'm very sorry indeed! Forgive me please your lordships! Two mighty warriors such as yourselves are perhaps the finest match there's ever been!" Justavian noted his new partners behavior with some amount of pride. Sure, they bickered and mocked one another in private, but when some outsider did so they were incredibly swift and fierce in their defense of one another. *Perhaps they had a chance to be a successful married couple after all,* he thought to himself as the first hint of smile he'd had in days crossed his lips. ___ Quick story before bed, hope some folks enjoy. Feel free to check out r/Ryter if you'd like to explore more stories written by an orc who intentionally mispronounces human names just to mess with them. 