
It was the color of a sunset: red tipped petals faded to yellow. Stark contrast to the roiling forever-cloud above it. A thick green stem climbed out of a crack in the dry earth, thorns lining it like a ladder. It had been hidden between two dry logs, lying flat like hollowed bones. It must have peered out from between the dead trees only in the last few days, and I had been the first to stumble upon it. It was worth more than my life. Below me lay my village of rusted huts. They littered the valley sporadically, as if a train had been derailed and its carriages rolled free, far and wide. Men and women worked around the shacks, digging and raking the land, trying to grow weeds that could be eaten, as kids kicked tins into makeshift goals around them. The rose was worth more than any of their lives too. All of them together, even. What a biodome would pay for it... And yet my hand gripped the stem as if a throat and yanked it from the ground. I held it out, its roots flailing in the breeze. I had as good as killed it. No other soil would allow this miracle to live. I placed it inside my jacket and buttoned up, the thorns slicing at my stomach as I strode back down the hill towards the village. &#x200B; "Clara?" The little girl's eyes didn't open. They hadn't for a long, long time. But pale lips still creased into a smile. "Papa?" She was weak. A sheet of paper with inked on features barely visible. A faded trace drawing of my daughter. Clara had been given only days left, weeks ago. Now she was well into borrowed time. And nothing was going to change that. Not any medicine or treatment or prayers. Not the gift I took out of my jacket. Her eyebrows furrowed as the scented air drifted. Impossibly perfumed. "What... what is it?" "A gift." She'd long been enamoured by the plants in the picture books we borrowed, back when her eyes were sky-blue and open. Roses, she said, were the prettiest of all. Too pretty to exist. Perhaps, I'd said, that's why they didn't anymore. God had been jealous of them. I didn't tell her of the bombs, not that day. Of the forever night that had swallowed us. Not from God's jealousy, but mankind's greed. I didn't tell her of the clouds of radiation that drifted invisible and left so many charred and ill. I'd promised one day to take her to see real flowers, in the biodomes, or their skeletal remains that sat behind thick walls of glass in the museums. But it was a promise I'd broken; one that I could never have afforded to keep. And she would never see this flower either. "Careful," I said, placing the stem between her fingers. "There are thorns." Her mouth widened as she traced her way up it, fingertips probing, purposefully exploring every sinew. Her other hand tenderly cradled its roots. "It's... real." She brought the flower close to her face and sniffed. "It's orange," she thrilled. "Isn't it?" "Like sunset. I found it on the hillock, hidden between two dead trees. Perhaps they fed it as they rotted." She looked at me and said, almost amused, "Sometimes there's good in death, Papa. But I think it's not always easy to find." Then she was silent, keeping the flower by her nose, grinning broadly, as if the smell had returned her sight, as if it had taken her to a field and she was surrounded by a hundred flaming flowers. Finally, her fingers crept back down the rose; she pressed her forefinger against a thorn until it drew a single drop of blood. She didn't flinch; the pain nothing compared to that of her condition. Then, she said, "Replant it." "I brought it for you." "And it's the best gift I could have had. Truly. But please replant it now, back where you found it." I paused, uncertain, "It deserves to live, Papa." So do you, I wanted to say. Instead, I took the plant and placed it tenderly in my jacket. 