
The metal walkway up into the ship is thin and lined with people. Each crew member is hugging and saying goodbye to their loved ones. There are three, Miles Jones, when he sits he is still taller than most men, his skin is a dark maple, and his wife and children all latch onto him as the radio booms "Launch in 25 minutes." Then there is Christian Garin, she presses her forehead up against her boyfriends and whispers words back and forth, her long red hair blowing wildly and getting looped around the man she's kissing's neck locking them in together. She leans in and kisses him one last time and whispers I love you as the radio fills the air "Launch in 20 minutes." Finally there is Harris Pledger. A shorter man who sits in the waiting room inside snacking on a bag on tiny cookies he got from the vending machine. He has loose curly hair that covers up his ears and freckled that cover up the rest of his face. There is no woman beside him or children crawling onto of him. In fact he has no family so he sits alone as the radio in the room chips "Launch in 15 minutes, begin boarding now." The three crew members settle their things in the cabin of the ship and head towards the control deck. They are familiar with every inch of this place. The frosty chrome panels all light up with different flashing colors each representing something unique. One large window spreads across the entire nose giving an almost 180 degree view of whats ahead of them. There are three chairs centered in the room, one off to the right which Harris finds himself in, this chair is mostly filled with screens and controls. Harris is comfortable here, he is the computers guy after all. To the left is Christian, a desk filled with tools for mapping their location amongst managing their supplies is in front of her. And last Miles, who sits in the middle chair looking directly out the large window. The only thing obstructing his view is a small pedestal that opens up into an emergency control station. The crew straps themselves in and miles can feel the sweat in his palms build up against the sleek armrest of the chair. "Alright, you ready?" He says, almost uncertain he is himself. The crew nods "yes sir." The radio plays one last time "Launch in 20..15..10" and the crew all together "4.. 3.. 2.. 1." It has been 10 years since their descent into space. As planned everything is going smoothly. The first ever humans to make it past Pluto. There isn't much to see though, the crew members fill most of their time working out and telling stories. The first few years were fine, they were close enough to still enjoy internet connectivity and regular conversation with those they left at home. But since then its only a few times a week when the satellites light up properly and they can send messages back. The messages are usually about the readings and records they are keeping between calls so there is rarely time for casual conversation. The crew sits in the deck as its about time to receive news from earth. Patiently they stare at a screen until finally it lights up and miles accepts the call. "Hello sir, we've been e..." miles is cut off. The crew his face opens wide as he stares out the large glass window. "Hello, Miles, do you copy?" nothing, the crew all looks forward as the glass window seems to be stretching out. Pulling itself away from the nose of the ship. "Miles come in, can you establish a connection?" The voice from the screen requests. The crew look in disbelief. No. The window isn't stretching. Its the darkness surrounding it that is stretching. Thousands of stars pull away from each other slowly. Tiny plants morph from perfect spheres into blobs of paint scattered across a canvas. A cloth canvas that is pulled tighter and tighter until its giving so much resistance things cant possible pull anymore. Another moment passes and the ship breaks though. They are surrounded in white light, blinding then from all directions. The crew sits against the floor of the deck. Miles screams "Captain! can you hear me!" Nothing plays over the radio. a black mists walks in front of the blinding light granting the crew the ability to see just enough to look at each other in fear. "Dial down the intelligence another notch more" A loud voice booms from everywhere. "People wont buy it if their pets keep breaking out." 