
I try to remember life before. Trying to form the details I keep forgetting. I can remember the life I had and the people I shared it with. I can remember their faces. My family and friends all around me. Waiting with tear filled eyes for the last moments to come. I remember smiling up at them, feeling their love cover me with warmth just as my eyes began to droop. More than them, I can still feel your last kiss, my greatest love giving me one last batch of butterfly's. Your lips, pressed gently against my own. I remember feeling my heart starting to stop, its last few beats like a distant drum slowly shrinking into silence. And suddenly my new begining. My new reality. A galaxy of me myself and I. Everything I've ever wanted to do and be I can now. I could build the greatest society ever dreamed of, then I could burn it all to the ground just to watch the ashes. I could forge mountains and pour out seas. I could cause endless war or everlasting peace. This is my time, my infinite possibility brimming at my finger tips. And I don't want it. I want more than this. I want one more day, just one. I want to sleep, like when I was young and filled with youth. I want one more trip, to climb across the world and right back again. I want to watch the sun fall against the horizon, and witness the tapestry of stars above. One more drink, one more laugh, one more kiss. I want to feel you with me, the warmth of your skin against mine. I want to live. I could have it all here if I wanted. I could try to imagine my old world and bring it back to me. But that would be a lie. A distant truth I once knew intimately that I can slowly feel myself forgetting. I would give every second here, every ounce of my God like power for just one damn day. One more insignificant, stupid day, that I can live again. But I'll stay here. I'll build what I want or burn it all away. And slowly I'll forget you. I'll forget that first look we shared. I'll forget that way you held my hand, or the way you laughed at my dumb jokes. The way your eyes sparkled at me, or how you look when you just wake up. I'll forget it all. I'll forget our story. And one day, I'll be ready to walk through the gates into my true death. But for now I remember. I remember us, for as long as I possibly can. It's all I have left. 