
A single human concert on a backwater planet is capable of throwing an entire solar system into bloody anarchy. The danger also grew exponentially when dealing with the genre known as "rock" which, unfortunately for Gorak, was incredibly popular on his planet as of late. As minister of foreign affairs and a respected member of the Galactic Federation Council, he couldn't just simply ban the upcoming performance since it would make him look prejudiced, which put him in the tricky situation of having to dissuade these humans from playing without exposing the extent of their powers to themselves. Gorak sighed, exiting the turbolift. A guitar melody echoed down the corridor, smacking him across the face. His body throbbed in discomfort the closer the music got to a climax and, to his horror, he found himself enthralled until it ended. When he found the courage to enter the meeting room, he could only whisper: "Fuck." The room stank of alcohol. Pizza clung to the ceiling and soot stained every surface imaginable. Gorak blinked in dismay at the mess. They had only been in this room for twenty minutes. Gorak frowned. No. His people wouldn't go down like this. Not if he had anything to say about it. The band, of course, hadn't even noticed his presence. They treated him like an attendant until he regained his composure and said: "I'm the minister of foreign affairs. We need to establish some rules before you enter the planet." The one holding a guitar raised an eyebrow. "Boo!" said a particularly hairy one sitting across the table. "Calm down Russ," said the apparent leader, "we can't do the gig if we don't get along." Gorak straightened up. Maybe they could be reasonable. "Very well, errmh, first of all, you aren't allowed to directly speak to the audience or deviate from your lyrics. At all. You can only sing what you submitted." The guitarist frowned. "That's bullshit" said the hairy one. The leader chuckled. "Fine." "Second, you won't be allowed to see, or be seen by, the audience. You'll be enclosed in a room without a video feed." "What?!?" said the guitarist. The hairy one stood up, but the leader stopped him, saying: "Wait!" He turned to Gorak. "Can we at least keep our pyro? We gotta give *something* to the crowd." Gorak forced a smile. "Sure..." The hairy one sat down again. "And lastly, we would like you to thank the government of Dacrosie for being so accommodating." The guitarist rolled his eyes. "Whatever." The hairy one shrugged. "What?" The leader narrowed his eyes. "No!" The guitarist chuckled. "What's the problem Paul? I thought we needed to get along." "Yeah..." The hairy one smirked. "This isn't a big deal." "Fuck off! I'm the one who actually has to say it!" Gorkad did his best to hide his excitement. The plan was working! "We would never want you to go against your ideals. If the request is too much, we can cancel the event with no problems. You'll still get your payday and we'll even craft a cover story that doesn't make the band look bad." The band members all looked at each other, even the bassist, who had been in a corner this whole time without bringing attention to himself. "Nah" said the leader. "We're good." "A-are you sure?" "Yup" said the guitarist. "We know what you're up to." Gorak stiffened up. Did they know the secret of their music? "Yeah," said the hairy one, "you're just as prejudiced as the other planets. Fake smiles, passive-aggressive, treating us like we're idiots." Gorak almost fainted. This was a worst case scenario. He needed to alert the council. The leader then said: "You think we're greedy douche bags just because we're human!" Gorak paused. Relief flushed his system when he processed the words. They just thought he was bribing them because he didn't like their music. "N-no, I would never-" "We're gonna play no matter what. End of discussion. We'll do anything you ask. Jerry will even suck your cock on stage... if you have one." The bassist squinted in disgust. "Eh?" "Yeah!" said the hairy one. "Jerry will do anything for the band. He's ride or die." "I am not-" said the bassist. "*Anything*" emphasized the guitarist. "I hate all of you." Gorak left the room bewildered. They agreed to all the rules so everything should work out just fine, but he couldn't help but feel worried about their tone. It was almost like they were aware something else was going on. That didn't make sense, though. If they knew what they could do, why wouldn't they just try to conquer the galaxy? After the show ended, Gorak found the answer as he escaped the planet in tears. Humans cared more about expressing themselves than anything else. They wanted to share that sense of freedom with every other species, even at the cost of personal safety. This artistic integrity was admirable, and equally terrifying, since it drove them to rebel in the face of authority with uncanny creativity. As soon as the band got ready to perform, they used their pyrotechnics to blow up the wall between them and the audience, got the crowd to chant "Fuck Minister Gorak" when the organizers cut the mics, and started a riot with their opening song that spread throughout the planet as the concert continued. ------------------ >If you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stuff over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories. Thanks for reading! 