
They all tell me I'm crazy. I'm not crazy. I'm sensible. It sounds cliche, I mean, what crazy person doesn't think they're perfectly sane? But it's true, there's something wrong with the world. Deeply, deeply wrong. It's always been this way, always will be. I don't know why the world's always been wrong, but it has. It shouldn't be this way, never should've. Why is the world so wrong? Well, it comes down to one thing. Physics. The way the world works. The way everything makes sense. I adore the field of physics, absolutely love it. Physics makes sense. You see, it's all very simple, all very simple... physics comes in Laws. The Laws dictate how everything works. When this is this, that is that. The force of gravity goes *down*. When you punch someone with the force of a freight train you can't just shrug it off without a scratch, and you can't make something out of nothing! ... But *my* physics is not this world's physics. The people around me believe in *fantasies,* they accept flying men, super strength and supernatural powers of creation like it's a perfectly normal thing! Absurd. Unthinkable. Their scientists explain it away with arbitrary math and foreign rules. They have the *audacity* to tell me that that's the way it's always been! It doesn't click. Doesn't work. I've tried, too. I've really tried to explain it to them all, how these physics of theirs couldn't possibly work, how it was illogical according to the Laws that governed all things. They all said no, said how they didn't know who this Antoine Whosit was or what this Einstein guy did. It's always been like this from the beginning. Like my head was plucked from a better, more sensible world. When I was in high school, I excelled in everything. Algebra, English, all of it. It was child's play to me, I flew past them effortlessly. But the one thing I struggled with the most was also the one thing that was my passion. Physics. The physics classes flew straight over my head. I failed every single one of my physics tests. They all said that I was just too delusional for my own good. That I was smart but couldn't look past my petty fantasies about "Newton this" or "Electron that" or just about any other modicum of sense I tried to pour into their fool heads. I was about to go insane, and I started to think that maybe, just maybe, *I* was the one who had gone awry, maybe I was what was wrong with the world. Until it all finally, *finally* clicked into place when I started lab experimentation in my second semester during junior year. You see, I had a real knack for labs. I could've done them all day. They were my new favorite thing in the entire world. Because in my regular lessons, there was always something intrinsically *wrong* with what the teachers taught. But the labs made sense. I carried them out, and things happened as they should have. Physics finally made sense. So, nothing went awry, and my labs went well, right? **Wrong.** My classmates snickered and the teachers were bewildered when they saw my lab reports. My results were nonsensical to *them.* Think about that! Turned out, up was down and down was up when it came to *my* tests. No matter how many times they made me repeat them, my tests always seemed to defy their illogical notions of science. I realized I *could* make sense out of the world. That Laws could be enforced if I simply *made it be.* That's when I decided I would fix the problems that I saw. I would make things make sense again, and I would be happy, because all would be right with the world. Corrections. That's all they were. Corrections. When I was confronted by Elementio while I was making "adjustments" to a laboratory, the Laws ordained that his abilities simply could not be. One couldn't create earth or water or fire out of absolutely nothing when there was a Law that plainly said that mass could not be created nor destroyed. A couple of bludgeons from an bat took him down quick enough. When I imprisoned hundreds of this world's physicists in my lair to try to talk some sense into them, Strength Man, true to his name, shattered into a hundred gory fragments when he punched down my lair's reinforced doors, meeting an equal and opposite force equivalent to the hundreds of kilotons of force he exerted. When I was executing my plans to regulate the entire world's gravity to a constant, Aviara, bless her soul, thought she could defy my physics and take me down if she flew high enough. Guess what? You can't! *Splat, boom.* Took the drop and sudden stop. The Law said she couldn't fly, and so she didn't. You may think I'm unhinged, that I'm crazy, mad, gone insane. But oh, what can I do? *What can I do?* I can't return to wherever my foreign physics came from. The world where everything is good and makes sense and is rational, logical, and is where I belong. It's not possible. I am here, and here I stay. Because out of every stupid, outrageous and silly rule that exists in this god forsaken world, there's not *one* that dictates that you can travel to another dimension. Imagine that?! So, this message is to make a point. I might be crazy to you, I might be a villain of the utmost villainousness in your society... but I'm simply following the only thing I know what's right. I'm simply correcting a wrong in a world that is full of them. Physics are Law. Superheroes break that Law. So really, when it comes down to it, all I'm doing is just eliminating the lawbreakers. *Ahahah... Ahahahahahahahahaha!* It's that simple! What's so wrong with that? What's so wrong with the world? 