
"Hey cripple, how's that power of nothingness going for you?" Dean Thompson yelled out. They all laughed. I was sitting up on the empty bleachers reading a book as he and the rest of the football team walked from the field after evening practice. I'm not actually physically disabled by the way, it's just what jocks call anyone whose struggling at the W.D. Institute of Superior Learning, especially students like me who have yet to develop a superpower. My parents sent me here because it's supposedly the best superpower school in the country, but I hate it. The school claims that all students are expected to have identified several superpowers of interest within their first year, and by the second year they should be totally dedicated to developing a power they wish to possess throughout their life. It's a high achieving institution and students are expected to go on to big things after they graduate. I'm half way through my second year and still haven't found my power. I just don't know what I want to do. Everyone seems so confident about themselves but I can't escape the sense that I'm not good enough for a superpower. I can't shake the fear that I'll never be good enough for whatever power I choose and I won't be able to exploit it like I'm meant to. Everyone at school knows I'm the chief dropkick and people like Dean Thompson aren't shy about letting me know. Some whisper as I walk down the corridors, others laugh. The only escape I have is the restricted section at the old library. For the last few months I've been sneaking in at night and reading about the advanced and unusual powers that have been long since forbidden. I've read dozens of books about DNA manipulation, alleged immortality, mind control, along with a couple featuring fat red R18 stickers all over the covers. I'd almost read through the entire section when I came across the most peculiar book yet. It was almost as if it had been purposefully hidden behind the two most boring sounding books in the whole library; *Unsuitable Powers of Persuasion* and *Kryptonite - Why it works.* The peculiar book was titled *The Holy Grail* and outlined an ultimate power that has existed for millennia. It said that for most of human history, a single person has held a superpower so powerful that other superpowers cease to exist. Indeed the book explained that this was the superpower. It went on to say that for generations this power had been carefully passed on, leading to the eventual extinction of superpowers other than in the stories we used to tell. Then something unexplained happened and the super powered floodgates opened. I was gripped. I read the whole book in a single night and by this morning I was brushing up on the incantation to give myself the power. It turns out that because this superpower can only be held by a single person, it's actually relatively easy to learn. As I worked through the words, I was sure this was my answer, that this was the only way my life would ever improve. I looked up from the incantation and gazed at the green turf glowing under the floodlights, *But how did this book avoid getting burnt during the Great Bonfire of Enlightenment? Who saved it and why?* I noticed movement in the distance. Another second year student named Michelle was sprinting around the track, jumping high above evenly spaced hurdles as she ran. I chuckled as I thought about her choice of power. I looked down again and scanned over the words one more time. Then I took a deep breath and muttered them under my breath. Michelle, who had just landed from a 10 foot jump over a hurdle, crashed straight into the next one. As I watched, she slowly stood up and looked around, then tried a standing jump. Her jump was pathetic and she knew it. She tried again, then again and again. Even from this distance I could sense the panic rising within her. I felt a shiver go down my spine as I looked at the book. It worked. I tucked it into my bag then headed down the benches. Just as I was closing the gate, Dean Thompson and another jock called Robbie Jackson came running from the tunnel towards me. Dean was still zipping up his fly. "You missed it but the TV said someone had activated a forbidden power or something," Robbie said to Dean, "they didn't give details but they reckon it's gotta be someone with a massive arsenal of traditional firepower so they're asking everyone to keep an eye out." My phone started wailing. Their phones did too. It was an emergency alert. I looked down and read, "*Remain calm and be vigilant. All citizens are asked to join in the global hunt for an unknown person suspected of temporarily blocking superpowers. Further information to follow."* Dean and Robbie looked up and saw me. "Hey numbnuts, least you don't have to worry huh? Nothing for you to lose!" Dean said with a scoff. I shrugged and said nothing. "Come on, let's search the mall first," Dean said to Robbie as they started running onto the field. 