
As I walked in front of each gate, my head split with the memories of career fairs and the maze of booths to pave a path for my future. Wait, pain? A headache? I died. The reaper guided me here, why am I feeling pain? "You must've arrived recently," declared a smart-dressed man as he approached me. I eyed him and the gates behind him. Marble pillars, Corinthian, maybe? Not like I ever remembered when I saw them in paintings or pictures. The man was pale but still had a tinge of olive skin and Mediterranean features. Reaching out with my hand, "David, nice to meet you. How could you tell?" "Your eyes glazed a bit, you winced, then your face contorted in confusion. I'm guessing that you expected no pain. I've seen it countless times before. Hades. Sit, chat with me, you have the time now." His voice was deep and smooth and persuasive without being commanding. I felt compelled to sit with him. "What's going on around here?" "Observe. What seems to be happening?" "It looks like a recruitment drive...for the afterlife?" "Correct. I'm glad to know you're intelligent. Now, why do you think you're here?" "Well, I wasn't religious and didn't believe in God, or any god. I was kinda convinced to be more open-minded which made me realize that I never thought about religion, so how could I know anything? From then on, I've been agnostic. Hopeful that whatever the truth was, this world wouldn't tear itself apart from it. Granted, I think the truth was much needed when I hit my 30's." "Ya know Hades, ya keep 'avin heart-ta-hearts wit 'em, ya'll ne'er get'em in there!" The callout came from literal left-field. We both turned to see another deity approaching. This one reminded me of a hippie-surfer dude but smelled more earthy and somehow the light made it hard to look at him. The thought immediately was replaced with fear as I made eye-contact with the crow on his shoulder. I couldn't look away and soon my whole body started to tense up. I didnt even know what I could do. Fight? Against gods?! What are they gonna do, kill me? Run? Better option, but from what? I'm going to have to see them again, plus they could chase me down easily. "Don't frighten tha poor lad. Sorry bout that. Name's Lugh. Part of the Tuatha De Danaan. So whatcha speaken to this spooky bastard for?" "David, and I'm just trying to get my bearings. But I think I got it: go up and talk to a god about joining the afterlife from that pantheon." The crow ruffled itself and spoke in a soothing, almost sultry, voice: "You're partly there. We are trying to sell our afterlife to you. No need to apply and try to get in. If you want it, go after it." When she said this, my mind started racing. Did my parents come through here? Where would they have gone? What about my wife? What if I waited for her? My kids?! What do I remember about all the afterlifes I know about from weird phases I had as teen and young adult? What did I want then? What do I want now?! "What do I want? What do I want?" I whispered to myself. Tears started to well up and trail down my face. After all this time, I still couldn't answer this simple question. Now, I have potentially an eternity to still not know. I stood without a word and walked back toward the entrance of the hall of gates. It didn't faze me how rude I was to three extremely powerful deities. I just walked listlessly back to where this all started. As I arrived at what seemed to be the entrance, how I wish this was an exit, the reaper who brought me appeared with another recently passed soul. We all startled each other, but she managed to get the other soul to continue on into hall. No words between any of us and we just stood watching the hustle and bustle. "Don't know what you wanna do?" The reaper finally spoke up; I bet she was used to awkward silences. "No. There's so much. Do I wait? Do I go to-" "Stop." She held up a hand, paused, and then gestured toward the void she came from. "Would you mind helping me?" "Sure........do I need a scythe or robes?" "You gonna be a pain in my ass, aren't you?" 