
This scythe emanates an inexplicable energy. It resonates with the souls of thousands, as though struggling to escape its confines. It is an artifact of unspeakable power, and I have no clue as to why I am its master now. All I know is that Death, in his mysterious ways, sneaked up to the door of my hovel one night and left the scythe in my hands as I struggled to remain awake. Then it hits me. I have just turned 18. The 18th gift, as society calls it, is a monumental occasion in everyone's lives. They get a special gift to help them in need, be it mystical or mundane, and almost always a weapon. People my age have received bows, swords, spears and the like, but usually as a family heirloom. It's usually what keeps peasants like myself going, to know that whenever we need it, there is a weapon for every man and woman. The familiar bell tolls from the lord's manor. It's time for us peasants to get to work. Today is the harvest season, and we are to collect the field's blessings. Some of it will go to us, a lot of it will go to the lord, but extra food is a small price to pay for protection. This feudal system has existed forever and it will never die. I stare at my old scythe, dulled and bent from overuse. I look at the new gift, as light in weight as it is dark in shade, and elect to try the scythe of Death today. The other peasants stare, affixed, by the scythe as I carry it onto the field, some eventually screaming and turning away. Perhaps they see something in it that I don't. Perhaps their relatives' deaths, writhing in agony, are forever reflected in the sheen of the blade, for I wasn't there for the deaths of my parents, and I can never see it. As the first swing takes effect, the crops instantly shrivel and rot when the blade makes contact. The screaming, however, has attracted the attention of the lord's small detachment of men-at-arms, who surround me in a circle. What else am I to do but to take a second swing? The soldiers fall, their souls being dragged into the blade. Some more come, and score some hits on me, but I cannot die, for the scythe is mine, and for it to absorb me would be absurd. The sun sets. I figure that I can no longer find my future in this village, and walk the old dirt path. 12 miles to the nearest town, they say. 12 miles is a long time to think. What do I use the scythe for, if not for my old life? When would I be in the right to use it? Would I ever, one day, look into its reflective blade and see the souls of my dearly departed parents? All I know is that this gift was available when I was in need, and it will continue to be. 