
"WORRY NOT, CITIZEN, FOR I AM HERE TO SAVE YOU!" "Really?" I said, annoyed, spitting out a chunk of burger, "Do I look like I'm in peril?" I waved at my surroundings. An N64, HDTV and snacks surrounding me while the Goldeneye theme played in the background. Dr. Death (Terry Styles) was on his feet, wiping away grease on his uniform and trying to both adjust his facemask and pull out his laser. "You've clearly been brainwashed by this nefarious villain!" Captain Mighty continued. Wiping off cement and metal shards of the thick roof he'd just smashed through from his yellow and red spandex suit. "This isn't even the first time this week! You've been here before to rescue me from the same guy seven times this year! I've sent letters to your guild, I've phones, I've started an online petition and talked to each of you heroes individually!" "Well... but..." "I'm not finished! Why do you even care? I'm distracting a Dr. Death, a very successful," "Thanks, man," "Criminal by playing video games. Hours a week we spend doing harmless things and you idiots break in here constantly!" "Well a bunch of other villains are on their way here, this is clearly going to be a planning session for a huge crime!" "Or, and hear me out, we're going to be playing our WEEKLY DnD session! WEEKLY! You guys barge in here and screw everything up, it's freaking annoying!" "Calm down, Garret," Said Dr. Death, "He's just doing his job. Technically he can always come and arrest me." I wheeled to face my friend, who cringed. "You stay out of this!" Captain Mighty started floating up, trying to escape back through the ceiling, "You don't just get to fly away, not from this! I flashed him a copy of the petition." "What's that?" "It's the petition, friends of criminals who are suing you and your ilk for harassment! We intend to prove your nefarious intents to prevent reformation of Super Villains by deliberately attacking when they're interacting with civilians and preventing them from experiencing a life outside of their law-breaking." The Captain was slack jawed and accepted the copy, it was large and stapled together. He flew away sheepishly, one step closer to the completion of my plan. My villain friends had been able to afford a really good lawyer. I was going to get Tuesdays shored up as DnD night for sure this time! 