
Honor and justice were words for politicians. Eraser had always believed in a single driving force to his heroism and that was efficiency. If the name was catchier, he would've called himself Factory Man, instead, he took the name Eraser for his powers in wiping villain's identities. He took not just their memories, but the memories of all who knew them, rendering them a completely blank slate. Albeit a powerful one. What the world did with those people after he wiped their memories, he couldn't care less. Hot-faced politicians screamed about retribution. Make those bastards pay for what they took ten times over. Stern-voiced suits talked of rehabilitation. People couldn't be punished for a crime they no longer remembered. In the end, America settled on the Reawakening Program, a half-assed rehabilitation center with nightmare conditions. Neither side won and nobody was happy. Though, that was the beauty of democracy. Eraser had his own condo on Lazarus Island, the host of the Reawakening Program. Five days out of the week except for holidays and paid time off, the government stocked him here. Long ago, all the great supervillains had been erased and reawakened. Now, only the small fish remained and there were other heroes far more suited to handling those. The doorbell rang and Eraser sighed. He hadn't even finished his morning coffee yet. "Mr. Eraser," came Sarah's voice. She was an intern fresh from college and still treated him with something resembling politeness. "We have the first batch ready." If the name was catchier, he was sure the government would have also call him Factory Man, due to how he was simply a cog in the reawakening process. "Sir?" she asked when he gave no reply. "Would you like me to come back another time?" He flipped through old newspapers. He had requested it to read stories about himself. It was pathetic really, but not as pathetic as the current state of affairs. The world's greatest hero now working on some memory altering production line. "No, no," he said. "I'll be ready." "Would you like the profiles? We have a mix of villains today, ranging from unpermitted protests to small theft to even--" "No," he said, cutting her off. It didn't matter who the villains were. There was a system for vetting them and he trusted in it. It wasn't his job anymore to pass judgment, not for Factory Man. "Okay," Sarah said, "Should I... wait here?" "I can find my own way." "Sure." But she stayed at the door. He could hear how hard she was breathing. "Sir?" "What?" he spat. Patience was a virtue for the young. The old didn't have enough time for it. A newspaper clipping slid under the door. Curious, Eraser took it and scanned the headlines. The Great Reset, it read, with a giant picture of a younger him. His brow furrowed, staring at the picture. His cheeks were tighter, his eyes sharper, and his hair a burning red. He didn't remember a time before his beer belly and faded eyes, yet here he was, chiseled. "You reset the world," Sarah said. "At least, you tried to. You saw that it wasn't right. Violence, hate, war, disease, inequality, the world needed a fresh start. You even reset yourself." He only half-heard her words, his eyes were too busy flitting across the newspaper article. It called him the Soul Eater for leaving people empty after their battles. His heart skipped and his tongue curled around those words in familiarity. Soul Eater. "But a few people escaped," she continued. "And with the world a blank slate, they did with it as they pleased. It's even worse than before. It's all wrong." "So... you were one of those people that escaped?" The door opened and Sarah stood in front of it, lockpick in hand. She looked like Soul Eater from the newspaper clippings, her eyes just as sharp, and her hair just as bright. "Of course," she said. "Because I inherited your powers." 