
I'm not sure how Ted noticed that I was a demon. It might have been the little horn protrusions on my head. It might have been my grimace when he used cursed phrases like *holy cow* or *Jesus fucking Christ* or *God damn*. They made my skin red and tingly like a nice little cloud of poison ivy dust. That's a tried and true method of torture we sometimes used, by the way. Ted was an asshole, figuratively. Only in Hell do the shittiest people become literal assholes. I escaped Hell when I was just a young imp, about a hundred and forty-three years old. Nothing but a child, so naive and so ready to face the world. It wasn't that there was anything particularly wrong with Hell. It was warm, the food was fresh and the work was more or less rewarding, at least if partaking in sadistic torture constitutes a reward. I just felt like I could do more with my life than torture deceased humans and possess the occasional child in futile attempts to extort the church. So I zapped over to Earth. Just a little step across dimensions and I was in a human suit, all zipped up and ready to go. A demon in a human suit has to eat what humans eat, so I had to find a job. The local grocery store was hiring, so that brought me here. Working with Ted with his pervy little mustache and those weasel-y eyes and raspy voice. "Go restock the salt," Ted snapped. I sighed. He was flaunting it, of course, seeing how close he could edge to other people discovering my true form. I couldn't stand the thought of my little secret getting out. I had a girlfriend, we had a black cat, a dog that she thought only had one head... Everything was really shaping up for a young imp here on Earth. And I couldn't restock the salt. Not without throwing on a hazmat suit. "I can't, Ted. Back problems. You wouldn't want to have to pay out that workers comp..." He rolled his eyes. "You can take your workers comp and shove it up your butt, demonboy. I'll fucking pentagram you over there, buddy," he hissed. "I'll bind you to the register until we close." We don't close. We're open 24 hours. He had already pentagrammed me into work that morning. I had called in sick. Stuffy nose or something, I forget what I tried to use as an excuse. "Not a problem," Ted had said. I had gone back to bed satisfied that I could sleep in and enjoy my day off. Fifteen minutes later, I was standing in the cereal aisle on a poorly assembled pentagram made of Cheerios, still in my pyjamas. "You marking that down as lost? Stolen?" I had asked. He cackled, giving me his best impersonation of evil. I'd give it a 3 out of 7 at best. "It's coming out of your paycheck, buddy. Consider it the cost of gas." I sighed. I would be walking home. I couldn't have my girlfriend pentagramming me home. "Why you gotta be such a dick, Ted?" I asked him. Those eyes turned an ominous and familiar shade of black and he cackled again, the more sinister sound echoing through the grocery store aisles. Perfect 5 out of 7 this time. "You didn't think it would be that easy to escape Hell, did you?" "Daddy?" I whispered softly as I recognized him. I bowed in reverent respect and to encourage him to forgive me. He must have delegated all his Satanic duties to focus on hunting me down and making my life here Hell. Ted gave me a bewildered look and his eyes went back to normal. "What?" He scoffed. "I'm not your fucking dad, you creepy demon. You just can't skip work for no reason. Get to work now." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 