
The afterlife isn't what you think it is. There's no pearly gates. No Saint Peter to greet you and talk about your life. The afterlife begins in a cold, white room, with a glowing screen. When I died, the screen read: "Alfred Jerry Spillman. Final karma: 18." Below that were two options: "Spend," and "Give." A soft, neutral sounding voice then intoned, "Welcome to the afterlife. You must make your choice how to distribute your earned karma. You may either spend it to improve the quality of your afterlife, or you may donate it to a newborn to improve his or her life." And that's all there is. You can ask questions, but you won't get any answers. No clarifications, nothing. I stared at the screen a while, and finally settled on "Give." I figured 18 karma didn't sound like very much, so I might as well give it to someone else in the hope that they make more of their life that I did. When I pressed the button, the screen glowed white. It got brighter and brighter until I couldn't see anything. When I could finally focus my eyes again, I was wrapped up in a little blanket, in the arms of a woman looking down at me. "Hello," she said softly. And somehow I knew, this was my new mother. I had been reborn. But somehow still had all of my memories. This was my chance. An opportunity to not only do better with my own life, but to make the world a better place. If the world learned that there really was a cosmic scoreboard, maybe that could be an end to war. To poverty. Famine. All of the evils that plague this world. My parents must have sensed who I was. That I was different. That's really the only explanation for why they named me the way they did. But I refused to be deterred. I had seen the afterlife, and had the chance to tell the world about it. So I grit my teeth every time I meet someone, hoping that once we get through the introductions, maybe they'll listen to me about what comes next. But it always goes the same. "Hi there little boy, what's your name?" And then I sigh. "Cliche. My name is Cliche." Then whoever it is laughs hysterically. And they don't take anything I say after that seriously. ***** [Pubby's Creative Workshop](https://www.reddit.com/r/Pubby88) 