
The chief benefit of the supernatural, being a category containing your average ghost, ghoul or minor deity, is that issues of practicality are rarely given the time of day. Consider the following hypothetical; how many spirits can you stuff into a house? They won't take up any space, seeing as they lack any physical form (or, to put it more politely, they are *materially* *challenged*). No, the limiting factor of ghost co-habitation is how annoyed they'd get with one-another when asked to share a room. A Human's bubble of personal space only increases after death. It's something to do with the gases, I would imagine. Regardless of the reasoning, the dead's distaste for each other was starting to cause problems for the living. Heaven was empty. Hell was deserted. Purgatory had put up an 'out to lunch' sign. The Earth, however, was absolutely *heaving*. God was in trouble, and so the sum of his creation had been scooped up and placed in an evidence locker. The dead were forced to mingle with the living, the countless number of ghosts jostling each other and complaining loudly. It had hit the Angles the hardest; they had been led to believe that all their troubles were behind them, what with owning permanent residence in Heaven. The Demons at least were having a bit of fun with it. This had all proven quite a shock to humanity who, due to their physical bodies and ability to hold pens, were given the job of filling out all the paperwork. For every sentient being that had ever existed on Earth. God sat in the court room and looked particularly wrathful. He (as far as he was a 'he', and not in fact an 'it', or otherwise) felt this had all gone rather too far. Catching a glance over to the prosecution bench, he saw the form of Gabradon the almighty, 'Destroyer of plains and Herald of the Eternal Flame.' "Prick," muttered God. Gabradon had been his roommate in University, and back then he was just plain old 'Gabby'. The whole 'Destroyer of blah blah blah' stuff was something he'd added on later to impress girls, or the celestial equivalent thereof. "Prick," God repeated, slightly louder. Gabradon pretended not to hear him. God's legal counsel shushed him, though not without reverence. There had been some debate as to whether to use a Bishop or Priest to represent the almighty in court, but given his distaste for most Human religious figures God had instead chosen Sarah Chalmers, a practicing attorney in Ipswich. It was a wildcard choice, but nobody was brave enough to challenge it. The prosecution, a nasally Human-shaped thing, was walking backwards and forwards in front of the witness, a regular Human-shaped Human. "And are you aware," the prosecution continued, "Miss Person, that you share at least 90 percent of your genetic code with what you would call a '*banana*'?" The woman, 'Miss Person', stuttered. "W... What? I mean, I think I heard it on the radio once..." "He heard it," said the prosecution, turning around and putting a finger in the air, "on the *radio*. A public communication device, for those unfamiliar with this species. Common knowledge, then. Would you say that it shows a certain lack of imagination, Miss Person?" Person gulped, not quite knowing what to say next. "... But, it's because everything evolved from..." She didn't get to finish her statement. The court room gasped as a single being. Gabradon looked smug. "*Evolution!*" the prosecution yelled. "The deity of this little planet used *Evolution* to create all creatures, great *and* small, let me remind you, in his domain! No craftsmanship. No artisan touches. The laziest possible path for a creator to take." The prosecution leaped forward towards the jury, a collection of cosmic gases who were starting to look rather diffuse. God braced himself for the worst. "I propose to you, entities of the jury," he continued, "that while sharing a room with my client, Mister God stole his personal project, the Rhouman Race, and took the genetic code to his own world. Along the way he diluted the genetics, plopped some goop down in his oceans and waited for the Rhouman template to re-assert itself on the species that developed. Given the fact that my client has *copyrighted* the Rhoumans, I posit that God is in plain breach of celestial copyright laws." God massaged his temples. Gabradon really *was* a prick, and so was his lawyer. It didn't matter that what they were saying was at least partially true, the point was that he was a *prick*. "I propose my client receive full compensation for this breach!" concluded the prosecution. "Further, I propose that the offending species be *erased* from the annals of existence!" Chalmers, sitting next to God in a cold sweat, seemed to pass out for a second. God blasphemed against himself softly. "Okay, okay" said the Judge, a floating light behind a giant podium. "That's enough. Thank you. The prosecution will rest." Gabradon high-fived his attorney, and pumped his arms in a suggestive manner. "Enough of that," the Judge announced. "It will now be the defendant's turn to speak. But first, a quick recess. Those of you with bodily functions, please perform them into the appropriate receptacles. We resume in thirty minutes. Go away." The court room stood up and walked out. The only one still sitting was God, who was continuing to blaspheme. How the super-Hell was he going to get out of this one? 