
I was the new guy at the station. Every day at 0755, I would march out to our stations Mast, thumbs crossed, pressing the National Ensign into my chest. There was always a sense of pride, when it came to doing colors. When the music starts playing over the intercom, popping to attention, quickly hoisting the flag upward then rending a salute. That was of course until today. Today was super different. I marched a little slower that day. A little more gracefully. As soon as the music began, I popped to attention, but the sense of pride was now replaced with great sadness. I felt sadness burrow into my chest as I hoisted the flag quickly to the top. After reaching the top, I slowly raised the flag down to half-mast. Instead of a fast, sharp salute, I slowly saluted as you would during the playing of Taps. When the music stopped, I held the salute for a few seconds, then slowly lowered it to attention, then returned inside. From our stations watchroom, you could see a flag on our local university, which was atop a hill a hundred or so yards away. This was the first time I saw it at half-mast. Everyone knew him. He was perhaps the most known Soldier in the world. He fought bravely for almost the entirety of the war against the Alien race that attempted to attack Earth a decade or so ago. Despite most of his squad dead or dying, he drew fire away from of his squad, and ordered an air strike on himself. Miraculously, he survived. He moved on to tell the tale. Meeting with other wounded vets, writing a book, starring in movies, and even having movies made after him. He was injured during the war, and unexpectedly died from complications of a surgery. The Aliens who attacked, were not completely annihilated. After sustaining heavy losses, they eventually surrendered. They knew of our existence long before we knew of theirs. They studied us and our ways. Even adopted some of the things they liked. However, much like our world, theirs began to die. Pollution, and overpopulation lead to the death of nearly all wildlife and food. Their political leaders believed war is the only option. They believed they would face discrimination on Earth. They believed they would be met with hostile force no matter where from. Maybe they were right. But they entered Earths atmosphere and attempted to attack 5 countries. They attacked the US, China, Russia, Australia, and Canada. They caused quite the death toll. It's been discovered they did not know the capabilities of most of their weapons. Almost all civilian deaths were accidental. War is hell. Surprisingly, the alien race was mostly forgiven. Their former military leaders surrendered with honor. They were humanoid's but had different facial features. Almost like elves. They were much stronger physically, but our superior training and equipment made the ultimate difference. All their armies stood down. Saluted our generals and essentially, they were all taken in as POW's. There were hero's in all branches of service. Only one was awarded the Medal of Honor. The only enlisted person I've had to salute. Meeting him was an honor. He was such a role model, and hero to not only me. But the entire nation. The entire world. Most people loved the movies, his personality, and he was a judge advocate for peace with the aliens after they surrendered. He was immensely popular amongst all. He made soldiers that used to hate the aliens accept them. He was truly one of a kind. I walked into the watchroom, my friend, a BM3 was in watch. He asked if I had seen the news. Something about the flag planted in the moon being sighted at half-mast. There was a live feed of it on the news site. There she was. Half-mast. I was in awe and couldn't believe it. The same night, a alien who spoke our language well, said it was a part of their culture, to adopt ours. Mostly when it came to their military culture. Their warriors did a lot of the thing our troops did. They had their own banner, but a part of their culture was to show respect towards their enemies, so it was more than likely a doing of their people to show respect for a warrior. Despite being an enemy warrior. 