
"A tree can be happy?" I ask. "All trees are happy," Bob says. "But if you think they're happy when you make them - well that makes them happier, Jeung." "But if I paint with my magic, it'd just bring decay." "Dark paint on the right canvas can still bring brightness, like a cozy little shed in a snowstorm." "I don't get it." "You will." And then he's gone again. Silent and still once more. No major is perfect. The shade of a man was hauntingly beautiful, like a brief smile on a sad face. *** Welcome to the Undergut of New Augir. Dark magic churns great machines that grind flesh into mud and bone into dust. Factories spew soot that stains the skies black. Life here is short and painful for the many. It is longer and agonizing for the few. I am the unlucky few. Eye-burning screens are powered by their repeated lives. They shame even the most benign of criminals who are then used to power their own eternal humiliation. The city, in danger of succumbing to the rising sea, protected only by a field of black energy. I seep through moving, dead-eyed folk - zombies that have not faced death yet - and towards the open space beyond the city's limits. The necromancers, the ones that give the newly dead second chances at misery, are mostly gone now. They have been replaced by the dark machines they helped build. Only I remain. These are lands made of sludge and slime. Broken up only by roads that lead outward to other cities like New Augir. But this land will work. I curl my fingers and obsidian energy chills my palm. It is time to raise the dead. From the earth a figure, brown and nightmarish, pierces through bubbling mud. A budding dot of green forms on one if its long, branching tendrils. For the first time in my life, I witness a tree. *** They come. First they wish to learn the forgotten art of necromancy. Even the novices can pull a single blade of grass. In these hazardous lands we build gardens from nothing. First the field mice come, then the deer. We build houses, small ones, and dwell inside them with peace and grace. The men with guns come. Their cold eyes of the many-lived only know their sort of miserable peace, unable to see a future beyond the fog. They bring with them bullets and bombs. It is a sad way to go, bleeding into grass. But with necromancy, you're never truly dead. *** Weeks later, I rise. There's not much left beyond a few sprouts. I cultivate them with my weakened powers and hone them into stark white tulips. I sit there, cross legged, and with the scent of my own decay lingering around me. From smoggy horizons a butterfly flutters. It hovers around me in circles before landing on the tulips. It drinks the nectar. I smile. It's brief. *** hey i'm like not good at this whole "being an internet person thing" but you can follow my profile or something if you like this i guess. idk how to reddit. 