
It would have begun with a single drop. Somewhere, far up in the heavens, a tiny speck, suspended in mid-air, defying nature, defying all order. Then another. Then another. At first, no-one noticed, or if they did, nobody cared. Measurements of abnormally dense, low-hanging clouds were put down to instrumental error or some intern fiddling about with the data. After all, water doesn't just sit there, in midair. It falls down, returns to the springs, the rivers, the oceans, making a journey of up to thousands of years before it feels that same weightlessness once more, rising high up above. But it became impossible to ignore. The sky took on a sparkly, iridescent sheen, and closer examinations could not be contradicted. There were whole puddles of water up there, consisting of millions of raindrops frozen in midair, as if disconnected from time, gravity, reality. Particular patches began to draw tourists, some brilliant shades of green and purple, from some toxic concoction of dissolved chemicals, or perhaps some particularly hardy algae life surviving near the limits of planet Earth. And life went on. Then these patches began to join together, and the water began evaporating at a faster and faster rate. You could practically see the tiny droplets rising up, as if answering a call, even in winter, the rising white mists, when they should have been frozen there on the lake's surface. But the drop in sea level was welcomed, and it was regarded as the success of international measures to reverse global warming. America thought China's ways, though unorthodox, and publicly denied, at least provided a reprieve for those living on the coasts, relieving the stress from already-overcrowded coastal cities. Russia thought the US was meddling with something it didn't understand, but it was working, at the least. New Zealand saw its land borders extend~~, and with the added sheep pens came increasing amounts of profit~~ even to the point of visibility on globes and maps. All was well. Until the water began blocking out the sun. Far above, with each passing day the water layer grew and grew, until it resembled a shallow second ocean, with merely ozone for its seabed, and the water levels kept rising. The various 'seas' began to join together, until finally there was a complete membrane-like bubble enveloping the earth. And the sunlight began to dim, the weak rays, having travelled millions of kilometres through space, faltered against this aquatic shield. But with the water levels lowering back down on earth, the ocean depths became more accessible, leading to extraordinary discoveries, both biological and otherwise. Subjected to the extreme pressure of millions of gallons of water, known substances had morphed into unique, super-substances on the sea bed, with amazing potential for infrastructure and technology. The stock market was booming. A golden age was heralded. Until one day the realisation struck that what goes up must come down. That those trillions of litres of water, stuck far up above our heads, must surely be poised to strike. That the miraculous force holding them in place must surely give way at some point. And there was widespread panic. Governments devoted all their nation's youngest and brightest towards researching the phenomenon. Militaries focused on mechanisms of defending against the impact of the striking of whole oceans' worth of water. Little progress was made. And now not a day went by where fearful glances were not cast towards the heavens, or rather, the ominous, looming presence of the water obscuring it. And all the while, the oceans receded, the rivers dried up, the creeks vanished. And then the grass began to die, then the trees, then whole forests and all the wildlife within. Until all that was left was humanity, eyes fixed resolutely towards the sky, dreading the moments of chaos and confusion that would never come, and all the while the icecaps melted, and the last of their life-sustaining water began to rise up, inexorably, out of reach, as they watched on. (EDIT: New Zealand) 