
"You're sure that's right?" A silence filled the air. People do not like being corrected. Though in this moment, the last thing that Eric could think of was minding his manners. You see moments before this line was spoken, Eric was told by this unassuming Honduran woman that the headline of the story that featured his very face read: >Search For Kidnapped Child Still Ongoing There are many reasons that this caused alarm for Eric. For one, he had little to no idea how this particular picture managed to be shown in a newspaper, as he had no recollection of taking it. Secondly, he was almost positive that he had never knowingly been kidnapped. And third, he was on this vacation to the Honduran resort island of Roatan with his parents. After a moment of disbelief, the Honduran woman confirmed her translation and went on her way, leaving Eric with both a realization and no transportation. He quickly flagged down a taxi and headed straight back to his hotel. *Okay,* he thought, *there has to be a logical explanation to this.* He racked his brain to try and confirm this hypothesis. People *can* look like other people. And surely there's more than one Eric -- of course! He hadn't even checked the name on the paper! He quickly pulled the story up to his face and searched for a name. His frantic energy soon became dormant as, clear as day, he saw his name in the first paragraph of the article. *Eric Alonzo Alvarez.* He calmed himself down. *Don't panic yet,* he thought over and over again. *Let's just ask mom and dad.* "That'll be L 258." The taxi driver's request pulled Eric out of his thoughts and back into reality. He paid with gratuity, grabbed his newspaper and headed into the hotel. In the lobby, the same paper was on a stand. With the same face. And the same headline. In the elevator, a man held that same paper in his hand. In the hallway, that same paper was laid neatly outside of his room. *It's everywhere,* he thought. *Surely they've seen it by now.* To Eric's surprise, his parents were lounging on the balcony, blissfully unaware of his strange morning. A mix of fear and intrigue propelled him towards the balcony door. "Hey, have you guys seen this?" Both turned around to see the headline. The paper. The picture. "Shit." 