
"So, what are the choices again?" I asked the Celestial Advisory and Determination Committee. Sitting before me were representatives of all the afterlives available. From St. Peter to Charon the Ferryman they all stood looking at me, "How do you have time to do this for each person?" "Time is different here," St. Peter said then continued, "Heaven is the place for you! An eternity of soft clouds, harp playing, and just praising the Lord. For all eternity." "A Lord," Buddha suggested, "There are more than one, stop hogging the Lordiness." "Harp playing and clouds," I said, interested, "What else is there?" "That's it!" St. Peter announced proudly. "Hard pass," I said holding my hand up as his face dropped, "Next. What about you." My finger was pointing at who was obviously Satan. "Party's all day. Liquor that flows like a river. Gambling 24 hours a day," He said this all non-nonchalantly and my face brightened. "What he doesn't mention," said Buddha, "The Party is attended by the people you hate the most, the liquor is Miller Lite, and you always lose while gambling." "Buddha!" Satan said simply, "Remind me to sneak snakes into your bed." "Another hard pass," I told Satan and he deflated, "What about you Buddha?" "I offer nothing," the Buddha said, "For I am perfectly content." "Content to screw up everyone's sales pitches, you rotund son of a..." Satan mumbled. "Enough!" This huge warrior yelled and everyone jumped, "Send this puny fool to some afterlife full of sissies and wimps. He is unworthy of Valhalla." "What's that supposed to mean," I said, standing in my chair and bristling, "What's so great about Valhalla?" "Puny fool," the warrior said, "I represent Odin the one-eyed. Even with two eyes I can see you are unworthy. Valhalla is for warriors who died with a weapon in hand in the heat of battle. In its hallowed halls you drink mead all day long and speak of battles past. You begin the day with a fight and end with a fight. It is for men." I looked at Buddha expectantly. He just shrugged, continued smiling, "It's true. Alcohol all day long and lusty Valkyries by your side." "I want in!" I said, slamming my hand on the table. "You've never used a weapon in your life, coward," the warrior laughed and I was enraged. "I'll have you know I died with the greatest weapon of my age in my hand..." I was just talking at this point. What did I die doing again? Oh yeah, heart attack scrambling eggs after binge watching Netflix. "That weapon being?" the warrior asked, raising a giant bushy eyebrow. "A spatula!" I said, looking around the room. "But a spatula is..." a round face started. "One more word, Buddha, and I'll wipe the contentment off your face." I yelled and the warrior laughed. "And you killed with this weapon?" the warrior asked, judging my next words carefully. "Many men," I said simply, telling him the truth. You see, there was no lying in these hallowed halls. "We leave for Valhalla in the morning, brave warrior." he told me, clapping me on the shoulder so hard I cringed. The room emptied of grumbling eternal salesman. "I do not understand," the Buddha said, raising an eyebrow, "A spatula is not a weapon. How did you kill many men with it?" "I was a fry cook for 30 years at the grungiest diner you ever saw," I grinned, "If the food poisoning didn't get them, the hardened arteries did." Buddha grinned. 