
Michael looked around the room; paint peeled off the walls as if trying to escape, dust settled like dunes on the floor and spiders fought against each other fiercely as they vied for food in the upper corners. "Jesus, I shouldn't even be here. Shouldn't even be talking to someone like you," Michael muttered frantically. "Settle down, herr Smitt. I think it will be more comfortable for you lying on the seat," Professor Adalgar said, as his circular framed spectacles began to crawl down his nose. Michael nodded, lying back on the chaise longue. It was bumpy and uneven; hardly a surprise given that its stuffing was leaking out of it as if were a solider in the Somme. "Why did you come here, herr Smitt?" "Smith. *Mr* Smith." "Very well. We play it your way. Why did you come here *Mr Smith?* You booked yourself in -- that is highly irregular. And to see *me*, of all people." "I've... I've got issues. And I've been looking for someone like you to help me with them for a long time, doc." "*Professor.* See, I can be, how do you say, *pernickety,* too." "Yeah. Okay. I get it." "What issues do you believe you have?" The doctor poked at his glasses with a long, skinny finger, chasing them back up his nose. "I see things I shouldn't. You know, things I have no right to." "Oh? That is most interesting. And these things, what do you see exactly? Elaborate for me." "I told ya. Things I shouldn't. People I shouldn't." "Ah... the *supernatural?* Is that what you mean?" Michael shrugged. "Sure. I guess." Professor Adalgar prodded his notepad with his pen. "And seeing them, it makes you scared, ja?" "No," said Michael, clenching his teeth. "No, not scared at all. It makes me mad." "Why?" "What right do they have to be here! What right do they have to torment me?" "You were a solider, were you not?" "Yeah. I was." "You must have known a lot of people that died. Friends, even." "... yeah." "Could these beings, perhaps, be a manifestation of your inner need for a changed truth?" "I- I don't follow." "Perhaps you are jealous of them." "Jealous?" "Perhaps you believe it isn't them that shouldn't be here, but it is *you* that shouldn't." "Oh." "Oh?" Michael scratched his chin. "I mean, maybe you're onto something. Maybe." "Tell me about your father. What did he do for a living, when you were growing up?" Michael sighed. "He was a good guy, I guess. Just a reg-" There was a noise; the sound of a nearby door opening. Michael bolted upright. "Did you hear that, doc?" The professor frowned. "I did not. What did you hear, Michael? What agitated you?" "Sh!" he hissed, raising a finger to his lips. "*Footsteps.* They're coming closer!" Michael reached into his jacket and pulled out his knife. "Stay still!" he whispered to the doctor. He got to his feet and crept behind the door. "*Just stay still. I'll handle this.*" The door creaked open; a blond haired man walked through, a camera dangling around his neck. The man's mouth dropped open as he saw the doctor hovering above his chair. "Holy... *I knew it!*" cried the blonde man triumphantly. "Mary mother of God, I knew it! I knew there were spirits in this place!" He fumbled with his camera, eventually raising it up with trembling hands. "Buddy, you're going to be the proof I've-" The door suddenly slammed shut behind him. The man turned to see a figure dressed in an ancient, army outfit, with a hole running fully through his chest. In the ghost's hand was a trench knife. The blond man screamed as Lieutenant Michael Smith stepped forward and plunged the weapon into his neck. --- /r/nickofnight 