
It is over. The boy-warrior has triumphed. The afterimages of his silvered blade, blessed by all the gods of the old world, still linger in this wretched crypt. Every prophecy was true. Here, an ancient deity would arise once more to enslave the world. Here, a youthful paragon would cast that god down. He takes but a moment to catch his breath. Nothing haunts this place but shades and dust. A ragged black mantle lies at his feet, ghost words still echoing in his mind: "I will return once more..." "And we will always strike you down, Dark One," he says to the silence. And without a backward glance -- nothing remains to threaten him -- he is gone, returned to some lakeside village or secluded monastery or hidden mountain tribe. I wish him the joy of it. I have fallen so many times before. Incorporeal, I shadow his reversed progress through my temple. He disdains the trap-mined field where one must spell out my true name for safe passage. He has no interest in the cunning placement of murder-holes and poisoned stakes through this twisted labyrinth. He ignores broken death-charms and unthreaded riddle-beasts. His handsome face is lit, at last, by the rising sun through the cavernous chamber. He smiles, at last. He has put this horror behind him. Behind him, the vast iron-shod doors swing shut, sealing this place. Finality. Catharsis. Endings. His thoughts turn at once to hopes his trusted steed has remained tethered across the waybridge, and that his sweetheart at home has stayed faithful... And I? I turn back the flows of time. Traps reset. Spells re-knit. Beasts revive. The labyrinth echoes with mad laughter and far-off thunder once more. It must look lived in, you understand. Well-used. It would not do to break the immersion for those who will come after. The hero brings a tale back to those outside. He brings back the unthinkable. The monsters in the dark can be beaten, can be outsmarted, can be outfought. He will bring my final words to them. He will ensure the legend of my return grows over the years. The people have always been tormented by the warlords and dark spawn of this world. They have cowered in their homes and prayed to far-off gods unwilling or unable to deliver them from suffering. But I have given them something more precious than divine intervention. I have given them hope. The hope to fight back. And in another generation or three, when they grow complacent when they forget the old tales, when their guard slips... I will return. Another hero will rise to face me. And the people will have hope once more. Until then... peace. Silence. Solitude. 