
*Warning: swearing.* Mark took a deep breath, then pushed open the door to the bar. He ordered a Greyhound on the rocks and took a moment to survey the room. It was getting crowded, but not yet to that "rub up against multiple strangers just to cross the room" point. Embers of hope began to glow inside Mark. Maybe this could work. He smiled to himself, surveying the room. A few pool tables, a few dart boards, and...shit, a shuffleboard table. It even looked like it was in decent condition. Maybe he could see if one of the young women drinking what looked like vodka and cranberry juice wanted to -- A patron bumped into Mark, and said "Watch it, dingus" without breaking stride. That's when things took a turn. The face of the small-but-portly man standing on Mark's left shoulder went scarlet with poorly-contained rage. "The FUCK did you just call me? Hey FUCKNUTS, don't walk away from me, I'm talkin to you!" Mark cringed. Some of the people closest to him were staring now, others were nudging their friends. Still, as long as there was no response from Nigel, things would probably -- "The language of the bard. Truly, your words drop as gentle rain from heaven." So much for that idea. "Shut it, Limey, or I'll rip off your GOD DAMN CRUMPETS and dunk 'em in that SHIT WATER you call tea!" A wave of silence had washed over the room. A few dozen cell phones seemed to have materialized out of thin air, all of them held aloft and pointed at Mark. "Quite." Mark sighed and began trying to pick his way through the assembled on-lookers. He was muttering, for the hundredth time, a prayer about being able to get out of the room before -- "What are you lookin at, big tits? 'Ey, don't get mad at me - get mad at whoever told you you could fit those giant melons in that tube top." Mark raced out of the bar, getting home as fast as he could. He pulled a piece of paper off his dresser and brought it to the table. He scanned two-thirds of the way down the page before he found the name of the bar and crossed it out. *Maybe tomorrow would be better*, he thought ruefully. *** /r/ShadowsofClouds Folks may also enjoy [this story](https://www.reddit.com/r/ShadowsofClouds/search?q=Cyrus&restrict_sr=on) about a guy whose life is being narrated by a British sports commentator. 