
The sock drawer option was looking pretty good. One click and it would all be over. I would never have to deal with this shit again. No more crazy girls. No more stupid family. Just peace. "Buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz" Mother fucker! Can't even commit suicide in peace. I got up and headed to the door. "Buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz." Bang, bang, bang. I yelled at the door I was coming, and the knocking stopped. About damn time. Whoever it was better have a duffel bag full of cash or a pizza. I opened it and was shocked that he did indeed have both. He had dark hair, and a chin you could dig holes with. If it wasn't for the fact that he was wearing a suit, I would have assumed it was my crazy ex's new fuckbuddy come to beat the shit out of me. It was only because of the suit, that I recognized him. He was on the tv all the time. Making crazy claims. Crazy claims that he threw lots of money at until they became reality. Elon Musk was standing in my doorway with a pizza, and a gym bag. Granted, I assumed it was full of cash, but it was either that or I was having a psychotic break. He gave me a once over then said "Get up, we're going to Mars." I asked what the hell he meant by 'Get up' to which he replied "Take a shower, get some clothes on, I can't take you in public wearing ratty yoga pants." I thought 'fuck you' but managed to keep my mouth shut. If Elon Musk really was at my door with a pizza, I'd blow him for the story alone. If that bag really did have cash, fuck it. I went back to my bedroom and did as instructed. After my shower, I called out and asked whether I needed to dress up or not. "Business casual is fine. I just can't have you looking like a hobo. You're the new face of the Mars mission." I asked him what the fuck he meant. "It's really quite simple. We've had everything we needed to make the trip for months. We needed someone with the right look to put on the posters." Huh? "I'll be blunt. The only reason I am able to do the things I do is because I give the impression that it's impossible. We carefully hone that image. The more impossible it seems, the more we tailor our spokesperson. Namely you." "Mars is quite easy to reach. You just need enough power to exit Earth's gravity well, and be able to catch Mar's in turn. We've been able to do that for decades. The problem is getting candidates willing to go. If we put up folks like they do in the military, we would cut most of the best applicants because those people aren't relatable. We need a loser. Again, you. We need someone people can look down on and say 'If he could do it, I can do it.' Frankly, you're perfect for the job." I wanted to argue. I really did. I almost got two words out before what he said hit me. He was inspiring greatness by presenting mediocrity. I asked how he found me. "We've been watching you for a long time. Me, Gates, Buffet. That's Warren, not Jimmy. Actually, I take that back it's BOTH Warren and Jimmy. Apparently you're great for making music about too. Crap family, crap life. But, I digress. We've been waiting for you to take on so much stress that it was visible to the naked eye. That happened last night. You showed up like the bright side of the sun to our tracking programs. I just happened to get here first. That said, I'm going to make you an offer I hope you won't refuse." "Let's go to Mars. Get off this shit planet. Get away from that shit ex of yours. Ditch that family that causes you so much grief. And if you do, I'll give you this pizza and a metric fuckton of cash. You'll live like a king." I was flabbergasted. I didn't know what to say. "Say yes. Get the best revenge possible. Become successful. Despite what the world thinks. Fuck them. Fuck them from Mars. https://imgflip.com/i/1x1wfl Edit: Fixed typo (Threw not Through) 