
The sun rose over the streets of the city on the morning of December 21, 2123, causing the snow on the ground to glitter with the light of a million stars. As the day began, Adam trudged silently through the frosty sidewalks, ever mindful of the tiny, but deadly device that lay embedded in his flesh, just inches away from his heart. It was a device that everyone in the world had - programmed to detonate at a moment's notice. Adam rubbed his chest pensively - the city would soon be filled with the sounds of muffled explosions, and he could only hope that he would not be one of the victims. ---- It had all started forty years ago, one bright summer morning in the year 2083. Fifteen billion pairs of eyes watched as the leaders of every sovereign state on Earth made the announcement that would change everything. The president of the US, a peppy woman named Mary Hughes, approached the podium, smiling for the cameras. "Hello, everyone," she said. "As you all know, the world population has grown at an unprecedented rate within the last twenty years. Experts everywhere agree that we have reached an unsustainable amount of people. Your leaders, including myself, have worked tirelessly to reach a solution." She grinned. "And I am proud to say that we have finally reached an agreement." "Every year, we will have a day where no crime is tolerated. Arson, murder, jaywalking... it doesn't matter. All criminal offenses can and will be punished with death. It will be a day of reckoning for humanity - and it will bring about a future where only the pure of heart survive." She faced the crowd of journalists that extended as far as the eye could see. "Does anyone have any questions?" "President Hughes," one reporter cried, "how will you be able to guarantee that perpetrators of crimes are killed?" "I'm glad you asked," the president replied, holding up a syringe. "This little thing right here contains several nanobots inside of it. Some of them can hook up directly to your brain, and send what you see straight to the computers of the UN headquarters. But there's one in particular that's very important. You see, that one travels directly to your heart instead of your brain, but that's not the best part. It's actually a bomb that can be remotely detonated at any time! If you're caught committing any crime on this day of reckoning..." She mimicked an explosion, never once losing her cheerful smile. Over the next six months, the entire population was outfitted with the lethal bots. They stayed silent, not once signaling their presences... until December 21 rolled around. Over one twenty-four hour period, six billion people were killed. The Reckoning had come, just as it would every winter afterwards. ---- Adam grimaced as he thought of President Hughes' horrific address. Although the woman was long dead, her legacy lived on, and children - including Adam - grew up hearing about the terrible day. So many people that Adam loved had been taken away from him by the Reckoning. His best friend, Dennis, had been killed two years prior - forgetting the date, he had obliviously run a red light. He was dead at the wheel before the light turned green. That wasn't even the worst of it. His sister-in-law, a sweet woman named Leslie, had been visiting her mother in Massachusetts. Unfortunately for her, she happened to have fireworks from that year's Independence Day celebration with her when she did. Adam's sister had been devastated when she found out about her wife. After all, how was she supposed to know that fireworks were illegal in Massachusetts? Mercifully, Adam had not encountered the same fate that so many other people had. But he always knew that it was a very real possibility. The people in charge of the Reckoning didn't discriminate when it came to who was killed. On December 21, there were no second chances. Adam looked up at the street ahead of him. Aside from him, the only other people were a homeless man and a lady cradling a hot cup of coffee. He watched as the man called out to the woman. "Ma'am... do you have any spare change?" The lady looked at the homeless man empathetically. "Oh, you poor thing..." she muttered to herself. She reached into her purse, pulling out a wrapped-up sandwich before handing it to the man. "Here. I know it isn't much, but..." she trailed off. The man looked at her gratefully as she walked off, before digging into the food. Adam wished that he could give something to him, but he didn't have anything on him at the moment. At least he has that sandwich, he thought to himself. I wonder when the last time he ate was... The homeless man was just about finished by the time Adam passed by him, and made to throw out the wrapper. He aimed for a nearby trash can, but right as it left his hand, Adam could tell it wouldn't make it. As if in slow motion, he turned around as the paper drifted down. It settled on the ground, before drifting away with the winter wind. Both Adam and the homeless man froze. Suddenly, a muffled *boom!* reverberated through the air. The man dropped dead, a smoking hole where his chest had once been. The woman from earlier came rushing back, having also heard the explosion. She brought her hands to her mouth as she stared at the body. Adam felt bile surge in his throat, both at the smoking site, and at the injustice of it all. But the people in charge of the Reckoning didn't discriminate when it came to who was killed. On December 21, there were no second chances. ---- **This is my first prompt response, so any criticism is welcomed and appreciated! I think I might continue this later on, by the way.** 