
"Raul," crooned Raul in a very suspicious French accent, as he took the lady's hand and graced his eager lips on it. "Let me guess," he continued, releasing his grip and pulling a chair out from the table. "Sit, please. Let me guess, you're a Mari- no, no, you're a Cassandra? I'm right, am I not?" *Suave.* Yes, that was what he would be today. The woman's botoxed forehead tried its best to frown, her lips fighting (and losing) a similarly uneven battle. "How on Earth did you know that?" Raul slicked his dark hair back with ringed fingers. "Your beauty, it was that of a Maria, or a Cassandra, and there was a certain radiance that could be of no Maria. I see, no wrinkle has dared to blight your perfect face -- that tells me all I need to know." He lowered his voice to a rippling whisper. "*All I need to know.*" Cassandra giggled through perfectly still lips as she slid into a seat. "My," she said, "You are a charmer. And that accent... Australian?" "Australian?" "Yes. I'm certain of it. I've got an aunt who lives there, and strike me down if you don't sound *just the same!* Don't worry -- she's a smoker." Raul cursed himself silently. He hadn't done enough research for the role. No, it was fine -- he'd improvise. "Yes, mate. Good catch." He sat in his seat and raised a hand, clicking his fingers to gain the attention of a waiter. "If I had a bloody boomerang, I'd get us the wine myself," he said with a wink. Another half chuckle as the waiter approached. Raul knew her very favourite drink, her very favourite food... Yes, this time he'd get the pudding he'd been after for so long. But he had to be confident. She liked confident. "Lambrusco, for the lovely Sheila. And the house re- a uh..."--he swallowed hard--"Fosters for me." The waiter lifted his head and eyed Raul snobbishily. "*House Fosters*, sir?" "Yeah," Raul replied, tugging at his shirt. "You know, out of the house tap." "Very good, sir. And to eat?" "Pie and chips for the lady, and... do you do anything off the barbie?" "Sir?" "Struth. Just a burger then, mate." The lady eyed Raul with suspicion. "I wouldn't normally let someone order for me, but... How did you know I loved pies?" "Know? Oh, that you're a classy pie lass? Well, it's obvious ain't it." "Is it?" "It is to me. A lady who would wear a fashionable tracksuit like that, to a place like this, well, she'd be after the fanciest meal on the whole bloody menu." If she could have smiled she would have done, Raul hoped. God, she was beautiful. Beneath all that make up. Maybe. Raul began to sweat. This was the best any of their dates had gone *to date*. He couldn't mess it up now. It was time to lay his heart on the table. "Look, Cassandra, I'm gonna' level with you. I think you're mighty fine, and I reckon you think I'm fine. I mean, I figure I'm the sort of guy you'd normally go for." Cassandara shrugged. "Eh." "Eh? What do you mean, 'eh'"? "You're a little too pretty-boy, for my tastes, to be honest." "You can't be serious. You can't be bloody serious! I've seen all the men you've rejected. What the hell is left?" Cassandra went tense. "You've *seen* the men I've been out with?" "Well I er, oh struth," Raul said sadly, knowing he couldn't stop it now. The man's stylish exterior began to wilt, his skin flaking to reveal the green monstrosity beneath. Screams echoed about the restaurant and cutlery migrated high in all directions. "Wh-what kind of monster are you?" asked Cassandra, her lips trying desperately to quiver. "Me?" Raul asked, a rage in the pit of his stomach rising. "Me?! What the hell kind of monster are *you*? -- That's the real question! I've tried *everything* to please you. I've been Brad bloody Pitt and Oscar bloomin Wilde. Nothing makes you happy. Nothing!" He realised at this point that he didn't *need* to keep the accent up, but there was something rather bloody pleasing about it. "Th-hey were *you*?" Raul's skin began to change again, his black hair falling out in thick clumps, while greasy blonde hair sprouted hurriedly in its place. It took only seconds for Cassandra to be face to face with... Cassandra. "This," said the new Cassandra, as it got up from its seat, "Is the only person I think you could ever love. You are the worst specimen of any creature I've ever met. And I've been to the Betelgeuse system *and* Scotland. Good day to you!" Raul/Cassandra had almost stomped its way to the door, when it heard the plaintive scream from behind and stopped in its tracks. "Waiiit!" The other Cassandra came running up to it. "What do you want now? Come to mock me one last time?" "Mock? No! I'd never mock someone like you. Mmm mm mmmm, you are *gorgeous*. I think... I think I was a bit hasty. How about one more try?" she asked with a salacious wink. Raul/Cassandra smiled. *Finally*. "Can you change *any* part of your body?" she inquired as they walked back towards their table. 