
They all watched. The guards, standing by the door with their hands on their guns, eyes fixated on me, searching for the slightest flicker of movement. The nurse, with the needle in her hand - and her friend, by the door. Both were clearly uncomfortable, but just as clearly used to this kind of business. "Are you about ready yet?" I said finally, glaring at the nurse as she dropped the clear plastic package for the third time. "Quiet," one of the guards snapped, stepping closer. I sighed, rolling my head over so that I could smile winningly at him. "I'm just *asking*," I said, raising my hands the few inches I could before the restraints caught me. "Just leave him, Greg," his friend said, still staring at me. "Fucking sicko. Just another few minutes." "Sorry," the nurse said, casting a glance over her shoulder at them. "I-I'm sorry. I'll get started now." They only nodded. I frowned, the stink of rubbing alcohol sharp in my nose as she swabbed my arm. "A prick would be enough," I said dryly. It was true. The more evil one committed, the more wrong they did, the more it changed them. Physically, mentally, spiritually. It tarnished them. And that tarnish showed plain and clear in the blood. "Shut the fuck up," the guard said, advancing on me again. "I saw what you did to her. Don't think-" "Greg!" his friend snapped, grabbing him by the elbow. "That's enough!" I winced despite myself at the bite of the needle. I understood *why* they wanted more than just a drop, of course. The legal system wanted things to be clear, to be definitive. It was simple enough to plant a drop of blood - and another matter entirely to besmirch an entire vein. And yet... The nurse's eyes widened as the syringe drew back, pulling only a clear, flawless white from my arm. "I'll be damned," the second guard muttered, running a hand through his hair. "No. No goddamn way," Greg spat. The sound of boots on the linoleum floor rang out loud. I had a single moment to turn, bracing myself, before his fist caught me on the cheek. "Greg!" the second guard bellowed. I wasn't looking. It was all I could do to stay huddled, trying desperately to shield my face from blow after blow. "It's a trick!" Greg roared, struggling to free himself from his friend's hold. "I *saw* her! There's no way!" An alarm was ringing, somewhere nearby. I heard the sound of other voices, all yelling as they pounded into the room. Someone was freeing the restraints from around my wrists. I smiled. They saw the truth of it, then. Good. I wasn't evil. I hadn't murdered anyone. --- A few hours and a mountain of paperwork later, I was on the street with a heartfelt apology from the police department and rising bruises on my face. I took it all in stride, offering only a smile before heading on my way. I wasn't angry. It wasn't their fault - even Greg, there. He was only doing what he thought best, protecting the world from a threat. So he thought. It was an admirable goal, if misguided. I was hardly a threat, after all. We were on the same side. I chuckled, shaking my head at the thought. What would he think, to know that we were in this together? To know that he'd been punching his greatest ally? Oh, she'd looked pretty enough, on the outside. Cheerful and bright, all smiles and sunshine and butterflies. But I'd seen through it. They could never hide from me. Not for long. I'd seen the way she kicked that man, down with his cup in hand on the curb. I'd seen her sneer. She hadn't been so pretty with blood dripping down her neck. It wasn't wrong, I knew. It wasn't an act of evil, to put a monster out of it's misery. It was a service - I'd known it. And the sight of the pure, flawless blood sliding out of my veins had been all the confirmation I needed. The sound of someone yelling from across the street caught my attention. I paused, half turning. A man dragged his dog down the sidewalk, belllowing into his phone. It stopped, sniffing at a hydrant - and the man didn't so much as pause. He just swore loudly, lifting it off the ground by the leash and aiming a kick its way. The sound of pained yelping rang loud in the crisp air. I fixed the man in my mind, memorizing his every feature, every detail and line and item of clothing. What a monster. (/r/inorai, critique always welcome!) Edit since I'm getting lots of comments on it xD - I've watched a grand total of I think 2 episodes of Psycho-Pass, back in college (years ago). So, any similarities are definitely cool, but not intentional :) 