
The novice approached the Pit of Answers with some trepidation. They had something of a reputation. It was also quite a walk from the novices dormitory and stuck far below even the dungeon level - as if even the monsters couldn't bear to be too close to this place and it's uncanny inhabitants. Nevertheless the elders had decreed this was how he would serve the cult of the dead. The door was unassuming in size but bore strange devices: a horned bird of some kind and the runes "BSD". As well as several scorch marks. The novice knocked. A surprisingly young necromancer in patched black robes opened it and waved him in. He had a small crystal ball tucked between his chin and his ear and was talking into it. "Hello, support here. Ok, have you tried banishing it and resummoning it? Yeah, that'll clear that up". He slid the crystal into his pocket and shook the novice's trembling hand. "I'm Simon, welcome to the helldesk. Here's your desk right beside mine. You're going to be shadowing me for the next week or so while you learn the ropes." As if appearing to sense the novices fear Simon gave a grin that was almost reassuring. "Don't worry, the job isn't so hard. Most of our customers are idiots who don't RTFG, um that's 'Read the fucking Grimoire'. As for the rest as long as you can think logically and look things up in an ethereal search artifice then you'll be able to handle pretty much anything" "But can't our customers just do that?" asked the novice in a trembling voice. "You'd think so" replied Simon "But generally no, they can't. Excuse me ... " Simon fished the crystal ball from his pocket: it seemed to be vibrating. "Hello support here. Ok. Right. Please stop sobbing sir. Right, what you've done is messed up the recursion - that's why instead of one zombie you've got a million zombie horde. Yes sir, I appreciate that they're coming through the barricades. Can you unpower the invocation? You're going to need to do that before it lays waste to the land. Where is the power rune? It's on the altar. No, on the right. No the other right ... the other right sir. Yes that's it there you go." "See?" Said Simon. "It's usually painfully obvious stuff. Of course in this business the emphasis is usually on 'painful'. The other day we had a newbie who didn't realise the pentagram needs to be powered on. Hell, I got a guy once who didn't even know whether he needed to be on the inside or the outside of the pentacle. Accidentally summoned a three tonne shoggoth onto himself. Nasty." The crystal ball vibrated once more and Simon answered it. "Hello support here. Ah. Oh. Nope, sorry sir. Summoning that which you cannot put down voids the support agreement. Goodbye sir, we look forward to your custom in future lives." "Then you've got the ones who don't read the contracts" continued Simon to the novice. "End user agreements we call them: because they usually end the user. Or the customers that try to curse you because they've done something stupid - just escalate them up to the management wraiths, they'll deal with that." Simon winced slightly "Permanently". Simon noticed that the novice had gone rather pale. "Don't worry kid, you'll be fine. You're one of us now." 