
The white haired woman turns back to the screen. I stand there with my hands on my hips and stare at the back of their heads. The buttons click. There are bottles and crumbs scattered everywhere. God is sitting in a deep brown leather chair calling cot death a 'cocksucker' while Satan giggles wickedly from his bar stool. &#x200B; The smell of sulfur emanates through the fiery gate above me. This can't be real. The red fires burn my eyes and I bow my head. I look back at the two frustrated eternal beings to see them engrossed. I wonder to myself how long they have been at this. Is this all it was? Did I do anything of my own free will? I turn to my right and see the doves rise above the pearly gates. &#x200B; "Hey God," I try to get Her attention. &#x200B; "Son of a bitch!" The Lord exclaims, "You just cost me 8 scientists. Do you have any idea how hard it is to keep those people in line at the moment?!" &#x200B; "...Sorry," I stutter, "It's just that..." &#x200B; "You're confused?" Satan responds, "This isn't what you imagined? Don't worry Isaac, it's not that you were a bad person." &#x200B; "Oh well that's a relief," I let out with a deep sigh, momentarily forgetting that I'm damned for eternity. &#x200B; "There's no such thing," God interjects "Life is a balancing act. Without a little chaos, nobody would enjoy the peace of heaven. Without hope, nobody would try to do good in the world." &#x200B; "So, how did Satan win my soul then?" &#x200B; The buttons begin to click furiouser and furiouser. Louder and louder, faster and faster until...bang. &#x200B; "Ha!" Cries God &#x200B; "You bitch!" Satan roars, "Fuck you! Fuck you! Fuck you and your fucking stoner kid." &#x200B; "Hey, chill Satan. A little Enlightenment never hurt anybody." &#x200B; I stand agog for a moment as God speaks with the voice of a very serene young man. &#x200B; God turns around at me and gives me a comforting smile. I look deep into her eyes and see with perfect clarity that my question was already answered. Omnipotence is only valuable when it has an opposite counterpart. God turns back to her game and hunches over the controller. I look at the screen to see layers upon layers of numbers and text. Some of it red, some of it green, all of it confusing. &#x200B; "Can I have another chance?" I must sound like a sick dog whimpering for attention, "Please, can I try and do something in the world? I just want to understand it a little better" &#x200B; "Are you fucking kidding me?" Satan scoffs, "I won you fair and square! Go to Hell Isaac, I'll be in to give you your tour in like a week or something, maybe." &#x200B; "Please?" I try again to receive only silence, broken by ethereal lasers on a cosmic screen, in return. I kick an empty bottle. I kick it again, slightly harder. It moves slightly farther than the first time. Neither the focus of God nor Satan strays from their game. I pick up the bottle and hurl it towards them in one last effort to get a reaction. The brown glass shatters on Satan's horns. He turns around in a blind rage. Fire fills his eyes. He makes a start towards me as I notice God leaning over to his controller. She gives me a wry wink as she uses a small shard to hit a repressed button. Nothing changes. Satan's heavy hooves stamp aggressively as he comes within swiping distance. Hell begins descending upon me. The ruby blaze encapsulates my vision rapidly from above until it is all I can see. Satan is gone. I look around for any sign of comfort but my head begins to ache inexplicably. The air is like nails to my eyes so I shut them tight. &#x200B; My head is pounding now. I reach my hand to my forehead and feel a single, small lump. I open my eyes to see a single apple lying next to me in the green grass. &#x200B; "Aha!" I exclaim, and run off to tell my good friend William. I do hope he appreciates the gravity of what I am about to tell him. 