
I am often questioned for my choice of degree. There are very few people who want to be entymologists. These questions almost always increase when they discover my arachnophobia. Why would someone who is afraid of spiders study spiders for a living? At first, it was my parents suggestion. They told me the easiest way to get over my fear was to learn more about the object of my fear. So I studied spiders. I became the most spider-obsessed kid in my school. But I remained afraid. However, while I did not get over my fear, I learned ways to get rid of spiders. To ensure they never came near me. I learned things that made it so that, even though I feared spiders, they feared me more. I was the first to discover that spiders hide change in sofas. After I learned that, getting rid of the spiders in my house was easy. Every day, I checked between my cushions. If I found any money, I would leave it there with an eviction notice. The next day, both the money and the notice would be gone. Then I found the two gold bars. I knew that payment was proportional to biomass, so that could only mean a giant spider. As usual, I left an eviction notice on the top of the money, but it wasn't enough to assuage my fear. Somehow, such a beast had made its way into my home and was living here unbeknownst to me. I went into the attic to retrieve a costume I had made years ago specifically for fighting spiders. I began searching the house from top to bottom. I looked in every nook and cranny I could find, but I saw no sign of the giant spider. Finally, I was forced to give up. It would all be resolved by tomorrow. I did not sleep that night. I knew that, somewhere in my house, there was a gigantic beast waiting to prey upon my flesh. I could not close my eyes, lest the arachnidal horror attack me whilst I am unaware. I left the house as early as possible, desperate to escape from the web of horrors. We may keep spiders at the lab, but they are kept in containers. I knew I was safe there. Unfortunately, my coworkers mistook my tiredness for illness, and I was sent home before lunch. Hopefully, the beast had seen the notice and left. As soon as I returned home, I ran to the living room and flipped over the cushions. To my surprise, while the eviction notice had been taken, there was still one gold bar left. Curious, I picked it up to examine it before realizing my two follies - first, each spider uses one item to pay for their rent, and second, tge act of picking up the payment is considered acceptance. 