
"Shoot him, James!" yells Captain Cacophony, stupidly choosing to use my real name. He is panicked; his voice trembles almost as much as the arm he uses to point towards Doctor Munchausen. The Doctor smiles at me. It is a strange smile; a knowing smile. Perhaps he is ready to die. His finger lowers towards the controller he holds in his other hand; New York is an inch away from ending. "James!" my friend screams, his voice uncontrolled and primal. I feel a tremendous pain inside my ears, and the warmth of blood as it trickles over fine hairs deep within my ear canals. For some reason my thoughts begin to drift - I need to have my ears cleaned. I've never had them cleaned properly before, with one those syringes the doctors use - I bet they'd wash out a ton of wax. How well would I hear, then? How much sound am I missing out on? Even as I pull the trigger, my thoughts wander. I close my eyes and take a deep breath, determined to concentrate on the job. When I open them, the bullet is stopped only a metre or two away. It hovers there like a tiny drone floating above the cracked pavement. Suzie's funeral pushes its way into my mind. *God, I miss you. You would have loved saving New York one last time.* I pluck the bullet out of the air. It's beautiful really. So simple, so deadly. Doctor Munchausen is like a stone jester, grinning in the face of imminent death. He knows - thinks - I never miss a shot. He doesn't *know* my real power - no one does. This way no one can stop me, at least not with technology. The *CopKiller* wore an electro-magnetic vest. He thought that would negate my aim. I strolled up to him and turned the magnet off, then I let the bullet continue its path into his brain. I paused time for a while, as the bullet exited his head. To this day I don't know why I did it; I'm not sadistic, but I confess I felt a strange kind of satisfaction in that moment. Doctor Munchausen knew he was dead even before his finger began to lower. So, why'd he try? What an absurd grin he's wearing. The smile of a man who knows death is about to grab him by the hand and drag him to another world. *God damn, me and Suzie made a good team.* I place the bullet an inch from Doctor Munchausen's chest. An easier point of entry than through his helmet. I walk back to Captain Cacophony and position the gun by my eye once more. A deep breath later, time resumes and the bullet enters the Doctor's chest. I feel the ground move, and I see a distant flash. *Oh, God.* I stop time - but I was too slow - the nuke is exploding. Some of central Manhattan is likely already gone. I walk over to Doctor Munchausen's still grinning, standing-corpse. Blood globules have escaped his chest, hanging mid air like deranged red rain. But it's not just blood; there are tiny shards of metal mingled in. The real detonator was in his chest - the bomb miles away from us. I've just sentenced New York to death. The moment I unpause time, millions upon millions will die. I sit on the curb for a while, as shock washes over me. Could I evacuate New York? How many could I move before I'm too old and too broken to go on. Not many. My last conversation with Suzie plays like an old piano song in my mind. *If you can't save them all, what's the point of having powers?* she says, crying. I play a counter melody, *You did your best. That's all any of us can do.* *It wasn't good enough, James!* The chords become dissonant. *I can't do it any more, James. Any of this. I didn't ask for these powers or responsibilities.* The music hangs. So does Suzie. I walk over to Captain Cacophony, and I gently close his mouth and force his lips into a frozen smile. I put my arm around his shoulders. "Sorry old buddy." I think of Suzie, one last time. "See you soon, baby." As I unfreeze the world, a thought crosses my mind. *How pleasant and warm the breez-* 