
I could bring a book. I had to check my phone in every morning. The security guard patted me down for that very reason. I was allowed a single book. I usually brought something long enough to last. I had, in the early days, finished my book by lunch and then had to just wait out the rest of the day. That was boring. I learned after that to bring a good long book and finish reading at home. Bathroom breaks were every two hours, and only for a maximum of five minutes. The security guards said they had the same setup. I never had a problem, and I figured if I did, I'd just tough it out or, worst case scenario, have one embarrassing day. I lucked out, I guess. The contract was for ten years. I had to watch or rewatch the training videos every month. I had a phone, a binder with procedures in it, a briefcase chained to the table, and my book and my lunch. That was it. I had to remember what to do, what to say, and what procedure to follow. It was dry stuff, but I was assured that it was very important. At the pay I was getting, I was sure it was. Once a month, I was tested. A representative from management would come in and quiz me. Each quiz was different. It always covered different areas of procedure. At the end of the quiz, the manager would tell me my score, always 100, and then thank me for my diligence. It was never communicated to me what would happen if I failed or got less than 100, but I guessed that it would be immediate termination. It just sort of seemed that way. I was about halfway through Cloud Atlas by David Mitchell, which was excellent, by the way, when the phone rang. Five years into my job. I put down the book, turned the key on the briefcase lock, and got out the red folder, the blue folder, and the green folder. I picked up the phone. "White room.", I said. This was a key point of procedure. "Michael Gray requesting direction. Blue sky out." I took the blue folder and turned to the page headed "BLUE SKY". On the page was a single sentence, which I read aloud into the phone. "Mr Culpepper says to keep your umbrella open in case of sunburn.", I said. There was a slight pause. The voice on the phone said "Okay, I'll keep my umbrella." He sounded like he was crying. Then he said, "Goodbye." I hung up, as per procedure. I put the folders back into the briefcase, locked it up again, leaving the key in the lock. I picked up my book again. I resumed reading. Twenty minutes later, a representative from management was let into the room , escorted by a security guard. "Thank you for your diligent work. We are paying off the rest of your contract. The funds will be deposited by next Thursday. Is the briefcase complete?" "Yes, sir." "You are dismissed. Please take your things and go. You will be visited at home for an exit interview later today. Thank you again." I left. I was visited an hour and a half later at home by the same representative from management. He had me sign a few forms, asked me some vaguely worded statements about procedure, then had me read over a statement describing my exit interview, though it had obviously been written and printed beforehand. I signed it. He left. Later that night, I watched the news. There was nothing particularly interesting. The next week, Five million dollars was deposited into my bank account. I made an appointment with my financial advisor to invest it wisely. Two weeks later, I received a letter from the real estate company that managed my apartment building that everyone had moved out and the building would be turned into condominiums. I had three months to move. I moved two weeks after that. I bought a house. I'm retired now, at only 32 years old. It's not so bad. I have a girlfriend, a nice home. Life is good. Isn't it? EDIT: I sadly got David Mitchell's name wrong!! 