
The men stormed into my room unannounced just as I was preparing for bed. Dressed in full tactical gear, rifles pointed at my room's exit. The only SWAT teams that I ever saw were in movies and games, definitely not in real life. After all, what business does a perfectly normal guy have with a team trained for combat? I tapped the officer nearest to me, wanting to know what was going on. He simply put his finger over my lip and whispered, "Here they come." The windows broke as soon as he finished his sentence, raining the broken shards down on us. For someone who has never been in any adrenaline inducing situation before, naturally I screamed in shock. But the SWAT team members were ready. One shouted "Fire at will" amidst the sound of glass shattering and my whole room was lighted up. At first I could not see what the officers were shooting at, there were only bright flashes, mixed with loud curses and gunfire, but after a while, I could spot them coming through the door and window. Black creatures that moved incredibly fast. The officers were firing blindly at them. Most bullets found their marks and the creatures howled in agony when they were shot, disintegrating into thin air shortly after. Some of the creatures, it was like they moved together with the shadows, managed to drag the SWAT team members who were closest to the exit out. The unlucky officers tried to free themselves, their teammates tried too, but the creatures moved so fast that I could only hear their terrified screams as they were dragged out. In what felt like hours, the SWAT officers that surrounded me began thinning, as the creatures slowly worked their way to the center, picking off any careless officers one by one. The guy who was reloading his gun for example. Or the officer who was too focused on the door he failed to notice two creatures creeping up to him from his back. The officer who was beside me kept cursing non-step, yelling expletives at the creatures and instructions to his remaining squad as the fight dragged on. Even though his face was mostly covered, I could see the terror in his eyes as the creatures wore his squad down. He was certain that we were all going to die. Looking at the relentless swarm, I did not doubt him too. My hand gripped his vest. Just when I wondered how much longer the fight would last, a bright light enveloped the house, which caused the creatures to scream and beat a hasty retreat. They disappeared just like how they appeared, leaving me and what remained of the SWAT team alone in what used to be my room. Bullet holes and scorch marks lined the walls, along with splatters of blood. "About bloody time," the officer nearest to me said, as he pulled off his mask. Several of his men collapsed unto the floor, exhausted. I was about to ask the officer what was going on but a voice from my doorway interrupted me. "Good job, Officer Lewin, at holding off the bugs." The man, dressed neatly in a suit, turned to me. "And protecting Mr Luke." Officer Lewin, however, spat at the man, who seemed the least fazed. "Good job, my man? I've lost good men today, all because of your theory." He pointed to me. "This bugger better be worth it." Without even saying anything else, Lewin stormed out of the room and his officers followed. The man in suit, balding with a streaks of grey hair around his head, smiled at me. "I must apologize for Officer's Lewin behaviour. He has had a long day, all of us did. But at least for now, we can rest." He extended his hand to me. "Welcome to the resistance, Luke." I gulped. Just hours ago, I was a minimum wage worker who has hobby of writing stories on Reddit, with a dream of one day making it big. How did I move from that to being part of a Resistance, cliche as it sounds? The man seemed to read my thoughts, as he answered: "Not everything needs to have an answer, young man. You'll come to see that soon enough." His hand caught mine, and pulled me out of my room. ------------------- *Customary self promotion > /r/dori_tales* *Edit: Part 2 down below* 