
"Hello Thomas." The familiar looking man stood behind the largest desk I'd ever seen, palms flat on its surface as he leaned over it, studying me. Behind him a painting of his own euphoric face loomed to elephantine size. It's electric eyes stared at me with maniacal intensity. The two faces, his true one pensive and the decorative one behind enraptured, contrasted eerily, like the memories of my childhood best friend clashed with reality of the man before me. The man everyone called "Supreme Leader." Enemy of freedom. "Victor?" I asked. "Is that really you?" The pressure against my upper arms released, the the two guards moved back to flank either side of the door. Wobbling a bit with as I adjusted to standing on my own, my eyes fell upon the number across the chest of my light blue prisoner's shirt. 42. Life the universe and everything. "The meaning of life," Victor said, the faintest smile brushing a corner of his mouth. "Do you remember the summer between seventh and eighth grade? When we devoured the Hitchhiker's Guide series, staying up until the sun came up telling each other the ideas we'd both already read? Do you remember?" He straightened, smoothing the front of his white military style jacket, shiny brass buttons marching down it's front past battalions of medals, stripes and ribbons. I thought of holding my nose, seeing if I could breath, if this was a dream. It was useless. I'd already done it seven times. "I remember," I said. "Victor what the hell is going on? Are you the..." "You and I don't need titles between us. It's good to see you, my friend, how long has it been? Twenty five years? When I learned one of the resistance agents we'd picked up was my very own childhood best friend I could hardly believe my luck. And here you are." Unreality pressed in on my mind like a wave, my thoughts and vision swimming in it. None of us had ever seen the Supreme Commander. To many he was a myth, a boogie man invented to create the illusion of singular control, a central vision at the head of the Modern World Order. But here he was. Victor. "I can't believe it's really you," I said. "So all of this, the propaganda, the riots, the inciting of military coups across the world, it's... it's been you?" "Of course." "Why?" "I don't understand," Victor said, eyes narrowing quizzically. "We planned all of this, you and I. Everything I've done has been according to the formula the two of us created all those years ago. Don't you remember? The giant experiment of planet earth, like the Life the Universe and Everything? We designed an experiment of our own, remember?" A cold sickness welled up from my guts. I stepped towards him, fists balled. "That was fiction, Victor," I said through clenched teeth. "There was no giant experiment on planet earth. A man wrote those books, his name was Douglas Adams, which you should know because you had him executed." Ignoring my outburst, he reached down and picked an unmarked book off the desk, began circling around toward me. I glanced back at the guards, who stood fingering the triggers of there assault rifles, eyes fixed in the middle distance. "Every great achievement begins as fiction," he said, pressing the book against his heart. "It always begins as a figment in someone's imagination, made reality by the collective efforts of the faithful. We were children back then, of course, but we understood grand action. All we lacked was the power and the blueprint. Now, though, we have both." As he approached me the heat of anger bled through, stiffened me. If I snapped his neck right now this could all end. He smiled, as if guessing my thoughts, and his eyes flicked to the guards behind me. A warning. "What do you want from me?" I asked. He held out the book. "I want you to help me finish what we started, sitting on the carpet in your bedroom all those years ago. I want you to help me carry out a grand experiment for planet earth. Not the silly plans we created as children, but the grand vision of the greatest mind in human history. Can't you see? Everything, all of it has been for that purpose, and when all of the people of earth are under our rule the experiment can begin." I took the book from him, studied it. Nothing marked the dark read cover, only a smooth surface worn from obvious handling. I opened the front cover. Air hissed in through my teeth as I read the title page. Mein Kampf, by Adolf Hitler. &#x200B; ****** r/EnemyOfAnEnemy &#x200B; &#x200B; 