
"Roommate meeting," I yelled at the top of my lungs. I was fed up. We had moved in barely a month ago and there was a stack of dishes piled perilously high in the sink and the floor was sticky with some unidentified substance and the walls were splattered with blood. This was not my ideal living situation. And the kitchen was the last straw. Gabriel and Beelzebub ambled in a few minutes later, the former smiling widely, his plump cheeks a deep shade of pink, and the latter glaring angrily as he removed his headphones. They were blaring heavy metal, as always. The veins in his muscular arms bulged. He was a model student; son of a strict disciplinary family whose parents demanded absolute excellence in everything he did - at least that was his story. Gabriel was another matter. He was irresponsible and careless and his grades were about on par with that of a developmentally delayed potato. Super pleasant guy though. He was obese and gluttonous but definitely played the role of a jolly fat guy quite well. Their habits around the house were as bad as one would expect. Gabriel was of the idea that a snap of his fingers and his messes would disappear. Not the case, I had to explain, on this plane of existence. Beelzebub did his dishes but inevitably splattered blood on the walls as he ate copious amounts of meat. Good source of protein he always said, although eating it raw was definitely just a personal quirk. "Sup?" Beelzebub said testily. His major was military history. Learn from the mistakes of Hitler, he always said. I think he was hinting at world domination but he would always laugh it off as a joke. Gabriel was majoring in hospitality. I had been reluctantly pushed into my psychology major by parents who probably just wanted a cheap therapist they could spill their problems to. A reluctant psych student, some would say. Now I was stuck constantly trying to decipher the enigmas of my roommates. Reluctantly, of course. "The state of this kitchen is unacceptable. It looks like Genghis Khan led a Dothraki hoard through here," I snapped. Gabriel chuckled. He always laughed with me. Beelzebub arched his eyebrows and did not crack a smile. I think the only time I had seen him smile was as he read about the horrors of the trenches of the first world war or the atomic bombs of the second world war. "You mean a horde of Mongols? Or are you referring to a Khal leading a Dothraki hoard?" History majors, so particular. Ugh. I rolled my eyes. It was irrelevant. "I don't care," I responded. "We're having a housewarming party tonight and there is no way we can have people over like this." They both nodded. In truth, we would be having three separate parties. I would have mine. Beelzebub would have his. Gabriel would have his. We weren't very close and had met via Craigslist. At least I think it was Craigslist. Their mysterious demeanor made me wonder if maybe I had used the wrong site. Regardless, I had found two adequate roommates that let me study in relative peace. We just needed to work out this kitchen situation. Beelzebub glanced around analytically. "I'll clean." I nodded in agreement. That would be good. He was meticulous and thorough. Gabriel hadn't stopped smiling. It drove me nuts sometimes. If it weren't that we desperately needed three people to cover the rent, I think Beelzebub would have punched the smile off his face. "I'll put up decorations." Great. This would work out wonderfully. I would help organize. Three hours later, the kitchen was spotless. Gabriel had followed the decorating orders to the letter. My room was pleasantly decorated and there was a banner that read "Welcome". His own room had a circle of chairs and several crosses and depictions of Jesus and a bible on a coffee table inside the circle. Beelzebub's basement room was dark and lit with candles. Perfect. Each of us had our own look we were going for. "Alright, what do we say to the guests when they arrive?" Sometimes I wondered about the state of my generation. I had to coach these two through basic niceties. "Would you like to hear about our lord and savior Jesus Christ?" Gabriel asked. I sighed. "Maybe not. Try something like welcome to our house." He shrugged unconvincingly. He would definitely ignore me. "Beelzebub?" "Welcome to Satan's Cellar," he deadpanned. Great. We were sure to charm our neighbors. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 