
"They described our landing as an inconvenience and forgot about us after a few days," Admiral D'jellho reported to the Emperor over the secure hologram transit system. "Have you sent out the diplomats?" the Emperor asked and Admiral D'jellho shook his head. "We have determined that the planet has already been claimed by another species that rules over the humans with an iron fist but they have not shown themselves yet," the Admiral explained. Emperor Mav'vallos frowned and stroked his misshapen, alien chin. His species was without a doubt the leading power of the galaxy, with every little whisper from every little planet reaching his ears and any rebellion or warring between his subjects being crushed efficiently and mercilessly. Yet this little planet the humans inhabited had somehow been occupied by a different invasion force that seemed to rule as effectively as he did. "They may have spies among us," Admiral D'jellho continued, displaying a report he had created to show the Emperor. "What makes you say that?" "The submission tactics used by the occupying force... They are suspiciously similar to our own." "The same torture methods as well?" Admiral D'jellho nodded. "Except they torture their subjects constantly and seem far more effective. The human race seems to have been punished into absolute submission yet their torture continues. We have observed them for weeks and have set our agents to assimilate into their ranks and three times now we have had to extract them and debrief them and offer therapy and counseling. The monotony breaks them in a way we have not been able to accomplish with any other species, even after centuries of torture." "What have the agents said?" the Emperor asked. He was already drafting a treaty to ensure peace with whatever powerful enemy had subdued the human race. "Nearly nothing. I ask them how it went and they say 'fine' and nothing more. We offer them food options and they don't care. They wake up each morning in complete apathy and they do as ordered with dead eyes and no emotion and when their tasks are complete, they take no joy in them and instead lay down to await the next day." "Fuck," Emperor Mav'vallos murmured and Admiral D'jellho nodded. "Retreat right away," he ordered after pondering his options for a moment. "If we upset their masters, we will be the next to be monotonized into submission." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 