
Johnson glared at me from across the room as he moved his bonsai tree into a box. He'd been let go after the incident during the Christmas party. It had been him, me, Janet from accounting and a hell of a lot of eggnog. Johnson has fallen on the axe for that whole shebang and here I was, still organizing reports for the boss. Kayla glared at me from the other side of the room about the comments I'd made earlier, Sandra was upset that I had taken extra long breaks, Shane was pissed that I'd just started working his project and he'd been told to move. In short, a lot of people weren't eh biggest fans of me around here. Despite the petty grudges that laziness brought down on me, not being able to be fired was a fantastic lifestyle, I had unlimited vacation, as many sick days as I wanted, I could steal cooperate secrets and getting caught didn't mean they were taking me off payroll. Yeah that last one was important. See, I'd been working for the IRS when I wished upon a star, and they'd found out really quickly that I was immune to being fired. So instead, I was offered a promotion. 'Matthews,' Big Man Hallan started after her called me into the office, 'you're such a damn likeable guy I don't think I could ever let ya go, but the people upstairs have a request.' Now Hallan looked exactly like you'd figure the head of an IRS department would if you slathered on an extra 60 pounds, and I looked the same way if you only added 25. I was an accountant through and through. But you don't turn down jobs to be a spy. The job itself was simple, get hired at companies with fake credentials from the government. Talk, smile and charm my way into a position where I had access to anything that might need an audit or a quick question. I didn't do the questioning, I just left the clue that something needed to be asked. Back in the current time Johnson was finished with clearing his desk and I pulled my feet off of mine. He came over and held out his hand. "It was fun," he growled. "Wasn't it? Real time and a half," I beamed back. "Oh fuck off," Johnson spat before continuing down the wall of cubicles. "Don't swear I'm the workplace," I sighed as he stormed off. Once he was gone I decided that I needed to at least get some work done today. I opened up my email, and started drafting a little hint to the IRS and FBI, more specifically my contact with both agencies, Linda. 'Hey Linda, just letting you know that the job is awesome and exactly what I expected, having a real fun time here. There is so much to do! - A little Bird' And sent. That was the only email for the day, working for an oil firm had it's perks, but i wasn't going to delay telling the FBI about the back alley deals or the IRS about the unclaimed bonuses, that just wasn't going to do. Plus, I'd been found looking in the wrong files at the wrong time of day. Mr. Koyama and I had just laughed it off but explaining that shit was never fun. Like the devil when you talk about him, Koyama showed up at my desk with a coffee in hand. "Hey Matthews. This is for you, sorry I kinda came in swinging yesterday, I talked to head office and they weren't too happy with how I handled things." "Oh it's all good sir," I answered while spinning around in my rolling chair. "Here, have this coffee on me," he said and handed me the coffee before taking off down the walls of cubicles. "Well don't mind if I do," I took a big gulp of the coffee, two sugars and like warm, just the way I liked it. But god damn was I tired just about a second later. "Caffeine must be defective," I chuckled before taking another swig. Okay, I didn't feel good anymore. I think it was time to let Mr.. Ko.. to let the boss know I was calling it for the day. I used my desk as leverage to stand up and then dropped right to the ground. Mr. Koyama and two men stood over me as my vision faded away to black and an important question hit me before a boot did. Did killing me count as firing me? 