
"FOLJSAM." "Fool...jam?" "No, FOLJSAM." "Ohhh, you like in Skyrim. Fus roh dah..." I could tell the store manager was getting impatient, but I had to entertain myself somehow. My wife and I arrived two hours ago to pick up a new dining room table, yet somehow we'd become mired in the kitchen section. I couldn't even see her anymore over the precarious tower of pots, pans, utensils, and mysterious kitchen "essentials" that I couldn't even name. "FOLJSAM. As in FOLJSAMSHACKLESNICKENFAN," the manager drawled in a thick Swedish accent. If I was ever going to be an evil emperor, I'd make my army wear blue and yellow. I never realized how painful that combination was to look at until now. "We should get two," my wife said. "Just in case we have company." "I don't even know what a *Foolsjama* is!" Even the word felt bitter in my mouth. More than bitter actually - the syllables lent my air a downright acidic feel as it washed over my tongue. "Stop messing around, honey. This is important," my wife said. I couldn't answer. I couldn't even breathe. The burning in my mouth intensified, and I could swear a green mist was beginning to pour out. I started coughing, suddenly finding myself on my knees without even realizing I'd fell. "Is he okay?" The store manager. "He's just being dramatic," my wife replied, not taking her eyes off the back of an oven which was big enough for a Witch to cook children. The green smoke was taking shape now. The unreality bent and shaped as though molded from an unseen wind, all the while growing thicker and more corporal. I braced my hands on the floor to stop from falling on my face, coughing and *heaving* so hard that my entire body shook and I could feel my shoulders convulse from the pressure. "Do you have this in any other colors?" My wife. "Yes, but you have to paint it yourself. And we don't sell the paint." "Oh that's okay. As long as the rest of it is -" "You will also need to install your own wires," the manager interjected. "But don't worry, we also sell a set of cabinets that contains books on electrical engineering." And then they were gone, rounding the corner in the infinite expanse of winding aisles which I was mired within. It was just me and the quickly forming Demon now. Green horns ruptured from skin which bubbled like molten lava in its interior. Savage fangs punctured through the cloud, ripping its own skin until it devoured a hole to form a mouth. Beady eyes, long talons, and a tongue like a writhing serpent - I was loathe to even look upon the monster. But look I had to, because my life depended on it answering a single question: "Do you want to just come home with me and order on Amazon instead?" The Demon nodded. I let out a long breath of relief. There was nothing to be afraid of anymore. --- [More from author](http://www.reddit.com/r/sirtobiaswade) 