
"So I'm going to what now?" I ask. I stare at my client. An old man, who was sitting down on the chair facing against me. "You heard me. I want you to kill me." The old man said. Now this was a tricky situation for me. This old man was said to have **NO** weaknesses at all. An immortal in every sense. No magic spell to reverse, no miraculous bullet to the head, no blessed or cursed sword to strike him down, no poison to harm him, absolutely no way to kill him. Yet here he is asking me to find a way. "I'm just tired. I'm tired of this world that was made for a race that always fights with itself. Arguing about which person is right or which divine being is real. I'm tired of seeing ungrateful children, rotten adults, and tired old men. I'm just...." "Done." I finish his sentence. I stare at him directly in the eye. His eyes reflect so much wisdom, yet it just seems to be so tired. "Young man, I know this is a lot to ask, but I'm begging you. I've already lost my son to a crowd of madmen and traitors. I just want to see him again." You can hear it in his tone already. As if all energy was drained from his body, all his soul was spent and all his will was shattered. His body mirrors this, as his body looked frail as well. You could see every bone as if the muscles weren't there and that the skin was just a blanket to hide those bones. I'm thinking of every possibility, but nothing enters my head. I want to say no, but just seeing people like him is what made me start this business in the first place. *"God fucking damn it."* I mutter to my self. "I'll find a way old man. Just give me some time." I say to him. Hope. It showed on his face so obviously. Like after a long journey, he's already seeing a resting point. "Thank you." He said to me. "Just send the payment to me by tomorrow. I promise I'll get this job done. I always do." I stand up from my chair, ready to leave. "Oh, young man." The old man called out to me. I turn to face him, only to find him gone. *"Try not to use my name in vain."* I stare at the empty space where he once sat. Motivation begins to fill me. I turn to walk away. I'm going to be the man who killed God. 