
"Contact reestablished. Support will arrive soon." I blinked. The red letters still hung there, glowing dimly on the screen. The realization that anything in this dump could still be functional took its time in settling in, and my mind reeled. "Destroyed, Disassembled, and Deemed Worthless." The rubbish and waste of Kal-Yrg wasn't known for its usefulness, and it was my job to find exactly this: a console, some sort of ancient comms system from the Worlds' War, still functioning. At best, to this point, I'd found a couple of intact computing consoles with their guts long removed and repurposed. My modest living relied on the timely reporting and delivery of any such articles, but these finds were rare, and even if such a trinket happened to find its way into the black market, no one seemed to care much. After a while, I didn't either. This was different. The words still glowed red on the screen: "Contact reestablished. Support will arrive soon." I'd be lying if I said the message didn't spark a moment's hope in this tired old heart. I'd be a fool if I told you I thought for more than a second it was anything more than an old and probably dysfunctional mechanism showing the last message it ever displayed. Still, my mind had trouble grasping the concept of functioning tech left in the wastes... The Kal-Yrg Wastes went on for several hundred kilometers. Some folks said it was a fifth of the land on the planet. Those folks were wrong, but that's the feeling it gives you. Immense. Mountains and plains and rivers of refuse- the Graveyard of Humanity. The sheer amount of garbage would make it hard to parse out everything I guess. That's why I was there, after all. Someone had to make sure they made a proper and complete mess of our society. No half measures. No circuit board left alive. That being said, the chances I'd stumble upon something like this some three hundred years after its usefulness had expired seemed astronomically slim. The Scions (that's what they call themselves, our *gracious hosts*) were infamously thorough, and, to the best of my knowledge, nothing we'd designed that long ago would've lasted more than a couple decades, let alone centuries. I was indecisive for weeks. Do I turn it in to the Containment Officer? Sell it and hope it couldn't be traced back to me? The thought of opening it up myself flashed in my mind for a moment, but was quickly disposed of - I had no idea how ancient tech worked. A younger me might've panicked, but I didn't have much care for worrying all that much these days, so I let each thought have their turn, weighing one against another until I came to a decision. Unfortunately, I'd waited too long, and the decision was made for me. Just under a month after I'd found the device, the local Investigations Officer came knocking, inquiring about a comms signal that had been picked up and traced back to one of my sectors. I'd played it as dumb and straight as I could have, leading the officer to the device, claiming I wasn't sure I should touch it, the works. But it didn't work, and I was arrested that afternoon. My "trial", if you could call it that, was done within the week. Guilty, the unsurprising verdict. I was honestly shocked I'd even gotten a trial. I was less shocked to see the quality of my internment - that is to say, squalor. I wasted away, tortured, malnourished, and overworked for what felt like an age. In truth, I'd almost forgotten who I was, let alone that little device with its dim display glowing red. I was reminded though, when one morning I found a similar console in the yard. It was smaller, more sophisticated, and it had a small set of instructions detailing its use on the back. Upon following these instructions, I was greeted by a short message on its small but bright display: "Contact reestablished. Support has arrived." 