
The lights were streaming down from heaven. Streaks of colors blazed across the night sky, drowning the stars and dimming the moon, shaming the Northern Lights with their brilliance. I watched from my windy porch nestled between mountain peaks. The generator in the basement failed about an hour into the show, snuggly wrapping the surrounding forest in a pitch-black cloak. "Time to sleep, Daddy!" "One minute, sweetheart." Reluctantly tearing myself away from the cosmic wonder, I realized that my phone was strangely dead. Hadn't I just charged it earlier in the evening? When I woke up, all technology in the home was broken. The microwave was silent, the fridge was leaking liquid into the wooden floorboards, and - worst of all - the coffeemaker was unresponsive. "Daddy! Look at this!" She snapped her fingers, and a small flame appeared in front of her. It hovered in front of her like some sort of werelight, bobbing with the breeze. "How did you do that, Kimmy?" "Snap fingers!" I snapped mine and heard the generator turn back on. The ceiling lights beamed back to life. This was not good. Rushing to my phone, I was surprised to find it hum to life at my touch. There was a top article on the major news sites. *Age of Magic?* I read it over my morning cup of coffee, grateful that although myriad abilities had cropped up, mine happened to be some sort of electricity power that revived my trusty old coffeemaker. I apparently shared that skill with a few people who had made their way to the internet servers, posting the article for anyone who could read it. I was worried. Not too worried, because Kimmy and I were fairly safe this deep in the mountains. But what would happen come school in September? What fate lay in wait for civilization as we knew it? Kimmy was smarter than I gave her credit for. She was careful with her fire, but practiced like she was some sort of budding mage. Which, I suppose, she was. "Welcome to River High!" I greeted the principal when September dyed the mountains red-orange. "Hey, we're sort of away from the beaten path. What's been going on around here?" He shrugged, adjusting his tie. "Honestly, folks are just doing their best to get by. It's tough, working without a good supply chain, but we're trying to get enough food to survive the winter. You're an electric snap? We could use someone like you in town." "I'll go take a look." I came back to pick Kimmy up at the end of school and saw smoke from a mile away. By the time I got there, all that remained was a pile of burnt twigs and shattered dreams. The principal lay trapped underneath a beam of charred wood, blood dribbling out of his mouth. "What happened?" I yelled. "Raiders," he gasped. "Stole. Promising kids. Rest dead." "My daughter?" "With. Them." He didn't last much longer. I stayed by his side, trying to give him what small comfort I could offer. I looked across the horizon, watching as a smoke trail gently floated away. Snapping my fingers, I watched crackling electricity dance across my knuckles. "Hang in there, sweetheart. I'm coming." --- Edit: There are so many comments :O thank you so much for all the support! It's really inspiring~ I'll try to respond to each one individually, but I was thinking...first, I'm going to write. I'm going to draft up the first full chapter of this hypothetical book, and put it side by side next to the first chapter of what I was originally going to do for NaNoWriMo. Would people be interested in putting what I do for NaNoWriMo to a vote? Hey there! Thanks for reading :) feedback makes my world go round. My stuff is at [/r/Remyxed](https://www.reddit.com/r/Remyxed/), and you're always welcome there! 