
"I heard his dad is sells vacuum cleaners." Zane closed his eyes and wished he could disappear. It was hard enough that he was starting at yet another school, but it was even worse that the same rumors that ruined his life last time were here again. "So you're telling me that he sucks?" One of the boys behind him said it loudly on purpose. "Is that right, kid? Are you here because you suck?" Zane tried to ignore the laughs as much as the question. He just had a few more classes to get through then he could go home. Maybe he could fake being sick tomorrow, but convincing his mom of that was always tricky. "Hey, I asked you a question!" Someone pushed Zane's head, and he barely caught himself before his forehead slammed into his desk. He held his head rigid, his neck muscles fighting back against the hand as it pushed again and again. "That's your power, right? Sucking hard?" The hand on his head shoved one more time then let go. Zane turned around in his desk to find three of the other boys leering at him. Where was the teacher? The class was supposed to have started five minutes ago. "He looks a bit slow." One off to the right observed. "Maybe his mom is a sloth!" "That right? Your dad get freaky with a sloth? Got a little vrm vroom action there?" The ringleader kept it going. All three began to laugh as he made vacuum cleaner noises and morphed his hand into a something like the hose attachment. The class was starting to join in at this point. The teacher wasn't here. It was a spectacle now. It was *funny*. "Please stop." "I'm sorry." The ringleader put on a sad face. "What was that? I couldn't hear you over the VRRRRRRRMMMMM." More laughter, and the more Zane hated. He didn't want to be here. It was going to be just like the others. He tried to control it, he really did. They always pushed him and he asked them to stop, but they always pushed and pushed and- "Sloth mom!" Someone else shouted as the laughter started to fade. "My mother is an astrophysicist." Zane tried to sound a little louder. "Like for Phys Ed? Your mom got a mullet? Mulletsloth?" The laughter was like a wall around Zane. It was pressing in. Everywhere he looked they were laughing. Even when he looked down he could hear it. He could *feel* it. His hands darkened. It was happening again. "Please stop it." Zane felt the power wind its way through him. "You have to stop." The ringleader grabbed Zane's head again and tried to slam it down on the desk behind him. "Make me, suckboy!" *Snap* What happened next would take a while for people to understand. The technical term for what the class observed was spaghettification. For half of a portion of the tiniest second, Zane altered the molecular density within the ringleader's body to be so dense and so compact that it sucked the rest of the kid into himself. One moment he had been there, red face leering and hand grabbing Zane's hair... the next there was a small, round speck no larger than a grain of sand. The pull of it caused a minor whirlwind to rage inside the classroom until Zane got it under control and shut it off. The room was dead quiet as Zane stood up. His scalp hurt from where the kid's grip had torn out a good clump of his hair as he had been compressed. Everyone in the class had stopped laughing. Now every eye was wide and shaking. A kid three seats away slowly pissed his pants and no one noticed. No one dared break away from looking at Zane. It always ended this way. It always did. Maybe this time they would let him stay at home. --- [/r/TheWordsOfXacktar/](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheWordsOfXacktar/) 