
"It is SOO awful here!" I exclaimed for the third time in five minutes. "Just damn me or not the indecision is literally torture. Like, I think I Skipped the purgatory and went straight to hell." &#x200B; "Young person, What has you so troubled?" asked a man sitting at one of the cafeteria tables, his charred chicken breast half eaten. &#x200B; "Well for one, my shoulder is sore, because all the beds here feel like the ones from my college dorm. My head hurts 'cause I can't find any soda that isn't diet, and my only choice of food is over-cooked chicken or pizza with Friggin PINEAPPLE on it!" i complained, voice rising in volume as i walked to his table and claimed an empty plastic chair. &#x200B; "So pick off the pineapple." replied a mustachioed man from another side of the small uncomfortable table. Before following suit with the mushrooms on his own pizza, though it had come from the same box. &#x200B; "Oh, Just pick it off, Thanks for that Gem, Nietzsche!" I shook my head "I don't even have any Family, How long does it take for people to Forget an orphan with a youtube channel?!" &#x200B; "I have heard of this You tube. What did a young person such as yourself put on the internet?" replied the older guy. &#x200B; "Well, I put up a bunch of videos of my cat, in a Star Wars jumpsuit, jumping around a AT-AT cat tree i made. I think my names on the video." &#x200B; Nietzsche choked on his newly mushroom free pizza, "Oh man, That sucks for you. You're gonna wind up here as long as that guy!" he said pointing into another corner. I half stood, looking over the strange polish guy's big hat to catch a glimpse, of the corner where the grey haired man sat. His empty plate hold several dozen onions evidently picked off his own pizza, slowly arranging them into Triangles. &#x200B; "Is that?" &#x200B; "Yep, You think being known for philosophy was bad. Imagine being stuck here for something a bunch of people actually use, like Math." Nietzsche stood up and sighed. "I know by the time i walk down three flights for cream my coffee will be slightly to cold for my taste, but i'm going to go anyway. See ya around kid, With your name on a Cat video, you're going to be here a while." 