
I dropped the books in a fit of annoyance, flicking one of my braids back over my shoulder. The creatures glared back at me from just beyond the pool of pale yellow light which drifted lazily down from the ancient lamp above. I could see them shifting; squirming and jockeying for position. They wouldn't come into the light, but they would get as close as they could. I checked my watch. Just two more minutes. A bead of sweat dripped from the top of my scalp, using the part which separated my braids as a channel to race downward, not stopping until it slammed into the collar of my white school uniform dress shirt. My hands twitched in anticipation. I glanced down at the books. Not yet. It was then that I saw him, standing off in the distance. A man. He was tall, dark-skinned, and handsome. He looked at me, not yet seeing the things which lurked in the shadows. He opened his mouth to call out. I tried to signal for him to shut up - to curtail the sound before it even came out. But he did it anyway, of course. "Hey!" the man called out. His bright orange jacket would not do him any favors in a few more seconds, I knew. The creatures turned toward the sound. Still a full minute to go. Shit. I twitched nervously, my dress shoes grinding the loose asphalt of the parking lot into even smaller bits. The man still didn't see them. "Run!" I yelled, knowing that it wouldn't matter soon. But he saw them then - I could see the knowledge and subsequent fear spread across his features as the beasts spilled over one another to run at him. Before I knew what was happening, the cataclysmic eruption of gunfire rang out. The man was quicker than I'd expected, and was already putting rounds into the beasts. Still, there wouldn't be enough time. I'd have to just risk it. I knelt to the ground in front of the books. The alignment wasn't complete yet, but it should be close enough to make the jump possible. I flipped the largest book open, scanning pages for the exact spot I needed. Finding it at last, I whispered the text and pressed the button on the side of my watch. A blinding flash exploded across my vision, and then the world was frozen around me. I gathered the books into my arms, stood, and used my free hand to brush the dirt from my knees. I looked around me. The man was glaring fiercely toward the creatures, some of which were frozen in mid-leap as they covered the short distance between themselves and his position. I ducked under one and dodged around another as I made my way over to the man. Reaching him, I lowered his arms and took the gun from his clenched fists. It was heavy and this vessel was weak, but I would have to manage it. I moved to each of the creatures, putting a round between its eyes. The recoil hurt, but it was worth the effort. Foolish as he'd been, the man had tried to do the right thing, after all. My work done, I replaced the now-spent weapon into the man's grasp and moved back to my place in the street lamp's glow. I pressed the button on my watch once more, and the darkness of space whipped up around me. The man, and the creatures he'd now have to explain to himself every night as he lay staring at the ceiling, faded from my view and my mind. 