
"What happened to Bill and Janet?" Gabe asked as he bent over to catch his breath. The suit felt stiff and tight. His skin was hot with sweat making the experience even worse. Through his fogged visor he saw that Yumi and Jake looked equally miserable. "They were there a second ago..." Yumi looked behind them. Gabe followed her gaze. Nothing but endless red dirt. "Bill? Janet?" Jake shouted as he pressed the comms button on his shoulder. "Bill? Janet? Can you hear me?" Gabe turned around. They'd been running for what seemed like hours. They'd gotten lost in a sandstorm during an expedition. Their rover malfunctioned and had to hoof it the last couple of miles. That's when they heard it. A rumble as if the sky above them were tearing in two. Jake and Yumi had broken into a run first. Gabe chased in pursuit, trying to get them to calm down so they could come up with a plan. Then they'd stopped. Bill or Janet were no longer with them. Off in the distance Gabe saw something shimmer. "What do we do now?" Jake asked as he slumped down on the ground. "We shouldn't have run," Yumi said. "It's because of us they're lost." "Maybe so, maybe not." Gabe tapped her on the shoulder and yanked Jake up to his feet. "There's something in the distance. Right there, see it?" Gabe pointed to the shimmer of light he'd seen. "That's where we're heading. Let's go!" He wasn't interested in their commiseration. They could blame themselves for Bill and Janet later. As their leader, he knew where the real responsibility lay. Him. Those two souls rested on his shoulders. So did Yumi and Jake. Right now he needed to get them safe. "What is that?" Jake asked after they'd jogged closer. "It looks like a hab," Yumi said. "A really old one." "Is that a Soviet Fl--" Jake's voice was lost as he his body tore apart. Gabe and Yumi watched in horror as the atoms of his body seemed to evaporate into a mist. The swirl of color that used to be their chief engineer lifted up into the air and disappeared. "Run!" Gabe grabbed Yumi by the wrist and yanked. Together they raced toward the Soviet hab. Again, Gabe heard that rumble. This time it was followed by a sound like a great gust of air pushing and then pulling against itself. Then another rumble. Their bodies slammed into the hard metal of the hab. The sound they made reminded Gabe of an empty corn silo being struck. "Find the door!" His hands rubbed over smooth metal and the occasional bump of a rivet as his eyes scanned for an opening. "Found it!" Yumi shouted. The entrance was several feet off the ground, but the door handle was chest level. Gabe opened it, hearing the old metal groan. Gabe flung Yumi inside, lunged in after, and then slammed the door with a bang that rocked the building side to side. "What happened to Jake?" Yumi asked as she sat up on the floor. "His body just..." She shook her head. "Is that what happened to Bill and Janet? Did they...?" Gabe half-listened. He was interested in what he could find in the hab. There must be some way to get them back to their base. Back to the ship. They had a return ticket home, they just had to *get* to it. On a desk he found a journal. Most of it was written in Russian, but the last entry was in both Russian and English. The same thing written over and over. "What?" Yumi asked as she stood up. "What is it?" Gabe lowered the journal. His stomach felt like it had just gone in free fall. He looked at her, and then at the door. "Gabe?" Yumi's voice went up an octave. "What does it say?" "In Soviet Mars, air breathes *you*." &nbsp; ---------- &nbsp; At /r/StevenLee, stories read *you*... well, maybe not, but they're better than a poke in the eye. Some of them at least. 