
"Oh for the love of..." Picard muttered, recognising the courtroom he had been in at least three times now. "MON CAPITAN!" came the harmonious voice of Q, his flamboyant form floating gayly above on a hovering chair. "The time has finally come to answer for your-" Picard sighed. "No." Q flinched. Almost invisible, but it was there. "-numerous and heinous crimes against-" *"No!"* He didn't know what to do. For the first time in their some thirty years of this, Picard had seen him truly caught offguard. It was shameful. Even the grotesque audience, a figure of Q's imagination, seemed confounded by Picard's response. So he smiled. "Picard, my dear friend, I don't believe you understand the gravity of the situation," he eventually went on, clasping his hands together in a thinly veiled attempt to regain composure. "You are, in fact, *d-"* "Dead?" Picard interrupted. Again, a flinch. "Y-yes. And I am here to judge you for your-" "Q, I have died at least," he counted on his fingers, "five times since we've known each other." "So?" "So if there's a light at the end of the tunnel I should very much like to see it!" "Light or flame? We shall now deci-" "Q, I am *not* going to do another one of your trials!" He pouted. The trials were his favourite thing to do. "But I have such wonderful material this time!" "And I'm pushing *ninety!* I have a lovely cottage in Languedoc, a vineyard that needs tending, and a back that apparently still hurts in the afterlife. I'm *not* doing the court thing again!" He frowned. "I could force you." "You wouldn't enjoy it." "How do you know?" Picard smirked. "Because I know *you* Q! When have you ever forced me to do anything? You enjoy coaxing me into your schemes and games! Why now? It's been decades!" "Because I'm bored!" "So get a holodeck! Q, the world is full of important people to harass and I am -- *thankfully* -- no longer among them. You will find much greater pleasure in toying with the young generations of Admirals. I think their dealings with the Romulans will give you endless fun." "So no matter what I do, you won't comply?" "Not a chance." Q squinted. "I could immerse you in boiling oil for a thousand years." "And you'd be waiting a thousand years for your play. Q, I am sorry. I am not the man to entertain you anymore. I am far too old, far too rickety, and far, *far* too retired." He leaned back in his chair and scoffed. "What's the point then? Fine. Go back to your books and your wines. I have no further use for you." In the moment before he vanished, Picard's eyes rolled back in his head and he sighed. It was a long, deep sigh, full of the breath of countless worlds. Full of missions and mortality. Full of fatigue. "Except that..." Q muttered, waiting for the man to truly be gone before he spoke. Even then, he paused for a moment, as if even the conjurations around him might overhear. The courtroom dimmed, the effort necessary to maintain the illusion overcome by apathy. One by onew the mindless jeerers and jurors disappeared, unaware that they were, in essence, dying. Yet they had never existed in the first place. Eventually Q himself began to vanish. He had no body. He was not human. The nothingness crept up his legs, across his knees, and enveloped his body. Eventually all that was left was a mouth and two eyes, arching downwards into an unconscious display of human emotion. A frown in the void, like a Cheshire cat. "...I'm lonely," he finished. And then he was gone. 