
"But it's not fair!" screamed the merchant. "I should be allowed to charge whatever I want to! It's my stuff!" The rotund man by this point was very red in the face, almost the color of a ripe apple. He breathed heavily, his bulging chest straining against the buttons of his fashionable coat. Unfortunately, fashion usually doesn't go hand in hand with function. "I'm sorry," I replied, "but due to the lack of rain this year, I cannot allow you to gouge the prices of your vegetables." I reached up and scratched my forehead, grazing the large scar that went across my eye, or rather, what used to hold my eye. The accident was so bad they couldn't even save the orb. Two years ago, I was out hunting with the intent of giving anything I killed to a local orphanage that had recently suffered a loss of their storehouse to a fire. My company and I had tracked down this large, wild boar that had been terrorizing the local wood nymphs for weeks. While we managed to slay the mighty beast, one of the members of my hunting party was crushed underneath his horse that had fallen when it was struck by the leg of the boar in its death throes. I immediately jumped down to help the man, but was caught in the face by a flailing hoof from the horse. Grimacing through the pain, I managed to drag the poor man out and administered aid to him, including a new technique I had recently learned from a healer that involved pushing on the man's heart and breathing life into his lungs. Thankfully, he survived and is now living on a wonderful pension for his disability that includes food, lodging, and free healthcare. Also, the orphanage was able to survive the winter with the meat provided. "The only reason there is no rain is because of the black magic curse that has been placed upon our land!" retorted the merchant. "And we can only guess where a BLACK magic curse would come from, eh Your Majesty?" The man taunted me while looking at my garb. Admittedly, the all black ensemble was not necessarily the most friendly, but it was also the cheapest color for me to be garbed in. The money that I saved from not buying expensive dyes and fabrics allowed me to open multiple soup kitchens across the city proper. "I don't know what you mean, good man," I replied. "Just because I dress a certain way does not mean I am an evil person. That is like saying all dogs or cats are evil if their fur is a certain color." "Everyone knows cats are evil, my Lord, especially black ones!" The merchant stood up straighter, placing his thumbs into his belt. Clearly, he felt that he had gained the upper hand. "I know many others besides myself who would agree that since you took over the crown after your father and older brother died, things have gotten strange around these parts. Not only has the weather been horrendous, but we've faced disease, dragon attacks, and even a witches convention within our walls!" I sighed and shook my head sadly. This poor man did not know what he was talking about, but he was gaining support, as several members of the audience were beginning to nod their heads, and a few were even openly wearing scowls. "Those weren't witches, those were nurses who were meeting up to train about new techniques to help people," I said. "Because of scientific advancements, we know more about ways to help people, and these gentlemen and ladies were gathering to teach that knowledge." "Oh? Then why are they cutting up dead bodies? Why are they practicing evil arts upon the corpses of our fallen brethren?" huffed the merchant. "I think that you don't want to admit that they were witches. I also am wondering if you are more than you seem! A man who allows such barbarous acts and obvious sorcery and necromancy within his kingdom obviously is hiding who he is!" screamed the man. Numerous cheers from the audience echoed his thoughts. The crowd was getting out of control. I stepped down from my throne and walked towards the man, hands held up in an open manner to show my intention to be friendly. Despite this, the man saw an opportunity and took it. In just a moment's time, he managed to wrestle a spear from a guard that was just behind him and threw the weapon at me. Not again... I sidestepped the weapon and pointed one finger at the merchant. A crackle of flame erupted from my fingertip and engulfed the man. His scream only lasted a moment before he dropped to the floor, only a pile of ashes at this point. I motioned for a servant to sweep up the remains as I walked back up and sat on my throne. I looked at the crowd, fear gripping their eyes as hard as their hand were gripping their coats and skirts. I could only say one thing at this point. "Next!" 