
The first time an asteroid was spotted hurtling towards Earth, the best scientists and engineers in the world banded together to build an asteroid collision defense system. It broke up the asteroid into millions of smaller pieces, some of which landed on Earth. Scientists examined the asteroid fragments and placed them in museums around the world, to commemorate the time when humanity banded together to save Earth. The second time an asteroid headed towards Earth, we were prepared. We fired the rocket and again harvested the pieces. Astronomers said that it was a 1-in-a-billion chance that two asteroids would be on a collision course with Earth in the span of a decade. Conspiracy theorists started making wild claims on YouTube, but for the most part, they were ignored. The third asteroid alarmed the nations of the world. Three asteroids colliding with Earth in the span of a decade was no accident. Scientists and aerospace engineers again collaborated to design a spacecraft that could travel along the course of the three asteroids and investigate the situation. It was decided that the spacecraft should be manned, in case remote guidance systems were insufficient and rapid decisions would be required. Three astronauts volunteered to go on the mission, knowing full well that they would not be able to return to Earth for years, if at all. The spacecraft arrived at the asteroid belt in 3 years. News reporters around the world broadcast the live stream as the astronauts navigated towards a strange metallic object on the surface of one of the larger asteroids. The spacecraft landed several kilometers from the metallic object. The senior astronaut, George, checked everyone's gear and the three men began the short trek to the unknown structure. As they neared it, a hatch opened and a creature appeared at the entrance. It had a squidlike body, with multiple tentacles, and it was wearing some sort of suit designed for its body. It held up a sign saying "Welcome, humans of Earth" and beckoned them to come inside. George relayed the message to mission control back on Earth. After a hasty deliberation, the astronauts entered. Their helmets' cameras continued to broadcast the images as they entered the air lock. George and his men walked into a room that looked like the set of Star Trek: The Next Generation. "You can take your helmets off," a synthetic voice said. The creature removed its helmet to reveal large bulbous eyes set in a mushroom shaped head, with no nose or mouth. "We hope this room is comfortable for you humans. The signals you sent seem to be a little old, but we hope this is adequate." The astronauts sat in the chairs around the room. "We would prefer to keep our helmets on, if that does not offend you," George said cautiously. "My name is George, and this is Alfred and Jose. May we ask who you are?" "Why, we're your neighbors," the alien said. "We call ourselves the Oortlings. We received that interstellar message you sent many rotations ago, and came to investigate." George leaned forward. "Do you mean the Arecibo message of 1974? We sent it to the M13 star cluster." The alien replied, "I don't know which star cluster you call M13. We have been monitoring your radio and satellite transmissions but we do not hear many transmissions about space, or at least about space in reality. There seem to be many imaginary tales you humans have created, but few of them are founded in anything factual." Jose chuckled ruefully. "It stirs up interest in space, in the younger generation, but no, scifi shows are definitely nowhere close to reality. Star Trek was my favorite show growing up, though, so I have to admit it worked on me." The alien regarded him with those large eyes. "Will the rest of your people be coming soon?" The three astronauts looked at each other, baffled. "What do you mean?" George asked. The alien paused. "Perhaps we misunderstood your intent. We had received the transmission and thought you were requesting help. When we investigated your planet, we saw that your natural resources were running out, and that the air had become very filthy. We had assumed you were asking for help to escape your planet, but your technology was not yet sufficient to colonize your neighboring planets. That is why we sent you those asteroids, to provide you with sufficient ores by which you can develop a space colony. But when we saw you had designed a shuttle to approach our ship, we assumed you had more advanced detection capabilities than we had surmised, and were in fact willing to travel to the asteroid belt and establish your colonies here, where the ores are abundant. We have agreed that we are willing to help you establish the first several colonies, and perhaps create an embassy to provide you with guidance." George shook his head. "Well, to be honest, you guys completely misread our intentions, but it's actually not a bad plan at all. I've always wanted to say this, so here goes: Take me to your leader." 