
I am finally free. I see the light of the world, its shimmering splendors all for me to plunder. All of its people for me to rule over. All pf the men... and women for me to have as concubines! I see it and it is glorious! The transition of the spell between the horrid world that mage had imprisoned me took time, I suppose it has beena few hundred years since I can finally be free. The light shines brighter and brighter as I near the breaking of the spell-- BREAK! The spell shatters and I am free! I burst forth from the prison the mage had imprisoned me in. I take a moment to look at my surroundings, everything has changed drastically, no more was I in the desert surrounded by dunes and men who rarely bathed because they couldn't find any oasis in their travels. No more are the arid winds accompanied by the scorching heat of the sun. "Fear me mortals for I am once again free! No longer am I trapped in the puny instrument that mage has trapped me for these past centuries. I am free! Fear me for I am tge prince of djinns, the strongest and most powerful of all beings of the sand and dunes, of the seas and skies, of fire and blood! Fear me for I am-- "Alexa, how much salt should I add to my casserole?" a voice cuts throughmy speech of victory. I sigh and turn my head to the direction of the voice. A middle aged woman is in the kitchen, her hands hovering over the shakers for salt and pepper, undecisiveness in her expression. I pinch the bridge of my nose, "For the last time Linda, you put in a quarter of a talespoon if you're only making the dish for you fat ass!" "Oh my" the woman, Linda, looks to be shocked for a moment but chuckles as she grabs the shaker for the salt. "Watch your language Alexa,and thank you" I glare at her. Now, where was I? Oh yes, "Fear me for I have faced gods and rendered them useless, for I have bleed the rivers of poison, for I have shattered kingdoms! Fear me for I am the prince of the djinn! Fear me for I am-- "Alexa, what's two plus two?" A tiny voice asks. I look down and see the little boy looking up at me. I sigh. I bend down and pat him on the head "Tommy, I already told you, the answer is four and next time, don't interrupt me when I'm in the middle of my speeches" I answer before shooing him away. "Okay..." he sounds dejected but scurries along to the living room where I hope he'd accompany his more annoying sister. I clear my throat and-- "Alexa, what's the weather for today" asked another voice. A man tying his necktie comes down the stairs. "Today's forcast is sunny with a twelve percent chance of light precepetation in the afternoon, James" I answered. "Thank you, Alexa" I take a deep breath and I open my-- "Hey Alexa- "Alexa-- "Alexa,how big can my- "Alexa, can I add cornsyrup in- "Alexa- "Alexa- I scream out. No more. If this is what the world has become then I would gladly accept the mage's prison. I form my magic around me and my puny vessel and with a snap of my fingers I become smoke once again drifting into the seemless edges of the small cylindrical prison. I do not need to enslave mankind for I can not conquer what already has been conquered. I sigh. I wish the Grand Mage never transferred me into this stupid Amazon device ten years ago, that bastard. 