
My grandmother raised me. I guess you could call her, ah, famous. She was a senator for a couple of decades, and so I guess some people in the state had heard of her. Really, I wasn't much interested. I hated politics; it gave me a headache. The only time I had to have anything to do with it was when I had to dress up nice and smile like a good little boy, while grandmother shed fake tears about how devastated she'd been when my parents had died, how happy she'd been to take me in. That was it. She never even forced me to go vote. Okay, so. The tears weren't fake, probably. She was a woman not a statue, though she was damn close. Still, I'm not above a bit of editorializing, and hell I told you the truth in the end, yeah? But anyways. She did push me to go into politics. "Make a difference" she said. "Stand in front of people instead of the glow of a computer screen." I think she didn't just like to see my smile...and yeah, alright, I guess she wanted me to make something out of my life. Still, it doesn't mean I cried at her funeral. She affected some people I guess, she was a senator, she had to have. And that's what mattered in heaven, how many people's lives you'd affected. I'm told she was damn proud of her rank, but that she bemoaned me, her pathetic grandson, who'd affect nothing but the buttons on his almost-broken laptop. Ah but see, I was a writer. No one famous. I'm no Stephen King, Jim Butcher, Brandon Sanderson, Tolkien, or the like. I just liked writing and I liked sharing my writing. I wrote novels that met mild success, I wrote short stories that won an award or two. But mainly I wrote online. Short stories, bad stories, long stories, happy stories, sad stories. All of it. Must've written thousands in my life. To my grandmother it was a waste of time. To the thousands who'd stumbled upon even a single one of my stories, and been affected in some minor way by it - be it a smile, laugh, or tear - to them I meant something. And that meant to heaven, I was level 3008. Perhaps you'll read this and I may find myself going up levels even after I've died. I'm mortal, you're mortal. The house you're in will fall away, governments will collapse, even the seas might even dry up. But words? They're around to stay. *** Check [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) to be touched by some stories. 