
The light of my laptop screen paints the wooden paneled walls shimmering blue. If I had anything better to do, I wouldn't be doing this. Not again. But, I'm bored and I'm tired and I can't fall asleep in this dusty old creaking house. Like something out of those old horror flicks my dad used to make me watch, this house seems to whisper if you listen close enough and scream when you're trying to ignore its hushed cries. "Again?" I hear. It's soft enough that I attribute it to the rumbling plumbing, the whining ceiling fan, any other of the uncountable sources of unwanted sound, because no one else lives here. It's my aunt's house and my aunt died, my parents are dead. All along down the family line are big red X's (*dead, dead, dead*) until you reach me, alive and drowning in student debt from the one and a half years I was able to keep my head above water in college. So the house fell into my name. Tripped and stumbled, felt more like it. The laptop goes dark before flickering, light flashing skin-tone, red, blue, all reflected against the wood. "Seriously, *again!*" This voice, sharp and clearly female, cannot be assigned to any of the noisy appliances. Another voice says, "You ought to be more productive." "Yes, exactly." This crowd of critical, disembodied voices, my own personal peanut gallery, carries on in agreement for several moments more. "What the fuck," I'm saying, slamming down the screen so that the room is dark. The audio, as acceptable as it felt when I was alone, carries on in a vulgar way that leaves my cheeks burning hot, red. "You should know that I-- I have a, um, knife." "Oh! Dear, Lulu, you hear that. The boy's got a knife," an accented voice mocks. There is a jumble of laughter and, all at once, I feel wrapped in the tight, clenching grasp of a room whose walls are closing in. Each breath pulls oxygen out of me. Light-headed, I press myself back into the wall. The woman's voice says, "I'm pretty sure that's *not* what you have." "Nah, it's not." As casually as breath puffs cloudy in the winter, a cluster of figures, not quite human but not menacing either, humanoid and fairly benign due to their relatively short stature, appear in the centre of the room. Before considering my actions, my laptop is hurdling toward them. With a thud and a clatter, it strikes the wall and, after knocking several items from my bookshelf, hits the floor. "What the fuck-- what the--" I'm half crying, trying to catch my breath. One of the figures steps forward. "It's almost inconceivable, even to us," he gestures to the row of onlooking creatures. "But you've called us all at once." "I didn't call anyone? You- I'm serious I'll call the cops?" Each word comes out with such uncertainty that I regret my decision to speak entirely. "Lust, that's easy," he says, gesturing to the laptop. "Sloth, no debate." As he speaks, he begins a slow, observational stroll around my room. Passing a stack of pizza boxes, a sink's worth of dirty plates stacked in a cartoonish pile on the desk, he tuts. "Gluttony, sure. But what about the rest, you ask? What about Greed? Pride? Wrath? Envy?" "I don't understand," I manage. He smiles, hands folded behind his back. If it weren't for the accent, pleasant and English, I'd have surely fled. "Pride, at your service." His clawed hand extends toward me and, again without thinking, grasp it. It's rough and warm, slithering down and clasping tightly around my wrist, pulling me to my feet. "You're unwilling to share the property, hateful of yourself and your family for putting you in this position, envious of those who have that which you crave, and far too prideful to ask for help." "I don't have money, if that's what you want," I say, hitching as I try to tug my hand away. "We're here to help you," he sighs. "If you'll be living here, with us, you'll have to do more than" -- he glances once more at the laptop before looking up at me venomously-- "*that* all day. Your success benefits us. Keep the house well, and we'll keep you well." There's a quick burst of agreement from the crowd before the room is empty once again. My wrist is tingling with non-existent pressure, fading warmth. Hesitantly, I walk toward the pile of dishes and begin to clean, fully prepared to awaken suddenly back in front of my laptop or sprawled out on my bed. With light streaming in through the windows, drapes pulled back, for the first time since I'd moved in the previous week, the dust seems to lift. "You're doing great," says a voice. A small chorus of agreement hums, the heater clatters on, and I continue to clean. ------------------------------------------ Feel free to check out more of my work, as well as [Part Two](https://www.reddit.com/r/EdgarAllanHobo/comments/7wdpt6/house_of_the_seven_deadly_sins_part_two/) of this story on /r/edgarallanhobo 