
My only option, it seemed at that moment, was to leap right out the open window. After all, there were no other viable means of escape - Matilda and her father were at the doorway, blocking my primary exit from the kitchen. The small table on which I had set out dinner afforded little cover, and the cabinets would not have sheltered me for long. How could I have never made the connection? That majestic nose, the unforgiving eye for detail, that discerning palate. I stewed in that thorny silence, wondering if I would survive the three storey fall, and then Matilda's father spoke. "You're Richard?" he said, an eyebrow rising. He was far more subdued than he usually was on TV, but I was sure that the rage had to be seething underneath. Here in my kitchen, where the yellow lights were kinder than the harsh whites of a studio, he seemed almost... human. Matilda's weak smile seemed to say that everything would be fine. How could it be, when you're a poor student who's cooked a meal for Gordan friggin' Ramsey? "Yes, yes I am, Mr Ramsey," I said, almost losing my hand in his bear grip. "Matilda never... mentioned that you were related, otherwise I would never have suggested... cooking at home..." "Oh, it's alright!" Matilda piped up, urging her father to take a seat. "I just wanted dad to see how I was getting along at college, the real deal, no pretense. Just a normal, healthy home-cooked meal, right, dad?" I had a thousand questions for Matilda, but I stifled them, and focused instead on transferring dinner from the stove to our plates. "What would you... say menu for this dinner comprises?" he asked. His voice was still soft, but there was most definitely an edge to it now. "Just simple fare, really," I said. "Boiled cabbage and carrots, mushroom gravy, and... grilled steaks, medium-rare." "Time?" he said. "Time?" I repeated. "He means how long did you... Cook the steaks for," Matilda said. "Er," I replied, intelligently. "I poked the meat? With a stick? When it started getting tough, I... stopped?" As Matilda and her father exchanged silent glances, I wondered if it wasn't too late to take that flight I had considered earlier. "And is this what you eat everyday?" he asked, having turned to Matilda. "Is this what you thought you could get by on?" "But this is fine, dad! Really!" "Um, I do try to make sure I don't over-boil the veggies," I said. "And I try to make sure that-" "I wasn't talking to you," he said. "Dad, please, can you just try it first? There's no need to-" His palm met with the table so forcefully that the plates bounced. "No need? No need? You said you would take care of yourself in college. I let you go, and I find out you're eating this shit? Do you need me to tell you what's wrong?" And just like on TV, he picked up his fork, wielded it like Neptune would a trident, then attacked the meal I had set before him. He speared a carrot, sectioned a sprout of broccoli, then grunted as he chewed on them. Next was the gravy, which bubbled weakly as he stirred the broth. I swear I heard his laugh as he sliced off a sliver of meat for sampling. "Too soft, too bland, tasteless," he said. He turned to me, fire in his eyes, and it was a wonder I didn't just stab myself in the neck to get it all over with. "What do you have to say for yourself?" I wanted to look at Matilda, focus on the last few moments that I could still call her my girlfriend, but something in his voice compelled me to respond. "Well," I said, with my hands under my thighs so that I could stave off the desire to end myself, "Matilda's... picky with her veggies. She'll refuse any and all fibre, but... but it seems she can tolerate them, if, like, they're really mushy. As my nan says, some veggie's better than none..." "The gravy?" he said. "She does like mushrooms," I said, "but too much and she gets an itch. Her curse, she says. So I try to make some for her, once in a while, as a treat. That's about as much mushroom I can put in before she reacts. An ounce more, and then she'll be scratching away." "The meat?" he said. "I could personally do with more seasoning on it myself," I said. "But she gets heartburn if she has too much, and until I manage to wean her on gluten or other alternatives, we've been cutting down... this is not the norm, really. But today was a special day, so I thought, why the heck not." "Dessert?" he asked. "None," I said, suddenly regretting not picking up that quart of ice-cream which had called out to me from the frozen foods aisle earlier that day. "There's cherries and peaches though, at least when she snacks right through them all she'll get is a stomach-ache. It helps her keep her weight down too." He thought for a while longer, then cut another slice of his steak. We followed his cue, and started eating too, though the mood was still far too tense for small talk. Finally, having worked through half of her dinner in silence, Matilda said, "Dad? It's not too bad, right?" Her father, in between mouthfuls, nodded slowly. "Not too bad at all." --- /r/rarelyfunny 