
The greatest disappointment as a demon is to never be summoned. It's like a child never being adopted or like being that last piece of sausage on the charcuterie board that everybody is too awkward to take. You just don't want to be the last sausage. That was Tyler. He was the demon who was never summoned. It wasn't entirely his fault, to be fair. Much like the last sausage might look a little sketchy - maybe it's starting to turn an unsightly color or maybe it has a bite out of it - Tyler's shortcomings were quite frankly out of his hands. They were in his ears, to be precise. Tyler was a deaf demon. As a child, he had learned DSL. Demon Sign Language, not to be confused with the Demonic Summoning Language found in spellbooks of the mortal realm. It was perfectly possible to summon Tyler. The only catch was that it had to be done by sign language because, in case you lack in literacy or memory, Tyler was deaf. So for centuries, Tyler sat alone in the demonic hellscape he was so happy to call home and bided his time, twiddling his fingers and puffing out little clouds of smoke like the ultimate vaper who didn't even need a vape stick. He had gotten pretty good at it, as well as having had more than enough time to practice his demonic skills in the case of his eventual summoning. He was starting to lose hope, similar to how orphans might feel after seeing a mouse adopted before them. He was the odd one out. He was mocked and bullied relentlessly. Demons can be mean, believe it or not, and Tyler's extensive demonic powers were reserved for torturing and controlling humans, not his peers. But there was still hope for Tyler. At a certain low-income high-school in a certain low-income area, a teacher either decided she had had enough and could not stand another day around the students or she was shot to death in one of the countless murders that went unreported or she was sick that day. Either way, a substitute was called to deal with this class of unruly special education students. One would not necessarily describe Mr. O'Shaughnessy as competent enough to supervise a class of first graders at recess, much less competent enough for the class he was assigned. Not quite understanding that his students were verbal and could understand his English, he attempted his best impression of ASL - not Asinine Signing Language but American Sign Language, and accidentally stumbled into the world of DSL - the aforementioned Demonic Summoning Language. It involved a fair number of middle fingers, as he was quite sure that would mean something to his students, as well as thumbs-ups and other questionable gestures. The students were unfazed. Tyler was not. By chance, Mr. O'Shaughnessy's indecipherable signings were actually rather intelligible for a certain demonic entity that was impatiently waiting in the demon realm. Completely unpredictably, Tyler was summoned. He had been caught taking a fiery shit in a summoned classmate's mug of coffee in an act of petty revenge, so when he appeared before the students, he was completely naked and his turd was soon burning a hole through the linoleum floor. There are few things more concerning than a naked man in front of a class of special education students. One of those things is a pooping naked demon in front of a class of special education students. There was panic. Mr. O'Shaughnessy, with all his protective instincts, karate-kicked the door and ran. The students tripped over each other in their haste to follow suit and escape. And Tyler just smiled, fangs dripping with saliva as his watering mouth overflowed - not drool, you should note - and he began the odd possession ritual that would allow him to possess the entire class at once. Tyler had practiced this for years. Not possessing the special education students necessarily, since it seemed like a uniquely dark and unlikely scenario, but possessing dozens of people in one fell swoop. He gesticulated wildly, resembling one of the Gothic dancers found at death metal rave parties or dancing under tunnels. And then it was done. He stood there, in all his naked glory, admiring the congregation of possessed students who sat before him. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 