
I looked at Sir Edwards and had my answer within a second, "He murdered his wife with his cane. She was bludgeoned to death in the early mornings right here in this room." Everyone looked at me in fascination, "As you can see from the picture above the mantle and as can be readily observed in the social section of the London Times, Sir Edward is rarely without his cane with the brass gryphon's head gracing it's top. Yet where is it?" "It was stolen," Sir Edward said simply, going pale, "I have used it my entire life and it was simply stolen." The certainty with which he said this made me read his mind again. There I saw him approaching his wife as she had her morning tea and smashing the brass head into her skull over and over. This occurred not a yard from where I stood. I also saw him following two men carrying something wrapped in a sheet and heave it into the river. It was followed a second later by Sir Edward's cane. "Or so you say," I said smiling at him, "You see, the carpet here has been replaced recently. To hide the fact that it was soaked with blood I would assume. The body found in the Thames was dumped there. Moved from this location. I'm sure upon questioning it will be determined that Sir Edward had help moving the body to that esteemed river that run's through London's heart." "How did you know she was murdered in the morning?" my companion asked me. "Why it's simple," I smiled at him and he brightened, "The autopsy shows that her stomach contained what appeared to be tea and a biscuit, which we know from accounts is Lady Ellingsworth's preferred method of breaking her fast." "That's brilliant, Holmes," Watson told me as Inspector Lestrade was busy taking the fallen Sir Edward into custody. "Of course it is," I said as the butler, who had remained off to the side handed me a note. He was out of the door before I could react. Watson shot me a raised brow in question. I opened the note and read; Dear Esteemed Mister Holmes, I see that you have the gift too. You make them think you are so brilliant. I share your gift, but alas my baser instincts make me use them to enrich myself. Did you enjoy my little show? It will come out in time that I was the mastermind behind Sir Edward's little plot to get rich at the death of his wife. I set it all up, not for money, but to see you in action and determine whether you were brilliant or simply a mind reader. Now I know. I will be seeing you very, very soon. Love, Moriarity "Why Holmes, you're white as a sheet," Watson proclaimed, looking me over with interest. "Watson," I asked, lighting my pipe, "Do you by chance know of a Moriarity?" "No, Holmes, I have never heard of the person," he said and I read the truth in his surface thoughts. I could always dive deeper but I often did not like what I would find when I did. "I fear we shall meet him soon," I said as I stepped into a foggy London morning, "Keep your revolver loaded, old friend." With that Watson and I made our way to Baker Street. 