
How do you make an idea last? Make it really grow roots into the minds of men, when such minds are fickle and rarely capable of grasping any idea fully? You make them follow a symbol. Someone who can speak the words to them and make the words and indeed the very idea a part of their soul, if only for a brief moment. But how do you prevent the rot? Keep the sickly force of corruption that follows all those who gain followers? How you keep the errors of their past from tainting the movements that will change the world? The answer is that it is completely impossible to do this. What do you do then, when their vices catches up to them, and they die with indignity and dishonour? That's where I step in. You've heard of assassins who can walk into a crowd and escape while making the deaths they have caused looked like nothing more than a mere accident. In a sense, I do the exact opposite. When a political leader has had an overdose, or an important artist has fallen down and broken their neck, or if somebody became embarrassingly dead, they call for me. I can make any death seem like a murder. Leave it to me. Actor died of auto-erotic asphyxiation? I make it seem like a mob hit, make the actor a hero for not allowing the mob to influence the arts. Proud and rich man pays me to ensure that his death will be mysterious and spoken about, when he is dying from some sort of embarrassing disease picked up from an overuse of exotic courtesans? I make it seem like an anarchist plot as I blow up his sick bed. Vain model dead because she refused to get medicine which would have given her acne? Make it seem like a poison job by a jealous rival. Why? Because you need drama. If you die a stupid death, your star dimishes. Many live grand lives, but fear mundane deaths. So they bring me in. Make it seem like their deaths were as glamorous as their lives. Sometimes even more. It isn't easy. I make sure that there are untraceable but clear signs of intruders in the house. Untraceable hair bought directly from beggars in Central Asia, which police in the states won't be able to identify. Clear signs of a struggle. Perhaps even some blood here and there. Or perhaps make it so the overdose taken seems forced upon them, that one is always a good one for people to argue over. Some might ask what if rigor mortis has set in, what if it seems that the body might have been dead for hours or days before they got injured? Easy. I am an able chemist, and a wizard with the human body. With the right knowledge of the human body, the right chemicals, the right way of doing things, I can make any corpse seem like it was killed by its post-mortem wounds. I can't work on corpses older than three days, unless they've been frozen. But I can make any corpse that falls into that criteria, seem as if it has died from the evil will of its detractors, turning it from a case of pity and scorn, into a story of determination and bravery. And today, oh today I have a masterpiece on my hands. The Vice President is dead, and I have to make it look like a brutal murder. As I work, I can say that I am positively giddy. Because I have to make it look like it was the president who did it. The greatest story told via a murder that never happened. He just had a stroke. The face is the first I correct, make it look betrayed and scared. The wounds come next. Strangling around the neck, leaving bruises, after the VP fought off the president in this story written with an exquisite corpse. A knife wound in the arm, with the VP's own blood re-liquefied from its dried form, following out naturally. A few slashes across the stomach. Finally, the braindamage, partially to keep the stroke hidden, partially to show the brutality of this murder. I know how to be quiet and secretive, so I already have hair from the president. Already have his fingerprints on the murder weapon. It has been deposited in his private quarters. When I am done, I have to take a step back. The perfect fake murder. Indistinguishable from the real thing. And my biggest job yet. Cults who don't want the sheep to know that the guru was a filthy bastard, companies that don't want their image tarnished from the actions of their CEO at the time of their death, rich families covering up their screw-up members when they inevitably jump into that early grave. They've been nothing compared to the scope of this day. This'll go down in history. When the president tries to flee in his helicopter, there will also be a subtle error in the engine, causing him to crash and burn. The work of my esteemed counterparts, who make deaths seem like accidents. I walk out and blend in with the crowd as a noticeable person but not a particularly suspicious one, in contrast to my counterparts who are good at being unnoticeable, but seem very shady wherever they go. Everyone puts me down as looking like a noticeable, but harmless goof. I hear the police sirens, I hear the press talking about the rumour. I see the helicopter fly away and then crash down into the National Mall. Perfection is my art. Everyone will always agree that you must have been murdered when I am done with your corpse. [/r/ApocalypseOwl](https://www.reddit.com/r/ApocalypseOwl/) 