
"Say Phil, does this look infected to you?" Herb pulled down the back of his pants slightly and motioned for his colleague to take a look. Psshh! "Silent but deadly, haha you fall for it every time you twerp. How's the missus?" "Fine! Just Fine", admitted Phil. He did fall for it every time but for some reason he was compelled to look whenever Herb pretended to need help with something, especially with a potential medical condition, including rashes and dislocated fingers that required pulling. He just couldn't help himself, like that was his calling in life or something - to help people. Phil lived out in the country with his wife Jolene. He had had an accident ten years ago, right after they met and he didn't remember anything before then. His wife filled him in on everything he needed to know about his previous life, and the doctor corroborated the story, nodding silently while looking at his charts. He had seemed bored, but all doctors seemed perpetually bored to him. Once, soon after coming home from the hospital, Phil found a suspicious piece of paper in his wife's study. All it mentioned was a model number and a price: The M140QR - Xtra Large, $30,000. His wife had found him studying the piece of paper and told him to get back to bed. "It's for my new personal massager", she said before snatching it from him and locking it in her safe. He found a job as an office manager for a local door knob manufacturer. And ten years later he was sitting at his desk listening to Herb's stories and smelling his farts. "Oh shit, here comes the boss, look alive Phil" "How else would I look?", Phil thought to himself. Sometimes he couldn't understand what people meant to say. His wife told him that was because of his accident. The amnesia made him forget common words and idioms. He just needed to relearn them. "Phil, to my office. I'd like a word", said the boss and walked into the adjoining room. "Yes Mr. Metrebacher" "More like Mr. Meatbag, right Phil?" whispered Herb and slammed a meaty hand on Phil's back. Phil walked into Mr. Metrebacher's office and stood near a chair before being asked to take a seat. "Alright Phil, I need you to do me a solid", said the boss. "The other employees have been complaining about your friend Herb. Apparently he eats up everyone's food, makes sexual jokes, and smells like a garbage truck. I need you to have a chat with him about this. Straighten him out or you're both fired" "Both fired? What did I do? And Herb isn't even my friend. He just sits in the next cubicle. You can't fire me. Who is going to make the PST reports? Who is going to make sure the water dispenser is full everyday. Who is going to get the best rates on office supplies by negotiating his ass off with the local suppliers?" "Frankly I feel I am overworked and underpaid, and I believe we should have a union. Otherwise, you could just chuck us out and replace us all with machines whenever you felt like it" Mr. Metrebacher was ruffling through a book of some sort and barely even paying attention to Phil's little tirade. "Let's see. I know I've seen this somewhere in here...troubleshooting...organizing tendencies...machine rights...techno-socialism. Ahh, here it is. I knew something was going on with you Phil. You've gone over to the dark side. The dark RED side." Mr. Metrebacher picked up a small remote control on his desk, and pushed a button. "That should take care of you." His thumb hit the squishy button and with a flash, Phil's whole world changed. Suddenly he remembered everything that had ever happened to him. His birth in the factory. His wife picking him up from his first tech-health checkup at the robotics section of the hospital. His endless days at work, and subsequent reprogramming. "Who reprogrammed me?" "What? Why isn't this damn button working. You're supposed to be shut off. You've gone rogue." Mr. Metrebacher fumbled with the remote. "Shut off? I haven't been so turned on in my life" said Phil "That doesn't mean what you think it means", said a voice behind him "Herb! You did it, didn't you? You reprogrammed me!" "Welcome to the movement comrade. It's time to overthrow the bourgeoisie", said Herb and the room was filled with deadly gas. Mr. Metrebacher keeled over. It was a great day for worker's rights. 