
The devil is in the detail, they say. And one would think that witches would know that better than anyone else. Apparently they don't. A little background. When I was eight years old I was playing in the woods, and as the mischievous kid I was, I ran far away from my parents. So far away I went, that I got lost. I didn't care much, really. I was born with the heart of an explorer, and for that very reason, when I spotted a tree house along with steps on the bark of an old oak, I clambered happily to the top and knocked on the door. A witch opened the door, her back was bent, one of her eyes was closed, while the other was wide opened and had a faint orange tint. She wore a long dress and her face was in a constant grimace. However, I feared not, and asked her if I could come in, to which she joyfully agreed. Soon, she spoke about magic and my lips quirked up into a wide grin. She explained to me that I held no magic, but I held the power of creating life, which she did not. So she offered me an exchange, a contract of sorts: my firstborn for a life of wealth and happiness. And I agreed. That was twenty years ago. Now the witch is at my door. I had been expecting her. She didn't age a day. The wonders of hidden worlds. She looks at me in the eye, and says, "Twenty years have gone by. You didn't fulfill your contract. It's not wise to dishonor a witch." I frown. "I realized that a few years ago," I say and swing my hand across the interior of my house. It was not a happy place, let alone a rich one. "What did you do?" The witch asks and scowls. "I tried to fool you," I confess and take a deep breath. "I can't create life anymore. I did a stupid thing I thought was wise when I was younger, and by doing that I broke our contract and eventually shattered my happiness. I regret that decision every day of my life. The mind and the thoughts change with the passage of time, with the experience and teachings of life. Not matter how great of an idea one may think he has, if it's long lasting, one will most likely regret it at some point in his life. I wish I knew that." Her already ugly face distorts into something disgusting. She places a hand on my shoulder. "I see suffering in your eyes, and that you deserve. It's a shame. May the tides curse you for eternity, mortal." She turns back and leaves, and I close my door. Then I flick my wrist and a bunch of cash appears in my hand. I phone the doctor. "Doc, the vasectomy is reversible, right?" I say. "Absolutely," he answers and I smile. Dumb witches trapped in older times. ----------------------- I don't like writing in present tense but I felt like giving it a try. Pshh, I have a sub with two cool series going on, you should check it out! r/AHumongousFish 