
Grand magistrate Vield looked down from his raised stand into the courtroom. A child stood in the defendant's stand, accused of murder. She glared down at the desk in front of her. Her representative had ignored her for the entire course of the proceedings, shuffling papers to and fro and making a big show of not doing very much. "Do you know this woman?" The prosecutor directed the court's attention to a portrait of a woman in her mid-thirties. "Yes." The girl barely looked up, her lips were tensed into a tight line. "This is your mother, correct?" The prosecutor turned to face the girl, an inquisitive look in her eyes. "No." Vield tapped a cane against a small gong, indicating that she had told a lie. "Step-mother." The girl glared up toward Vield and emphasized the first part, as if that were the most important part of the word. "And, you killed this woman, is that correct? By letting the car run fumes into the house?" The case was relatively cut and dry. The girl had killed the woman in a premeditated fashion, and she showed no physical signs of abuse. It couldn't be passed off as self defense. The brother, sitting in the audience, younger than the girl, had shown severe signs of abuse. He could have perhaps gotten away with self-defense, but not her. "Yes." Vield tapped the gong. Both the girl and the prosecutor looked up in surprise. Vield's face remained expressionless. The woman had a long history of irresponsibility going back to her early twenties when she figured out that drinking was easier than a life of struggle and discipline. Vield didn't mind that at all, people had a right to conduct themselves any way they wanted, in his mind. The problem had come when she had introduced children into the mix and put her problems on them. The prosecutor regained their composure, splitting the questions into parts. "Did you start the car in the garage?" "Yes." Silence. The prosecutor went on. "Did you kill this woman?" "Yes." The gong sounded again. The little girl looked up at Vield, confused. Vield stared straight ahead, unblinking. The woman smoked two packs a day and lived in a rathole. The coroners had only determined that she died of asphyxiation. The car had been off, and out of gas, when emergency responders arrived at the scene, the carbon monoxide levels were high, but that wasn't definitive. Even the blood carbon monoxide levels weren't out of comprehension considering she smoked. There could be any number of 'causes,' mold in the air conditioner, a slight gas leak, freon seeping out of the fridge. It could even have been a rogue burglar with a pillow for all anyone knew. "This is--" the prosecutor paused-- "this is most unexpected, your honor, we have motive, we have the cause of death we--" The gong rang out, interrupting the prosecutor. "We... don't have the cause of death." Silence. "Right. We ask for a continuation, your honor, to review the reports." Vield stood without saying a word and left the chamber. "That little girl's been through enough," he thought to himself. "No need to burden her with a life in prison and the guilt of a death. No, the world would be better served giving her and her brother a new start in life." He couldn't change the facts entirely, but he could do his best to help this little girl. 