
"How's dinner daddy?" I asked as I returned to the table from refilling his glass with lemonade. "Tastes great, son. I couldn't have made it any better myself. You're a chip off the ol' block." I smiled as I watched him spoon another mouthful of chili into the gorge of his mouth. Something small and white stuck his plump wet lips. Perplexed, he unfolded the piece of paper, revealing a newspaper article. The expression of faint recognition quickly turned to outrage. The headline read: **SOUP KITCHEN KILLER STILL AT LARGE AFTER KILLING COP, MAYOR CALLS FOR BLOOD** The unsolved mystery of the Soup Kitchen Killer had fascinated the nation. Detectives, journalists and crime novelists from all over the nation focused their lives and careers on trying to crack the case of the serial killer who had managed to murder a police officer and then escape, never to kill again. The national narrative took on the elements of intrigue and the macabre that always enthralled the nation before. The Soup Kitchen Killer murdered eleven women in a span of six years, earning the quirky nickname from the media for his fondness of mutilating his victims, preparing the remains into a food dish such as soup or stew, and sending the ghastly cuisine to unsuspecting soup kitchens or food drives, who would discover this gruesome deception only when it was too late. For ten years people had debated why the murders had suddenly stopped. They drew the same conclusions they had come to about the Zodiac killer or BTK: that he had either died, been arrested for another crime, or changed his location and modus operandi after he had almost been discovered. But I knew the truth. "Wha's the mean'g of this?" he yelled. His words slurred, and warm chili dribbled out of his mouth and down his chin. "Whereddaya findis?" Good. The rodent poison I took from the neighbor's shed was beginning to take effect. Call it coincidence or fate, I was born the very next day after Officer Jake Garrett was murdered in the abandoned inner city buildings where my father practiced his unspeakable culinary arts. The media reported it was a case of wrong place, wrong time - that Office Garrett had responded to a noise complaint that led to his demise when he happened upon the killer in the act. But I knew the truth, because I *remembered*. For years when I was little I thought I was crazy. At ten years old, I could remember things that had never happened to me. I remember my high school prom. I remember joining the police academy at 18 and marrying my high-school sweetheart. I remember the phone call from my mother telling me my little sister went missing. And I remember when she was discovered three days later, when a homeless veteran fished her finger out of his bowl of chili. I remember the hours spent at the station and at home, obsessively putting together timelines and witness statements and key evidence. I had even managed to narrow his kill zone down to a few miles radius, when the noise complaint came in. Someone had heard a woman screaming when they were walking their dog. I remember entering the dark, musty old abandoned factory with my gun drawn, too late; the woman was already gone. He had been hiding behind the door with a steel pipe. Most of all, I remember the killer's face, forever burned into my memory, those last few final moments. My father's face. I thought I was crazy growing up. There was no way my kind, gentle, quiet father could be capable of such a thing. He had done so well taking care of my mother on her death bed before she had passed from leukemia. But... there were certain things that made me wonder. The crude comments he would make about women after my mother was gone. The look that washed over his face when he saw a woman walking alone and he thought no one was watching. And, he was a chef at the local BBQ Shack. Then one day when I was seven, and I found his trophies in a box under his mattress. He had kept the drivers licenses, credit cards, medical cards of all of his victims. I had spent years on the case, I knew their names by heart. I could have turned him in, of course. *Should* have, maybe. But it was too late for justice... I wanted revenge. He didn't deserve the infamy the media would give him, plastering his name all over headlines. He didn't deserve to spend the rest of his life alive in prison getting letters from fangirls, and interviewed by psychologists who were fascinated by how his brain worked. Not after everything he had taken from me. So I waited. I waited for for a very long time. Ten years - 3,652 days - 87,648 hours - 5,258,880 minutes, to be exact. I watched, and waited, and I grew. This time I had the upper hand. I knew who he was, but he didn't know who I was. His chili-splattered body slumped in his chair, but his glassy, drooping eyes rolled up at me. "All this time I've waited, there's only been one thing I've wanted to know." I said. "What made you stop? Was it your wife? Was it having come so close to being caught?" "You, son..." he whispered, and then he stopped breathing. 