
Commander Xlantor stared down once more at the specimen. It seemed passive enough. Sitting there in its enclosure scratching undecipherable squiggles onto the surface. The squiggles weren't in any standard universal language he recognized. It looked up,at him and once again flashed its teeth and let out a series of short bark noises. The "Hooman" as it called itself, was powerfully built with an endoskeleton of pure hard minerals. "Hooman,Move Rock" Xlantor spoke into the grill. The Hooman looked up at him, it let out a long breath, got up, picked up a massive stone 4 time the weight of an average Kirathian and set it down on the other side of the enclosure then returned to its area. It was strong, but seemed entirely passive. 'And you are certain this is representative of the species" Zlantor said to the research team leader. "No aggression? No...reaction to uncomfortable stimulus?" "No, Commander. We even tried pelting it with droplets of WATER and it didn't react. It just stood there rubbing itself...then DRANK it. We piled a wide variety of vegetative and Meat sustenances in front of it to determine its nutritional needs and it ate ALL of it." "All? You mean it ate vegetables AND Meat? Both?" "Yes, we call it an omnivore and of the thousands of species we've encountered, only a small handful have been this way. All on low resource worlds and all were low intelligence, passive and easily manipulated.". "Very well. We'll continue the final operational planning". **** John looked up from the cage as the tiny little creature once again directed him to move the rock. He sighed, got up picked up the 50 lb. rock and set it down on the other side of the enclosure,then returned to his table. "Sorry, commander fluffles wanted me to move the rock again. Where were we? "Right, Chris said through his cyber implant, we've instituted the final series of commands. As soon as they appear over the Earth, the sequence will trigger." "Good. Mark?" "Yup, all neutralized, and locked down." "Good. And I've pretty much got my plan in place. How these guys got along for so long with absolutely zero cyber security is beyond me. "Right, so the plan. Tomorrow when the Kirathian fleet appears over the Earth, the second they open communications for Commander Xlantor to demand the complete and total surrender, "Never Going to Give You Up" will start playing on all speakers and communications screens across the fleet and in all military and government offices. The ships will then align and begin a dance sequence to the song. Their weapons will all fire harmlessly in time to the music. Then once over, the entire fleet will land and go into complete weapons, systems and propulsion lockdown secured by a quantum encryption code. At the same time, I will trigger the command to buy 1,000,00,000,000 shares of Kirathian Luminars that are shorted by 600% cross their trading platforms using the funds we got from the fake popup messages telling the bankers, military and politicians they needed to call us for an error on their computing device. By end of the day tomorrow, their fleet and entire galactic economy will belong to us Redditors." John looked up once more at his captors, grinned and laughed. 