
"Hey, Dad," I said after opening the door. "Morning, Tim. How are things?" "Great." I stepped through the door. "So for lunch, I was thinking-" "Whoa, hold on," he said, laughing as he stopped me. "When do I get to meet this new roommate of yours?" "Oh... I think he's busy." "Timothy," a monotone voice said from inside the apartment. "I require assistance with the H2O dispenser unit." I cleared my throat and took a step back. "Well, I... I guess you can meet him now. Just a heads up that he's a little unique." "Don't worry, Tim," he said with a laugh. "I had a couple college roommates who were more than a little... um..." He trailed off at the sight of my roommate holding a cat in the kitchen sink. "Dad, meet my roommate, Muhammad." "Muhammad Smith," he said, extending a hand for a handshake. "Nice to uh... meet you, Muhammad." He reluctantly reached out and shook the young man's hand which was still dripping wet and covered in cat hair. "That's an interesting name. Very... unique." "To the contrary. They are the most common names on Earth." My dad nodded politely. "I suppose they are. It's just not a name you hear too often here in Wisconsin. Especially not from a gentleman who is... Hispanic." "Yes, but I am a Human of Earth." "Citizen of the World," I interjected. "Citizen of the World was the phrase that we practiced... the phrase he meant to say, I mean." "Well that's great," my dad said. "So, uh, washing your pet I see." "This creature is not subservient to me. I located him outside of this edifice near our waste disposal bins." "I see," my Dad said, wiping his hand on his jeans. "I seek to understand more regarding how Earth animals react to H2O." "Animals," I muttered. "Not Earth animals... just animals." "With time, perhaps you will understand what it means to be subservient to another species the way you expect this Earth feline to -" "Well, Muhammad, I'm glad you guys got to meet," I said. "But we have to take off. I'll touch bases with you later." "I shall be here, Timothy." As I shut the door to my apartment, my Dad stopped me. "Listen, Tim. I'm glad you were able to find another roommate. Really, I am. I know that break-up was difficult on you and companionship is always great. But I just want to make sure you're not rushing into any-" "Timothy." Muhammad burst through the apartment door, exposing a face covered in claw marks. "The Earth feline has become bellicose. I must run further experiments. When you return, bring me enough sustenance for this animal for at least 150 Earth days." The door slammed shut. "So, where were you thinking for lunch?" I asked. 