
I checked my pocket watch, 10:02am. The bell started ringing at 10:14 yesterday, and repeatedly rang for three hours straight. I glanced across at the Sheriff, he too was checking his pocket watch, his weathered hands gripping his repeater tightly. We were stationed on top of Trudy's Saloon, whilst the Marshall and the Mayor kept lookout inside. The bell rings often and the townspeople know what it means. When it rings more than twice, most move over to the next town for a few days to avoid whatever was going to happen. The last time it rang for three minutes straight, and a vast gang of bandits arrived, but were swiftly cut down by two deputies on Maxim machine guns. I was asleep when it started ringing, and the Sheriff had to wake me up. I'd asked him how long it had been ringing for. It had been ringing for half an hour at that point. The entire town had cleared out by then. The only ones remaining were the Sheriff, the Marshall, the Mayor, and me. I was the only Sheriff's deputy who didn't desert with the rest. Only the four of us. We'd prepared as well as we could. Dynamite traps were set up all around the main street, we'd managed to rent a Maxim gun again, and we had enough ammunition to give a gunslinger a wet dream. I checked my pocket watch once more, and saw the hand change from 10:03 to 10:04. Ten minutes left. I looked down at the square, and it was almost like witchcraft. One minute the square was empty, the next, a strange hooded figure was walking slowly down the street. He carried no long arms that we could see, however there was a large curved sword in a scabbard at his side. As he approached the bell in the centre of the town square, I observed him further. He was carrying a long, thin sword with a radical curve at his left hip, and seemed to be carrying a long dagger on the opposite hip. He wore shadowy black robes, and a large hood obscured part of his face. He seemed foreign, strange. I saw out of the corner of my eye, the Sheriff slowly raising his repeater. I looked at him and shook my head slowly. Considering I was the one who didn't want to shoot him, the Sheriff elected me to talk with him. After all, danger could mean many things, we'd had the bell ring once before when a man ran into town with a poisonous snakebite. So there was danger involved, but not the kind danger we expected. He lived fortunately, but he ended up losing an arm. I shouldered my repeater and climbed down from the building, before walking out towards the stranger. "You anticipate great danger." The man said suddenly, without looking at me, instead focusing on the large, ornate brass bell hanging above the well. "Not me, that." I replied quietly, gesturing at the bell. "I see. I have been searching many years for this relic." The man replied. He spoke perfect English, but with an odd clipped accent, similar to that of an Egyptian man I'd met once in my youth. I checked my pocket watch. 10:09. "How long until it arrives?" The man asked absently, staring at the bell strangely. "Five minutes." I replied, my hands idle. I trusted this bell, so I knew I had nothing to fear from this man, nor anyone else, not for another five minutes anyway. "We have not long then. It will be here by then." The man replied, before turning to face me. I half expected his eyes to be dead and skin to be blackened, but he looked quite normal, save for the odd choice of attire. I was wearing my regular shirt and pants, with my star lobsidedly pinned to my chest. I nodded, and waved my hand above me in a tight circle. The other three knew not to shoot the man now, which I'm sure he'd appreciate. The man turned back to the bell, walked up and began tapping it lightly with his dagger. A strange water sloshing sound could be heard as the knife collided with the brass surface, and I'm sure I saw the surface of it ripple. "What are you doing?" I asked him, before checking my watch again. Three minutes now. "I am calling upon the relic's power to create life in order to call for rain." He replied, as if it were obvious. "Ah. Of course." I stated, hiding my frustrations. I was overlooking a lot here. I always knew the damn thing was magic, as did everyone else for the most oart, but I didn't think it was this powerful. "Why?" I added. "We'll need the rain in order to face him in his human form. You will see soon enough." The strange man replied. I pursed my lips and decided to just take his word for it. "What can I call you?" I asked suddenly, realizing I was putting an awful lot of trust in a man I didn't even know the name of. "I am Prince Al-" and he proceeded to list his name, and his kingdom, both being words I could hardly understand, let alone say. "I can't say that, so I'll call you Al." I replied. Al turned to me and I could swear he smiled at me through the hood. "And you're known as?" Al asked as he stood back from the bell, and vast rainclouds began to form high above us. "I'm Sam" I replied simply, and checked my watch again. 10:14am. "Well Sam, we're about to fight a god." Al replied jovially, glancing at an approaching dust storm across the desert. 