
The quiet busyness of the library dimly echoed through its halls, shaking loose dust that had long-since settled upon tomes larger and heavier than useful. Students drank more coffee as they glared at the time, ever aware that finals were coming, ready or not. With one week to go, the staff had begrudgingly opened the library doors for a full 24 hours so that the more desperate of students could do what they could to get better grades. This was day 3 - hundreds had been sleeping between the bookshelves and dozens more had yet to sleep at all. A thin smoke began to wrap around one of the students who, hunched over a book, was muttering in a long dead language words that he did not truly understand. Words of oath and of contract. Words of power. Shadows extended, warping in the light as though trying to hide from it, and a faint smell of sulphur lingered in the air. Whispers echoed through the surroundings, teasing forbidden knowledge, dark secrets and true madness to those who dared to listen. A crack appeared behind him, red embers falling from it onto the ground as a clawed hand grabbed at the edge, tearing a hole in the world before stepping through, the Demon's terrible form finally released. &#x200B; &#x200B; **"QUAKE, MORTAL, FOR THROUGH YOUR FOLLY I HAVE BEEN SET LOOSE UPON THIS WORLD AND I WILL TAKE--"** "SHHH! This is a library, you asshole." **"OH FOR F-- a college campus? Again?! I've already complained TWICE this week!"** The Dark Lord Aktoos'reath opened another gate back to Hell and stomped through, groaning as he tucked his unfurled wings to his back once again. College campuses were slim pickings for a demon now - without any sleep, the students souls had almost dried up emotionally. Finals week was the worst, as hours without sleep often led to delirious mistakes in pronunciation. Today's summoner had been muttering Latin in preparation for a Law exam, but after two days without sleep it had managed to turn into a contract with Aktoos'reath. This was a contract that a prospective warlock would literally kill their entire family to even attempt, nevermind to succeed without a sacrifice. But without blinking twice, the student had shushed him and gone back to muttering in Latin in the hopes that maybe one more repetition would guarantee a passing grade. Aktoos'reath had made sure it wouldn't out of spite. &#x200B; "Hell understands, your Lordship, but this is the reality of modern Demonics." replied the Devilish bureaucrat, a wry smile on his otherwise charming face. "Even her grace, the Fury Awomans'korne, has had to take over some of the other lesser Wrath demons' calls - as we say, Hell hath no Fury like Awomans'korne." 