
**The Countdown** &nbsp; It was great at first, talking to myself. Well, talking with others who are me, but not me. We all had so much in common, but not enough to be boring. Now, now it's terrifying. It all started with a chat invite at lunchtime from, in my opinion, a very handsome looking stranger with my name. So I Google stalked them for a while. And then I saw the headlines. Well, saw them properly. My sister is right, I can be a little oblivious. I had gone for a walk shortly before I received the chat invite, and been online, and spoken to my mum. But, for the four hours leading up to the invite, I had somehow managed to ignore multiple notifications about the greatest event in the history of mankind. Sorry mum, I was half asleep during the call. They say it was some eccentric genius / mad scientist working in a basement. This person popped the walls of reality, allowing every inhabited dimension to interact via the hole that was created. At first it was tentative, funnelled through the basement's wifi, but soon some engineers rigged up some serious hardware and then the worlds logged on. And then the countdown until our apparent demise started. There weren't many of us in the chat, even with every reality logged in. Basically, humanity hasn't done too well across the multiverse, only thriving in a fraction of the realities. And even amongst those dimensions, we have all evolved at different speeds, leaving even fewer realities able to access social media right now. And, for those realities left over, some weird things had happened. WWII did not always go well for the allies, judging by the number of German and Japanese speakers. But still, the twenty or so English speaking parallel versions of me that could log into the chat were awesome. We talked for days, about everything and everyone. We shared our successes, our failures, our joys, and our miseries. I felt better, happier, unburdened, because of this. Oh and it turns out I really shouldn't regret missing out on that job in Chicago, thanks me from Earth-247! But then it started. The Countdown. One day, mid-chat, I noticed we were down one participant. After some digging, we, the me's, discovered that the me from Earth-793 was missing. Then the reports came in, no one could contact that Earth. We didn't panic, who knew how this new connection worked? Then another Earth disappeared, and then another. Then we started to worry. It became a daily event. Each day at midnight another Earth was gone. Now there are two Earths left, us and Earth-247. Terror, confusion, and all that mess is widespread. What happened? Will we go next? What will happen? It's a few minutes to midnight and I'm sat chatting with me from 247. We're saying good bye in the only way we can, with random insults. I'm going to miss 247. I just hope it's over quick. Almost...three...two...one... And they've gone. I sit, despondent, staring at my computer screen for an hour or two. Then a headline pops up. Something happened at the basement of the mad genius. I click on the link and scan the text. The scientist is missing and apparently the breach between worlds has been closed. And there was a note, written on the basement wall: "Do not do that again" &nbsp; ---- I hope you enjoyed the read! Find more random fictions at r/countsforfun 