
Cian took another step forward in the human world, each one costing him dearly. The strain it placed on him physically, magically and spiritually was almost too much to bear. This was a dark place, a corrupted place, which reeked of fear and evil. When he had reached his destination he gave himself a moment to pause, to steel himself against the terrible cost that would soon be paid in full. The door opened in front of him, and there, bathed in unnatural scathing light stood a demon. It smiled at him, it's painted lips stretched wide and beckoned him in. Cian tried to ignore the demon's words, each one uttered tore at his psyche and the barriers he had carefully placed around himself, with help from the Circle. The cost of this to him was dear, and if he hadn't truly realised it before he knew it now with certainty: he was going to die here. Pushing through into the room he was assailed by more twisted creatures wrapped up in hideous garments, each one reeking of death, each scrap borne from the extinguishment of a thousand lives. Cian's body began to rebel against this profane place with these dark creatures and his vision began to sparkle and fade slightly. He screamed as the stench of annihilation flooded his senses. "You must listen!" He coughed, blood flecks caught around his lips which were now dry and cracked. "I don't have much time. This world will die if you don't listen!" As he uttered the word die a new wave of decay surged through his body as if in mockery and he staggered back, the carefully placed barriers failing and disappating against the torrential assault. Cian dragged himself up to his full height, towering over these foul ceatures and summoned all his might, in acceptance of his end. "This world is ending, there is a great darkness here, a darkness that once nearly extinguished the light of my kind. We lived and loved across the whole face of this planet and life was at peace. We were strong and able to hold off against the terrors the great enemy lay against our doors but we had no answers to his greatest weapon." Cian looked around as his vision blurred. "You. Humans were it's greatest weapon, deployed with deviousness and cunning. You chopped down the living creatures of this world to make your buildings and your clothes and light your fires. Your very blood sings with dark energy that we cannot overcome. It will soon claim me and all of my memories will be dust." "But the great enemy is returning. And he seeks not just the destruction of this world but of all worlds." Blood poured from Cian's nose but he stood defiantly, tall, graceful, yet damned. "We, the fairies pledge our allegiance to the humans, we offer our knowledge and our power to fight the darkness which we cannot do alone. We need your help. There is a portal which I have opened to get here, one of your kind, an emissary may pass through. It is a sacred place untouched by corruption so I beg of you please, help us." With his last word he staggered and fell to his knees, the room around fading fast to black. A human stepped forward and stooped down to his broken body and grasped his head between her hands. Fire erupted on his skin and it began to shatter to dust from the touch of the profane. The human looked down on him as life left him. "We will answer your call, fairy." Cian smiled as his task was complete and succumbed to the darkness. ** EDIT: Thanks so much for the wonderful response and the gold guys, I've posted a part two below as so many people asked for it that it was rude not to. Thanks for reading! 