
"Hallelujah", I reply coldly. Omnipresent being or not, God is interrupting my daily performance. The blinding light condenses somehow, fading into the form of a well-dressed man with kind eyes and grey hair. I look around, figuring that if any of this were real I'd be hearing a variety of screams from the passerby (or perhaps a euphoric shout from the little old nun across the street). Instead, I suddenly realize that it's just Him and I in this moment - the world around me is still. I focus on the form He has chosen, and I allow myself a small smile. "Really? Isn't that a bit cliche?" "I am seen by many people in many forms, my child," He responds, "but I must admit, I rather like your modern depiction. Morgan Freeman was blessed with a wonderful voice, after all." *Blessed*. "A good choice, then," I remark, as neutral as possible. God-as-Morgan-Freeman's smile dims, and his countenance becomes concerned. "What troubles you, David?" *What troubles me? Oh, nothing, besides maybe the failed relationships, the failed dreams? Years of prayers, of faith, and now You answer me because of a trivial, accidental discovery from a little improvisation? Do you even know what I've* "I do." Startled, I look up at God, and see Morgan Freeman's face subtly shifting into a thousand fleeting facets of humanity. He chuckles, tapping His head. "Omnipotence, remember?" "Fine, then." I drop my pretense of niceties. "Is that it? 'I am pleased?' Is that all You came here to say?" "Yes," He replies. I know shouting at the Lord is probably not the best idea, but I can't help myself anymore. "Well, thanks for stopping by! Glad we could have a nice little chat about things you already know I'm going to say. Why don't you take your Godly image and" "David." I stop, my heart beating faster. God looks stern, but with a sadness layered underneath. "I didn't come here to say anything else because there is nothing else I can say. For all that I can do as a guide, you are the only one who can choose your path. That is the gift of humanity." God's form begins to glow. As the light grows blinding, I hear Him one last time. "Do not forget your own blessings, my child." My eyes snap open, and the street bustles, busy as ever. The little old nun waves at me, and I wave back, dazed at the memory. *Do not forget your own blessings*. A man walks by and drops a few coins into my tip jar. I reach in, pull them out, and turn to the archaic blue payphone behind me. The coins drop down, and I carefully press the buttons, one by one. The phone rings once. Twice. On the third, a voice: "Hello?" I draw in a shaky breath, and exhale. "Who is this?" the voice asks, a hint of concern in her voice. A few moments elapse, then I finally speak. "I'm at the corner of First, in Amistad. I know I haven't kept in touch, but I-I want to change that." "Oh, and Happy Mother's Day." 