
It was easy enough to lead a charmed life, once I figured out that nobody else could hear the music. It wasn't until I was a teenager that I realized that it could be straight unhealthy. See, I could glean additional information about a situation easily by... just not being prepared for it. If I walked into a test that was outside of my reach, I'd hear the music switch, dramatic, pounding. A certain song still made my body drenched in sweat. If I was walking by an alley that held an unfortunate fate, the music switched to something low, with violins and thumping bass. If I studied that right things for the test, I heard the music switch. Montage music, trumpets, guitars. It wasn't quite a charmed life, no, that would require me to have done something other than just grifted with it. It was like I was blessed with precognition, but only when I encountered something challenging. Life was a mix that way; situations that I could predict or not predict based on the key changes, based on how close I was listening to the damn situation at the time. The first problem had come with my first girlfriend. 17, beach. Key changed unexpectedly while we were talking, and I caught the flash of her eyes and the quirk of her mouth. A full twenty, thirty seconds of the most ear grating noises I had ever heard, like background radiation frying out from the sun, bouncing like a ping pong ball off of a dozen satellites just so it could pierce my brain, and then the shuddering words "I'm done." Then she was gone, and the music was all that was there, sweeping through my head like a damned hurricane. ----- The man sat on the bench with a tan suitcase and a grey suede jacket, his head cloaked underneath the brim of an old fashioned hat. He shot me a grin as I walked by, looking for somewhere to sit down, and gestured next to him. "Catching the train out to LA?" he asked, coolly. "Something like that," I admitted. Easy going music for an easy going place. Trains had never done me much wrong. "Good, good." My eyes flicked down and looked at the case on the ground. Hill. Dr. Hill. "You ever play Music?" the man asked, his eyes set in a halfway smug face. "Music? No, not really. But I listen to it," I joked. "You got any favorite bands?" The music downshifted a few notches, into something bit more vibrant, expositiony. His eyes glinted in his skull like chips of mottled diamonds, like mirrored glass. "Actually, Jeremy," I hadn't told him my name. "They call me the Music Man." The bass dropped. ------- https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ 