
I woke up that fateful day to see my wife sleeping next to me, with the number 1,492,316 above her head. I slipped out of bed to brush my teeth, and saw a 6 floating over my head. "Hmm, wonder what that means," I murmured to my reflection as I washed my face. Ever since God started answering prayers again, things had been kind of weird around here. You never knew when it would start raining frogs. On the other hand, wine was dirt cheap now, so everyone was happy (except for the vineyard owners). As I drove to work, I saw people in their cars around me, all with numbers over their heads. When I got to work, my boss greeted me. "Hey Mark, how are you?" He had 4,204,399 above his head. "Wow! You're a 6? Seriously?" His beady eyes flicked around the room, looking at everyone else's numbers. I looked around too. Everyone else had numbers in the millions and billions. "Yeah, I just woke up with this number over my head. What does it mean?" "Don't you read the newspaper?" My boss dragged me over to the waiting room, where a copy of the New York Times was lying on the table. On the front page, in bold letters, it read, "GOD JUDGES HUMANITY - IMPORTANCE OF EACH PERSON QUANTIFIED." I skimmed it quickly. It seemed that the lower each person was, the more important they were in God's eyes. I put down the paper. "There must be some mistake," I stammered. "I'm no one special." My boss clapped me on my shoulder. "Well, seems you're special to God! This will be great publicity!" He bustled over to one of the interns, to talk to him about setting up a sign advertising that we employed ... well, me. I called my wife. "Honey, have you heard about this numbering thing?" "Yes, I just woke up," she said. "Seems sort of strange to me. I'm almost 1.5 million; what are you?" "I'm 6." The line was silent for a while. Finally, she said, "You're 6? No offense, honey, but... Are you sure?" "Yeah, I'm as surprised as you are." "Well, if you're 6, you should go talk to God after work! Now that he's answering prayers concretely, I'm sure he'll tell you what's going on. After all, you're number 6." I didn't have the patience to wait until after work. During my lunch break, I went to the bathroom and started praying. "Dear God. Sorry to bother you, but uh, I wanted to ask you... Why 6? I mean, why am I so important?" God replied in a quiet voice that echoed inside my head. "My son, have you not heard that it is the meek who will inherit the earth? You are extraordinary in your ordinariness. You live with your wife, trying to do right by your neighbors and fellow people. You show your neighbors what it means to be human." I was quiet for a second. "Thank you, God. If I may be so bold as to ask... Who is number 1, then?" God laughed, a gentle sound that sent my spirits soaring. "There is this person who spends her time posting videos of her cats online. They are so adorable! Her videos help people to love their fellow animals." I thought about it. "Are you sure it's not just because you're a huge fan?" I felt a wave of love wash over me. "Well, if I am, there's no harm in that, is there?" /r/AndaPandaWrites 