
Immortality is boring. That's why so many of us go mad. For those of us who, like me, stumbled upon its secrets in the course of an obsessive search for hidden lore, this seems unthinkable at first. An eternity to grow in knowledge and power. What more could we want? But undeath has a way of warping things. The mind turns inward. It does not grow, it broods. It wants more of the dark wisdom that made it this way. It becomes a loop. It feeds on itself. I know what I've become. So do most of the "adventurers" who come to confront me. They arrive with grim and often "holy" purpose. They are easily dispatched, so far. Part of me hopes I will attract the attention of the truly powerful, and they will end this charade of a shadow-life. Though hopefully after giving me a chance to exercise the true power I have acquired, which now curdles in my soul, unused. There's no way this little group can give me that. I could end them with a single spell. No more satisfaction in that than swatting an annoying mosquito. Except that mosquitoes often manage to draw blood before they're killed, and these hapless would-be heroes never would. Metaphorically, I mean. I haven't had any actual blood in centuries. I decide to let the traps and wandering monsters take care of them, and simply watch it happen. At least there's some interest in speculating how it will happen. They swim into view behind the glass of my scrying-mirror. Two humans, a Dwarf, an Elf, and some strange planar mutt. "That trap almost took my head off, Torkal," the Elf complains, tossing his mane of silvery hair. "Did your clan kick you out for being blind underground? Or are you perhaps the most perceptive of the lot? The sole survivor after everyone else wandered into a chasm?" "Your head'd be more useful rolling around on the ground anyway," the Dwarf retorts. "A new perspective might actually help you hit what you're aiming at." She mimes drawing a bow with one eye squinted shut. "Quiet, both of you," one of the two female humans says. "We're going to attract every monster in the place." And she's right. They are. But I give the order to hold back, for now. I'm not sure why. "Bring them on!" says the planar mutt. He clunks the haft of his huge axe against the stone floor and grins, a touch of blue-fizzle leaking out one corner of his orange-lipped mouth. "Sure, Karnan," the other human says, adjusting her armor with a grimace. "You just go ahead and do that. I think most of them are on the other end of the dungeon, though, so just wander on over there and scream about that 'immortal defiance' you're so proud of. We will *absolutely* be right behind you, not sneaking past to the treasure room." I blink. I mean, metaphorically again. I haven't had eyelids in some time either. The treasure room? They're a very long way from the treasure room. But...wait. I pull out a map, and study it while keeping one eye on the bickering mortals in the mirror. Hmmm. There's a room nearby where I've stashed some minor trinkets. They must be here for that, not trying to defeat me. I think about it, then shrug, my shoulder-bones clicking together. Why not. Small price to pay for entertainment. &#x200B; r/Magleby 