
*"Nothing ventured, nothing gained..."* - *Anonymous* I post the quote before shutting down my Digi-phone. Pulling out the knife from my boot, I cut deep into my hand, my blood peering out from my flesh like it has finally found a way to escape. I grit my teeth through the pain and continue, making a short vertical cut at the side of my palm. I drop the knife and stick my fingers into, pulling out the Palmprint Digi-phone out. The pain is excruciating and I'd like to pretend I didn't want to stop but there is no going back. The circuitry comes loose without a hitch and I drop it to the floor. Alexa hands me a bandage and a bottle of water, before stepping outside to guard the tent. A cold draft washes over me from the open flap and I shiver slightly. I wash my palm clean of the blood before wrapping a bandage around it. On a normal day, I'd be using a medkit to put the skin together but not today. I am going to wear this pain for a while. I move closer to the opening of the tent till I'm sitting comfortably at the entrance. The floor is cold but I ignore it. I join Alexa in staring at the horizon instead. The South Pole is quiet and for a moment, it feels like the world is not on fire. I look back at the flatscreen computer left on the floor next to me. The loading screen on it seems to have finished now as all that is left is a question. A question with weight behind it. Pre-launch sequence completed... Weapons primed for flight activation... Destinations locked on... Launch? [Y/N] | The blinking cursor catches my gaze and I find myself lost in it. The world has been at war for as long as I can remember and I can't even picture a life without sleeping to the sounds of gunshots and gunships and explosions and death. Back in the early days, I wished for some record of history that recorded what started the war but we don't have that. For all the technological advancements we made, all it did was focus on our efforts to kill the next enemy a few miles away. We made digital devices built for long range communication with a push of a button, embedded it in the skin for ease of use while hold a laser rifle. We made gunships that flew with repulsor rays to reduce the energy supply we pulled from the earth. We harnessed solar rays in our mech-suits to keep the fighting going for as long as there was a sun in the sky, and when the sun went down or hid behind the clouds in shame, we could still fight in the shade. No one is sure why we still fight. New reasons surface every day so we just obey the orders. All the heroes I have ever heard about, all dead. The Bastard of Verdant raked up fame when he held the line against his country's enemy. He had been in 16 altercations before he decided he had seen the worst of war and he was done. He tried to unite his squadron to put a stop to it. His own men drugged him and hung him under a broken metal tower. Word of mouth says the tower used to be a monument. I don't care. The Liberty Lady was shot by her own father for suggesting they talk to the President about starting a truce with the Asianic society. The Pariah was poisoned. General Marsh was shot. Private Solair was left behind as a diversion unknowingly while the main army escaped. He and his squad were killed. "It's time, Marlo" Alexa says without looking at me. I break away from the cursor and gaze at her. There's a resigned look on her face. Like she knows the end of what we are trying to begin. I grab her hand as I pull myself off the floor. She holds me tight and I understand. I have lost a lot of people to get to where I am and for a few moments, I let myself be grateful that it is Alexa standing next to me. I wish the rest of the guys were here but their sacrifices are what has made this possible. You see, after the first nuclear missile was fired years ago, the countries of the world had seen to it that they won't have to result to such an atrocity again. The Unspoken Rule. So they pushed ahead with more conventional ways to kill in the thousands but never touching that with the potential for millions. That is going to change today. I turn back towards the laptop, picking it off the floor. I take a deep breath. Then I answer the question. Y [Return] --- --- *"In the depth of fire and chaos, as humanity fought against itself... we all stopped to watch as distant stars lifted off the earth. And in this moment, as we wrapped our minds around the potential thought that a distant country had fled from our idiocy, the stars fell out the sky. The Unspoken Rule had been broken. And it was our fault..."* - *Julian Greenarce, "Ashes to Blood", First Edition.* --- /r/EvenAsIWrite 