
'Three biscuits and half a bottle water'. I took a final look around the bunker before accepting I doomed myself. 'Well done you useless shit. A 2 week survival pack, gone in 3 days', I said to myself, laughing awkwardly. I dont even know why I ate it all. I wasn't hungry, it just made me feel better in some weird way. It has been 3 days since the event, for a lack of a better word. I barely remember what actually happened, or how I ended up in old Johnsons bunker. Just some small flashes; screams waking me up in the middle of the night, fleeing away from something, the creeping silence of being all alone, and smashing the lock of Johnsons bunker with a gun I apperently found on the way. Nevertheless here I'm. An overweight, failing college stoner as the last breathing thing in this city. Perfect specimen for this challenge. 'Yep perfect specimen, being so out of shape I needed apperently 3 days to just learn basic motoristic functions', I sighed. 'Well no time to dwill on fate's sick little joke, I need to get moving, 3 biscuits and half a bottle water isn't going to last me long.' I said to myself bringing me back from the past. Backpack? Check. Gun? Check. Ammo? Only 6 rounds left. 'Atleast enough to shoot myself', I told myself as a way to make me feel better wasting 4 bullets on shooting practice inside the bunker, destroying the only lamp with a richochet. Courage? Check, gently squeezing the little fluffy dog on my keychain. 'Ok, Jack you can do this. No way back. You can't live on 3 biscuits and half a bottle water, in this terrible excuse of a nuclear bunker' I looked over my shoulder to the bunker that has been my home for the last days. A stained mattress on the floor, with a small crooked table next to it, and a bucket in the corner for my business. Even from across the room, the smell of the bucket was burning inside my nostrils. 'Alright Jack, just one step at a time, we can do this', slowly moving my hand to the doorknob. *Knock* 'What the fuck was that?' *Knock* *Knock* Three knocks came from the metal entrance door of the bunker, each egoing through the room. Frozen in place, fiddling with the little furry dog in my pocket, I could only stumble out a squicky 'Who' 'Papa John's. One Big meat lovers pizza, and 2L sprite' Aw yes my favorite, I thought, while grappling the doorknob with one hand. Saved by pizza. Wait what, that doesn't make any sense, I thought in a rare gust of brilliance. 'What?' 'Papa John's' 'What?', I said again as my brain was trying to comprehend what was going on. 'Papa John's, sir. Your order?' It can't be. Even if the city isn't completely abandoned, why would they still deliver pizzas. No, it's them, the ones that caused all this. I don't know who them is, but it's them for sure. 'yes, yes that makes sense' I mumbled to myself. Luring out survivors of their safe haven with the sweet, sweet call of their favorite pizza. 'Sir?' I pulled myself together and as bravely as an overweight stoner in a bunker, with an unknown being on the opposite of the door can be, I answered. 'I don't know what you are, but I won't go with you without a fight. I got a gun, and Im not afraid to use it' I stuttered while holding the gun in both trembling hands. 'Are you serious. Another fucking one... That makes 6 tonight' answered the stranger aggravated. 6? 6 what? 6 survives? 6 fighters? 6 people they ripped apart, feasting on their organs after they brutally slaughtered them? My mind was racing, creating one doomsday scenario after the other. 'Sir take off your glasses' 'My glasses, I'm not wearing glass..' I started to say confused, till my hand reached my face and to my own surprise found a pair of glasses. 'How did you know I was wearing glasses. I don't even own a pair of..' 'Dude, I don't got time for this, just take them off', the stranger interrupted angry. Hesitatingly I complied with the strangers request, slowly taking of the wierd glasses, closing my eyes in the meantime, preparing myself to what horrors I would face afterwards. Slowly I opened up my eyes, realizing I was just standing in my student room, with a VR-headset in my right hand, and what looked like a box of spaghetti in my left hand as my gun. I opened the door, and was greeted by the angry delivery man. 'Hehe, sorry man. That felt so realistic' I shuggled awkwardly. 'Whatever man. That's 22.99' I handed him 30 dollars, and told him to keep the change as an apology. 'Well atleast you tip nic...' he stopped abruptly, frozen in place with a look of sheer horror and disgust on his face. His eyes shot past me to the far corner of my room. I felt something wasn't right the second I took of the VR-set. It just felt to real, it couldn't be a game. I swallowed, and slowly turned around, giving my mind enough time to prepare for whatever horror was luring in the corner of my room. With a tone underlined with disgust, the delivery man asked; 'Dude, did you take a fucking dump in your trashcan?' 