
"What makes you think history will remember this as World War One? Why One?" a beautiful, blonde reporter replied as she seemed awestruck by my earlier mention of using the term 'World War One.' Quickly, she rapidly fired another question at me. "Why one? Is there going to be another?" as she looked around the room before glancing back to me with her crystal clear blue eyes. 'Shit. Shit. I should've kept my mouth shut.' I thought as I looked down at the near empty beer glass in front of me. I scowled as I stood up from the bar. I had one too many drinks "Look uh, Miss.." I tried to remember her name. "Elizabeth!" She snapped back. I needed to wrap this up quick. "Elizabeth." I said feigning calmly as I added "Forget I said anything. It's just the drink talking and it's getting late so I should be going." "Booker!" She quietly called out. I had given her my fake name from a video game character called Bioshock Infinite and just happening to discover that this woman's name is also Elizabeth was a one hell of a coincidence. It couldn't be, could it? "You didn't answer my question!" She quipped as I started to grab my coat from the chair as I turned for the front door outside the bar. I started to walk away faster but she still followed; like any good reporter would. I had to suppress my frustration for acting so careless and dumb. "Booker..." She whisked her coat on before she moved in front of me. "You're a persistent little cuss aren't you." I snapped; trying to ward her off by being aggressive. Still, she stood in front of me with her blue eyes - I felt as though she was reading into me; she could read into my soul and it felt uncomfortable. "Answer me this. Why World War One?" She asked softly. "You don't really want to know..." I glanced down to the ground, before I averted my gaze up towards the now fading sunset sky. Elizabeth crossed her arms as she stayed focused on me. "I saw you appear from out of thin air with that... trinket time device in your hand... You appeared near Big Ben tower and that was four weeks ago Booker. You're not from around here.." She admitted as I was taken aback. "If Booker is even your name..." She quipped. She went on "Everything about you. You look as if.. I don't know.. you know more than you let on... So I've been following you..." "Please.." Elizabeth said as her eyes hinted a sense of concern and sadness. I inhaled in my frustration as I shot a look at Elizabeth. It was true. I had no way of appearing if I was going to be seen or unseen when I stepped through that time portal..... She listened quietly as I replied: "Because there's also going to be World War Two." 