
**An Excerpt from** ***The Civilization of the Modern World: How Man Declared Himself King of All Skewold*** Humankind faced little opposition in conquering the known world. Under the banner of Lord Aerid the Indomitable, it took less than five years for the continent of Skewold and her outlying territories to fall under the rein of the black hand. An alliance with the dwarves early in Aerid's reign ensured his swords and armor enough to fight until they had no young men and women left to arm. All the villages of beast and man alike fell to their knees when Aerid's black-clad army came swarming down the road. All, that is, but the nation of Caldor. It is a forest the size of a kingdom, and just as dense and swollen with life. (Primarily animal, secondarily elf, though the latter is increasingly demoted to mere legend.) The villages closest to Caldor claim the elves still live inside, sleeping in trees like animals, foraging and hunting with sharpened rocks and baskets of woven willow branches and lichen. Today, Caldor stands as the only unconquerable land in all of Skewold, a little green oasis in a sea of black flags. Aerid has erected at least a dozen boundary walls and military barracks at the forest's edge. And the earth has opened up its maw and swallowed up each one like a dog burying its prized bones. The earth of Caldor is full of bones like useless seeds. Some say the trees crave men's blood. That their songs whisper through the leaves, promising resources and riches beyond any man's imagining, if he can only cut fast enough, build big enough. I would not go so far as to say that the trees lure men in; however, the scarce witness accounts that exist describe how the living trees of Caldor hunt with a predatory glee. Aerid's last attempt at staking his claim to Caldor's living earth came a decade ago. We know it infamously today as the Caldor Massacre. Five thousand men and women marched on the forest with oil and fire, axes and salt, ready to cull and decimate and conquer. The forest let the whole army inside. It let them set up tents. It let them go to sleep. Then, in the dead of night, the earth fell away beneath them. A sinkhole opened up the size of their camp, nearly the size of Caldor forest. The dozen survivors all describe the same harrowing image: the soil disappearing like sand down a funnel and the trees stretching infinitely downward. An abyss in all directions. The gnarled fingers of their roots grabbed grown men and dragged them shrieking into the darkness. From the treetops, the elves watched, silent and unhelping. By our accounts, the elves killed no one; the trees accomplished that for them. Ever since the Massacre, no human has been able to pass unharmed through the wood. It seems the trees hold their grudges. In the aftermath of the Caldor Massacre, Lord Aerid declared the land inhospitable, untenable. It is the only location on earth where no humans currently--or ever will--reside. Caldor remains a biological wonder, one that can only be safely experience from a distance. It is wildness in its purest form: all fire and fang, ruthlessly driven by the need to endure. *** /r/shoringupfragments This is short because I should be working, shhh 