
Jaime had been looking forward to today for two weeks. It was droid day! He loved droid day. Everyone else only got one droid day in their life, but Jaime had gotten ten already! They were supposed to find out what a child needed to be successful and healthy and help provide that for them, but every time Jaime got his droid it exploded. Each time the explosion was bigger, too! Jaime couldn't wait. He gripped his mom's hand tighter and tighter as they stood in the waiting room. He bounced on the heels of his feet and looked up at his mom, hoping she'd notice his excitement. She didn't. She looked tired and bored. Jaime didn't care. "Droid day! Droid Day! DROID DAY!" "Hush." Jaime glared at his mom for only a second then turned and watched the door at the far side of the waiting room. Any minute now they would come out and see him. Any minute! Any minute! As if summoned by his impatience, the door opened. Jaime tried to pull his hand from that of his mother's but the grip that had been loose and uncaring suddenly became a shackle of immovability. Jaime pulled and struggled but he couldn't free himself to run across the room. Two men in lab coats came out. They both looked a bit unsettled, like Jaime's brother had before going on the roller coaster. He had puked on it! It was awesome! The droid came after. It was a bit bigger than the others had been. It seemed to have a bigger battery pack... and speakers. Jaime had never seen one with speakers before. Usually they were built so that they only talked when the parents connected them to a tablet or other device through the internet. This one rolled over the dirty tile floor, avoiding the craters from Jaime's last visits, and stopped two feet in front of the boy. "Initializing Analysis." The droid talked! Jaime bounced up and down a few more times. "96.351% well adjusted." The robot reported. "First priority problem: Lack of adequate excitement. Intelligence, social position, home life, and parentage make surprises extremely rare. Child may develop an inability to react to unexpected scenarios." Jaime had no idea what any of this meant, but the droid had a cool voice. Just like the ones on TV shows! It was all echo-ey and metal-y! The lab coat guys behind him seemed very interested in this, they were whispering back and forth between themselves and backing up toward the door they had come through. Jaime wanted to hear what they were saying. Jaime pulled against his mom's hand again and found it was still an iron shackle. "Mom, mom!" Jaime yanked the arm again, "I wanna hear them! I wanna hear them!" "No. We're going home now." "But mom!" "No." Jaime was pulled along as the lab coat guys left the room. He was starting to get upset. The droid hadn't started flashing or screaming yet and it was just following them like any other droid. The last ten times had been awesome! He'd been looking forward to another droid blowing it's top but now it just rolled along like every other one. Jaime stopped bouncing up and down, he felt his grin fall into a look of disappointment, and his hand holding his mom's hand became as limp as a noodle. He pouted as his mom visited the reception desk. He pouted as they all piled into the family car. He pouted as the droid was unloaded and told to stand in the front yard. He pouted as he opened the car door to get out. Then he cheered as the droid detonated in the middle of his mom's flower garden. --- [TheWordsOfXacktar](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheWordsOfXacktar/) 