
Flames sparked from her fingertips and the top of Neshral's already bright red hair, igniting into a fiery halo. Frantically she beat her hands together, putting out the fire. She and the man jumped at the same time, but Neshral was faster, snatching the glass from the desk. She dumped the water over her head, extinguishing the flames. As the coils of smoke dwindled, her hair returned to its usual shade of scarlet. "Ha-ha," Neshral giggled, brushing off the incident as she might an accidental belch. "Don't worry about that... seasonal thing, you know? It's just a..." His expression settled into a glare. Pressing a button on his phone, he shouted, "SECU..." "Hey!" Neshral protested, flopping over to bat the phone away. It careened across the desk, smacked into the wall, and fell to the ground with a 'thud.' "Didn't you just say I was the most qualified candidate so far, Ramiel?" "Lord help me. This interview is done." Ramiel edged over, close to where the phone fell, keeping his eyes on Neshral. "And if that screen is so much as chipped..." "But... but... come on, you have no idea what my student loan bills are like. You think hell ever grants deferments? Ha!" Neshral had dropped to the ground, trying to locate the phone first. "That's not my problem." Ramiel said, adding, "Sorry." Hearing the weakness in his tone, Neshral seized on it. "The employee handbook!" she blurted out, even as Ramiel wrapped his hand around the phone. "Page three. Employers do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, ethnicity, sex..." Ramiel rolled his eyes as he inspected the phone. Undamaged. "Demons are not a protected class." "It's still discrimination!" *"I'm not hiring a demon!"* Neshral straightened up, her arms folded across her chest. "Oh, you better believe I'll report that to HR," she said, glaring at Ramiel. "Actually... maybe I will," she said, as a moment of inspiration struck. "Excuse me?" She gestured toward the door. "Everyone else here is human, right? Do they, you know, know? Maybe I could ask... since the interview is over...?" Ramiel raised an eyebrow, eyeing Neshral in disbelief. "Are you trying to blackmail me into giving you the job?" "Depends. Do I have the job?" The door opened before Ramiel could speak. A man in a blue security uniform entered. He glanced between Ramiel and Neshral, then back to Ramiel. "Er... sir? There were shouts on the line. Is everything alright?" Ramiel and Neshral met each other's gaze at the same instant. For several seconds, they stared at each other. Finally, Ramiel answered, "Everything's fine. Neshral, here, will start Monday at 9." "Damn right I will!" Neshral agreed, beaming. Nodding, the guard departed, leaving Neshral and Ramiel alone again. Ramiel cast another glare at Neshral. "I take my coffee with cream, light sugar. Don't be late." Neshral skipped to the door. "See you Monday!" 