
I finished treating the young man, helping him to his feet. "I don't understand, doctor, I don't feel much better at all. Surely God has not smiled upon my cure, you did not invoke His name once?" The boy, at the ripe age of 14, seemed baffled at my techniques. Shit, I'd done it again. "Er... that is to say, my hands and my works are how I praise Our Father, and with the faith of the knowledge that He has granted me." "Yet," the boy pressed further, "you use none of the righteous methods that your colleagues use, and I feel no better! Are you some charlatan?" This was always the hard part, at times like these. The placebo effect of piety is a powerful thing, and even when I practiced in my own era I had a difficult time convincing people that it was not their God that was bringing them back from the brink. Here, it would be suicide- both career and otherwise. "Alas, God has given me tentative knowledge of the... the new methods through which I can heal the suff'ring, those in search of His succor. You may need only wait through the space of a few hours until His power has filled you throughout." I struggled to explain, my eyebrows furrowed as I searched for my words carefully. "Very well, ser. I-I'm not sure about all of this, but if the Lord smiles upon it, I shall accept your aid." The boy rushed out, soon finding his mother. Such an intense conversation for one so young! Though he was nearly an adult by the standards of the age. I stepped out onto my porch, greeted by one of my "contemporaries," a man by the name of Ser Geoffrey. He was a renowned healer, personally appointed by the nobility. "You know Doctor Callum, I shall never understand your... methods. You know that there are better ways, yet you hold tight to these... these claims of yours." "I do only as I believe I must, Ser Geoffrey. I believe my methods shall one day be proven as the best ways through which men can heal others." The moment the words crossed my lips, I wished I could have retracted them. "Man, you say? Man lacks the power to heal, Callum. Only by God's aid can one claim to be a healer, and I doubt God even deigns to stand in your presence! Nay, for he does not stand by the side of witchcraft!" Several Knights of the realm were now approaching, mail armor clanking as they held their swords and shields ahead of them. Shit! This damned zealot was ready to kill me! I had only one option. I tossed a lit matchstick onto the ground in front of him, setting alight a swath of the dirt in front of my abode. I turned back into my home and grabbed a set of parchments, rushing out the back door before my home was surrounded. For years to come, I would be hunted. They would never find me, for I would only come when someone who truly yearned for my healing spake the specific words needed to gain my attention. "He told me," a young girl read from one of the parchments I left for those who sought me out, facing deep into the forests I called home "Ooo... eee... oo ah ah... ting... tang... walla walla bing bang?" I careened out of the forest, my frazzled hair covering my entire face. With a single, fluid movement, I placed my staff over her lips and leaned in close, giving a soft whisper. "You called the witch doctor?" 