
*not long now, not long now, not long now, play most foul* "I want a hamburger." Davidson knew this wasn't the most profound idea, but speaking his thoughts was the only way to keep Her at bay. *ice ice, go away, ice ice, go away, release us now, its time to play* "Maybe with french fries. Or onion rings. And a Coke, but only if it's from McDonalds." *slide out, slide out, stride out, stride out* "Then I'll have dessert. I'll go to a different -- " *tongues out, tongues out* Davidson felt his right hand trembling, his legs straining against the straps that had held him still for fifteen centuries. His body was perfectly preserved. His mind was a different matter. *tongues out, tongues out, no longer will they shout shout* She had been a comfort at first. Three hundred years is plenty of time to descend into madness. Then She came. Nothing but a whisper, but at least She was someone to talk to, just different enough from his own mind to carry a conversation. Finally, he had company. *time to play, time to play, time to play, ship today* He realized he needed to kill himself two hundred years ago. The countdown clock on the control panel was just visible through the frosted glass, a LED taunt for over a millennia. Davidson used to watch it with hope. Now it filled him only with dread. *fly, fly, fly, they will try, they will try* Even if he could have slipped his arms out of the restraints, he wasn't sure how to end his own life. And that was assuming he could take control of his body back from Her. A burst of white blinded him. For the first time in fifteen hundred years, lights exploded through his glass coffin. The main power systems were booting back up. Davidson glanced at the clock -- all zeroes. *slide out, slide out, they will try, they will try* He felt the bonds around his midsection loosen. Davidson made a desperate play for control. "I want a pizza. With olives and pepperoni. With extra cheese -- " His right leg slid out of the restraints and pushed against the opening glass. He had to get control now. This was his last chance. " -- and maybe a beer. Something heavy and strong -- " Davidson was a passenger in his own body as his arms unfastened the last of the bonds. When he first realized he'd be awake for the ages of space travel, he had begged for this day to come, to walk again, to stretch and bend and be released from his living nightmare. But he wasn't the one walking, wasn't the one stretching. Wasn't the one crawling on all fours, cackling and drooling while opening the medical supplies, searching madly for the scalpels before the rest of the crew woke up. *they will try, they will try, they will die, die, die* -------------------- 97/365 one story per day for a year. read them all at [r/babyshoesalesman](https://www.reddit.com/r/babyshoesalesman) --------------------- 