
Jon and I sit on our spot at the beach, staring across the ocean. Sometimes I swear I can just make out the shape of land, out there on the horizon. "Remember that book we got, the one about the kids who time traveled?" I ask him. "A Wrinkle in Time?" he asks. "Yeah," I say, "I wish we could create a wrinkle in space." We go back to staring in the direction of Nanarnica. To think it's only because of an accident of birth that we're here, and not there. I'm wistful, Jon's bitter. "There's got to be a way," I say, "I mean, if we got there, don't you think we'd get amnesty? Don't you think we could plead our case? In both Nanarnica and Koreplato, if they understood how it was for us here, they'd protect us, right?" "They understand, and they don't want us," he says, and I can tell he's in one of his moods, so I lapse into silence. These are the happiest, most peaceful moments of my day. This spot, protected by that towering palm, is the only spot on the beach where they can't see us. Jon found it through trial and error. He tripped several lazers on his way, and he's got the scars to prove it. Ever since he showed me this secret spot, my life has been so much better. I imagine felling a tree, making a boat, and sailing away across the sea to the magical land of Nanarnica. Jon would rather go to Koreplato. He thinks maybe his smelting skills would come in handy there. But since I learned about the lands across the sea, nothing would do but Nanarnica. "I swear I see the outline of land," I say. On clear days like this, I swear I really do. "It's your eyes fooling you," Jon says. "No, seriously, I see the outline and the shape doesn't change from day to day. You said Nanarnica was the only land mass in that direction." "Yeah, but it's too far for you to see it," he's annoyed, but sometimes I don't care. "How do you know?" I say. He doesn't answer so we go silent again. I'm exhausted. We come here for an hour every morning, and our allotted time for sleep is only 6 hours to begin with. It's like they give us just enough food and sleep to allow us to work, but just little enough that we're too exhausted and hungry to dream. I know I'll hear the shriek of the work whistle any minute now. Jon must know this too. He stands and starts to walk off without me. I give myself another 30 seconds, then I follow him. I'm carefully brushing the sand from my feet, just the way he showed me, when I hear a foreign sound in the forest ahead. I drop to the ground, then slither forward. Jon's always said I'm good at sneaking. I avoid the first trip wire and lower my body into some bushes and then stay silent. I can hear voices. "...little Jonny Columbus, are you going to build another boat?" Cackling laughter, then a grunt that could only have come from Jon's throat, and the thud as his body hit the ground. "What, you think the third time's a charm? You think this time Narnarnica will want to keep you? They don't want any of us, son. We're here for a reason. Or maybe this time you want to try for Koreplato? Got bad news for you. Koreplato tests for IQ just like Nanarnica tests for magic. You don't got the genes for neither, ok?" The voice betrays just a hint of sympathy. Just a hint. I'm scooting forward, as silently as possible, on my belly. Jon and I have agreed we won't try to save each other if one of us gets caught. I know I'm not match for the soldiers anyway. But I can't stop my heart from racing, I can't stop myself imagining springing forward and flattening the soldiers in several swift moves, then pulling Jon to his feet and both of us taking to the water, swimming to the land across the sea. I imagine this as I hear the hand and ankle cuffs click around him, as the sounds of them dragging him away fade. Third time's a charm, they said. Build another boat. Why hadn't Jon told me he'd tried? He'd tried and been caught...twice? Third time's a charm. Problem is, the consequence for a third rule infraction is public execution. The 5-minute whistle shrills. I get to my feet. Off to work, just like any other day. 