
Why didn't Cassandra see them coming? Most have the Mouse's monstrous face. They don't wear it, as one would a mask, but have had it branded into them. Black and white plastic melted into their skin when they come of age, to show their allegiance to Disney Corp. Their faces are bubbled, as if it's still, right now, searing and withering them. The whites of their eyes are the thick red streaks of a thousand burst blood vessels. There are other faces, too. Deformed ducks, lions, and dogs. But those are less frequent. They are of the higher ranking officers, and they stay mostly at the back as their foot-soliders slaughter us. How did they get through the Wall? They don't have the technology to hack the gates, or the weaponry to brute force their way through. And yet here they are, in the hideous flesh. They laugh as they pull their triggers. The same laugh bellowing out of a thousand different men and women. So practised and similar that it sounds almost mechanical. A high squeak, a low squeak, as a Mouse puts a bullet into a woman's head. A burst of blood sprays onto the monster's red shorts. It pulls a sword out from the scabbard on its belt and skewers the body through its heart for good measure. A high squeak, a low squeak. "Jana," cries my father, face pale and voice pleading as he tugs on my arm, "we need to go!" I look over the field of solar-panels I had been tending to, cleaning off the dust and dirt. The only home I have ever known is here. A little shack with my parents and sister deep in a village that spreads all the way along the Solar Fields, until the Wall meets the ocean. Just panels and huts, panels and huts, and barely an inch of ground visible between. I know death is approaching, I can taste its fetid fingers on my tongue, and yet I am reluctant to leave. Why didn't we see Disney Corp coming for us? Cassandra was meant to be able to see everything... Every word one would ever speak. Every action. That's why Google created her. To keep us safe -- and through us, humanity. "Jana!" Father yells. I ignore him and instead zoom in on the slaughter using my retinal-chip, and focus on a single Mouse. A green overlay pops up in the corner of my eye. > Mouseketeer > Sadistic grunt class of Disney Corp. Extreme willingness to please its masters. Derives pleasure from pain and violence, whether to themselves or to others. > Once thought to be a character broadcast globally for entertainment purposes, but corrupted some time after the first Water War by-- I close the panel and turn to Father. "What about the Wall, Dad? And... and Cassandra? How could this happen with her watching over us?" Cassandra was our AI saviour. Our God. The most advanced life-form on the planet. The one who guided us and chose our future paths. She saw everything before it even happened... Was *meant to.* He shakes his head. "I don't know. I don't God-damned know! But I do know that if we stay here any longer, we're going to die. Do you understand me, Jana?" "Where're Mom and Sophie?" He swallows and for a moment says nothing. "They were working sector 3A. I..." His voice trails off and his head hangs down like a bowed branch, but I now know. Sector 3A. The front of the Solar Fields. They would have been amongst the first dead. "Enough," he says, hoisting me over his shoulder. I cry out but he begins to run, carrying me with ease. I see behind us that the Solar Fields have been covered in red and I wonder, in the midst of all this death, how far below our Production Threshold the current generation must be, because of all that blood smeared on the panels. I want to clean it off. All of it. To polish them up. To get back to Google's optimum efficiency levels. To be a good worker. I laugh at my reaction until, a minute or so later, it turns into hot tears. I slam my fists into the nape of Father's back. He says nothing as he carries me onward. To where, who knows? Maybe to the Wall. A few minutes pass before I regain control. "Cassandra," I ask, sniffing back snot and tears, bringing the green overlay back to life. There is a question-mark waiting there, as always. "Cassandra," I repeat. "Why didn't you see them coming?" The question-mark fades away. A calm mellifluous voice speaks directly to my brain. > I did see them coming, Jana. I see everything. I pause and consider. That can't be true, or else she would have... Cassandra knows what I will ask, even if I don't, and answers without the question forming. > Necessary Again, my thoughts don't manage to coalesce into a question. I only manage to think, that if we reach the Wall, we'll find the gates are already open. Again, she answers as if I did ask. > Overpopulation --- Edit: Just wanted to say thanks for the gildings! Really happy you enjoyed the story 