
For centuries, the two immortals stared each other down, neither moving nor willing to let the other. In the isolation of their tomb, both had long since forgotten which was the immortal and which the king. They had both wielded power unlike any in the world. For one, his words were like the incantation to a spell. Everything he commanded came to fruition. The other, his will was divine decree. Everything he wanted, he eventually got. But now, the king had nobody to speak to and the immortal had shared his gifts with the one person who had bound him inside this tomb. "Charles," Leo said, though he didn't know if the name referred to him or the king. They had switched names quite a bit. The last time they had re-established roles, the iron on their cuffs had finally rusted through. He was pretty sure that he was the immortal. "Why go through the effort?" "To keep you from this world," The supposed king, Charles, replied. Though he also wasn't sure if he was the one being kept from the world. "That's not what happened when we had first met." The immortal always had a flair for the dramatic. Life was of no consequence to him, nor pain and suffering. It was all just something to fade from memory. So when they had first met, he had stabbed the king through the heart, just to prove his worth. Charles closed his eyes. "I thought that together, we could do great things, build monuments the world would never forget, spread wealth and wonder to the edges of the sea." "And what have we done?" Leo asked. They both turned to the hieroglyphics. In the countless years that had passed, those carvings were all the connected them to the written word. Every hour every day, the sun came at just the right angle to highlight one. It spelled *The Great Pyramid of Giza*. "Is that not enough?" He continued. "At the cost of thousands of lives? At the birth of sacrificial rituals to some pagan god?" Charles shook his head. "You forever stained my legacy." "But you have a legacy because of me. It is written in the walls of our tomb, forever kept for your readership." Charles breathed out a sigh. "Why introduce me your rituals? Your power did not come from any of them. The people we killed, for what?" A smile curled onto Leo's lips. "For fun of course." The two stopped talking because through the stone walls, they could hear the muffled echo of footsteps. Then, the walls quaked and a metal hammer sliced through, crumbling the rock. The two turned and caught blinding light. They were thieves, here to ransack the pyramid. "Don't let him out!" Charles screamed, but it was already too late. Leo sprinted past the thieves and their magic hammer and immediately fell to the floor dead. Charles stared at the corpse, his lips quivering. He was the immortal. --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day plus continuations by popular request. 