
"Hey!" I shouted down the corridor, as the cowering figure tried hurriedly to gather himself together and sneak out the door. "Oh... Hi Will" he said to me. "So sorry, I'll just be on my way, didn't mean to disturb". It was 4.30am, and I was definetely not an early bird, and feeling rather irritable. So waking up to find a stranger in my house did not put me in the best of moods. "Who the hell are you? And how do you know my name?" I said at the frightened figure, who at least didn't seem to mean any harm. In fact he looked decisively more scared off me than vice versa. "Ha! Good one Will" he said with a frightened laugh. "It's me... your flat mate, John". My flat mate? I thought to myself. But I lived alone! Always had done. "I don't have a flat mate" I said sternly. "I try and keep myself to myself," John said, now backed up into the corner like a frightened mouse. "I leave for work very early, and only come back very late. Usually I just slip out the window as not to disturb... but today I wanted to treat myself to some breakfast from the kitchen". I just stared at him incredulously. In the darkened corridor I imagined he could still sense my cynically raised eyebrough. "I live alone. Always have. I don't know if your lost or something mate but you have to leave-" "Please Will! Don't kick me out. I have no where else to go. I don't have any other friends, and my parents passed away a few years ago," he sounded panicked and confused. "I pay my rent every month! Don't you get my envelopes on the table?" My jaw dropped. Shit. That was him? I'd assumed it was my dad, helping me out. Our family was quite well off, and sometimes he'd try to sneak money to me, as he knew I wouldn't directly take hand outs. But this guy honestly expected me to believe he'd been my lodger for almost 10 years without me noticing... "I'm sorry, I try to keep out of your way most of the time", he tried to explain. "We've had some good times though... remember when that crow got in the flat and you couldn't get him out". I remembered. I ran to get a broom to push it out, but when I came back, the bird was gone, and all the windows were inexplicably open. "And remember the fire??" He said. This was when the fire alarm went off. I was drunk, and ended up ignoring it and going back to sleep. Later I'd seen evidence of a small fire near the plugs in the living room. But it had inexplicably gone out. Which was lucky as the whole house could have gone up in flames. "Or what about when you and your friends had that big party. I tried to come out and mingle. I'm not usually very good with people, but I managed to speak to your friends Sam and Phil, oh and Jessica. It was really nice. But then I had to get back to bed for work". He knew my friends. The more I thought about it, the more sense it made. Come to think off it, I was looking for lodgers about 10 years ago. One chap said he was interested. A very shy, and nervous guy, who said he would be as quiet as a mouse and never late on rent. I said yes, but then didn't hear from him again. This couldn't be.... "Anyway, I'll be on my way if that's okay. If you still want me to go, I can pack my things when I get back from work. I really don't have much. Just a small suitcase and some books really". John said. "Today was my birthday is all. And since I will be working all day, I wanted to get a proper breakfast. As a little treat for myself." "Oh my God, john" I said. "I'm so sorry mate. Of course you can stay." He looked up gratefully. "What time do you get off work?" I asked. "They might let me go a bit early today. Maybe 9 or 10". He replied. "Okay. Happy birthday John. Have a good day at work." "Thank you" he said smiling, as if he hadn't had any proper human contact in years. After he left I picked my phone up, and messaged my mates Sam, Phil and Jessica. "Hey guys, reckon you could come round tonight? And pick up some birthday cake en route. I want to plan a little suprise for someone" I messaged. He was obviously a very shy guy, but everyone could use a bit of company on their birthday. 