
The frying pan sizzled on the stove. I moved on instinct, flipping the veggies. The radio blasted, shrieking out generic pop songs that seemed to repeat every twenty minutes. I hardly noticed. Salt. Pepper. Repeat. Cut the peppers. Toss them in. On to the zucchini. I was smiling, I knew. Cooking had been a special pleasure, a treat for me to enjoy. A dance just for me and the kitchen, accompanied by a symphony of noises and smells. All four of my hands moved in perfect sync, a skill born of years of practice. I crossed to the cupboard, grabbing the garlic, and tossed it to myself at the stove. I caught it over my shoulder, popping the top and- "What the hell was that?" I froze. *Both* of me froze, in fact. I turned as one, fixing all four of my eyes on the woman standing in the doorway. Cassie gaped right back at me. Her purse lay in a forgotten heap on the floor. Her mouth hung open. Underneath the awe, though, there was something I didn't like. Suspicion. Instantly, I knew I'd been too careless. "O-Oh. Hi, honey," I said, using my Matt-mouth. "I thought you were working?" "Got off early," Cassie said, still staring. "Evening, Paul. Didn't think you'd be over." "Matt asked if I wanted to drop by and help him cook something," I said through my Paul-mouth, reaching out and stirring the pot on the stove. My Matt-self closed the cupboard, leaning against the counter. Both of my bodies wore warm, convincing smiles. I'd practiced that smile so many times. It was amazing how far it'd go to cover a bit of oddness, a scene that didnt' play out quite right. "So are either of you going to explain that little show?" Cassie said, jabbing a finger towards us. "That was insane." "You've seen us cook before," my Matt-self said. "Don't act so surprised." "Not like *that*. You were so in sync. It's...a little weird." "It's just our bond as twins," I said through Paul, striding over to rest an elbow on my other half. "Don't be jealous, Cass." "I'm not jealous," she mumbled. I laughed through both my mouths, filling the kitchen with the sound. Cassie eased away, joining in, but I knew her well enough to know the gesture was forced. I could feel her eyes on me still as I turned my bodies away, returning to the meal. Watching. --- That was the beginning, I came to realize. After that, everything changed. Oh, she smiled at me - both of me. She was cheerful, and our marriage was solid. But the first of the cracks had been etched into the foundation, and I watched them spread. Powerless. It started small. I'd find her watching my twin halves, skepticism in her eyes. I'd find her mentioning something to her husband, only to ask my Paul-self about it later. I got a call from my mother, asking where I'd put this or that childhood photo. When I pushed, she'd only giggle and refuse to say why. Her only resposne was that Cassie had a 'surprise' and she didn't want to ruin it. I didn't *understand*. No one had ever picked up on it before. It was easier, when we were kids. No one thought twice about identical twins being close, or acting alike. And as I grew up, I got better at the act. I should have been good *enough*. But every time I saw her staring, I knew the truth. Somehow, I'd let the act slip. And she could see underneath. My worst fears were confirmed when my Matt-self came home from work - and found her sitting at the kitchen table. "Hey, Cassie," I said, sliding my coat off. "Didn't think you'd be home yet. Did work-" "Sit down," she said, her voice tight. I stopped. She cradled an envelope between her hands, tightly enough her knuckles went white and the paper crumpled at the edges. I could still make out the lettering at the top, though. I could still read the *23 and Me* clear as day. Her eyes were glued to mine, boring holes all the way down to my soul. "We need to talk." (/r/inorai for shorter stuff by me, /r/redditserials for longer stuff by me and others) E - I know the DNA testing matter would be...complicated at best, far more complicated than this, but it's just a plot device here xD I needed *something* to work with. 