
"Have you ever wondered if the Nazi's were any worse than you and me? If we were told to commit a genocide, would we say no?" That's the question my professor had posed and the reason I was standing outside the Cinema 8 movie theatre sweating through my tuxedo. Introduction to Psychology was a joke of a class, touting a nearly impressive 23% attendance and 99% passing rate. I, however, was the 1%. After sleeping, avoiding, and texting through every class, I had managed to fail what some considered to be the easiest final ever given at the University of Minnesota. In a desperate bid to pass, I asked my professor for extra credit and that's when he pose the question. Apparently, a long time ago, some nutjob decided it'd be fun to test just how willing people were to listen to authority. They gave people a button and asked them to administer lethal amounts of electricity to someone else. And those fuckers did it! Nobody questioned it, they just dialed up the power and pressed the button when told to. The idiots. That just went to show how backwards things used to be. Though I guess now it was my job to see if we still were idiots or as my professor liked to say, no better than the Nazi's. "Excuse me ma'am," I said and stepped in front of a lady with her two kids. I motioned over to the sign besides me that read *Leave Wallet Here*. "New policy." "What?" the lady shot and brushed past me. "You're lucky I don't call the police," she called after me. "Enjoy the movie," I muttered back. I wondered who the idiot really was, the people in the electroshock experiment, or me, standing here with a sign drawn by magic marker and a small wicker basket trying to rob everybody that passed me. I could imagine it already--headlines for the morning newspaper: boy arrested for dumbest crime ever conceived. I sighed as a short and stocky man approached. "Excuse me, sir," I called after him. He took a lasting glance at the sign and then me. "Sorry," he said and plopped his wallet into my basket. For a second, I could only stare. "Are we good?" the man asked. I snapped out my daze. "Yeah, of course." The next lady I approached was halfway to calling the cops until she spotted a wallet already inside the basket. Her eyes widened and her mouth formed a small *O*. She threw her purse inside. The next man, I didn't even need to say anything to. I gave him a single glance, a nod to the sign and he did as he was told to. Soon, I had an entire basket full of purses and wallets. At last, my wicker basket could hold no more. "What the hell," I muttered. My professor had been right. We were no better than the Nazi's. Anyone would do anything as long as a figure of authority told them to. A smile touched my lips as I retrieved the magic marker pen from my pockets. With but a tux, a sign, and some marker, I could have anything I ever wanted. --- **NORTH STAR TRIBUNE NEWSPAPER** LOCAL IDIOT TRIES SLEEPING WITH WOMAN ARMED ONLY WITH A TUXEDO, A SIGN, AND A MAGIC MARKER Sources indicate that an unnamed college student tried getting women to take their clothes off and sleep with him inside a movie theatre. He had a sign saying that all women were required to sleep with him. Eye witnesses claim that he was aghast when they refused and simply pointed to his sign over and over again, screaming about Nazi's. He has since been admitted into Hopkins Hospital for psychiatric evaluations. --- --- /r/jraywang for 5+ stories a week and 100+ already written! 