
I'm not sure quite where "What the fuck?" falls on the spectrum of possible last words, but I can tell you that dying of oxygen deprivation isn't all that great, especially when you're already in a state of astonished panic. I guess some people might enjoy the hallucinations, which is exactly what I thought the old man must have been once I came to in the sickbay with medbots attending to me. "VERY MINIMAL BRAIN DAMAGE," one of them reported. They don't exactly have the best bedside manner, but when you were crew on an armed wildcat mining ship like the *Zoolander* there was a good chance you wouldn't have time for the niceties should you find yourself needing medical attention. "Thanks, Doc," I said through a throat that felt like I'd been sampling recovered waste-dust from one of the mining drone's diamond drills. "YOU SOUND AWFUL," it said. "SUGGEST THIS SOOTHING SWISS-HERB-AND-STEM-CELL COCKTAIL." It held out a small re-re-re-cycled paper cup full of some purple liquid between two shiny delicate fingers. I downed the stuff in a few slow excruciating swallows. Excruciating not because it hurt, it actually did help with the pain, but because the med-bay's main flavor-synthesizer had been on the fritz for weeks now and had developed some truly abominable ideas about how human taste buds work. I used every gram of willpower I could summon to keep from gagging, which I knew wouldn't help my throat, gave the solution a ten-count to settle in and waterproof itself, then downed what felt like a full liter of water straight from the dispenser. "PLACING YOUR MUCOUS MEMBRANES DIRECTLY ON THE NOZZLE IS NOT CONSIDERED HYGIENIC," the bot admonished me. "So sanitize it," I said, stretching out my still-slightly-shaky limbs before making for the door. I had more important things to worry about than saving some medbot five minutes of sterilizing. More important questions, really, and I couldn't ask the this particular bot any of them because the medbay was heavily quarantined from the rest of the ship's network. I slapped a coms panel the moment I got out in the corridor. "What in all the cold void of Hell is going on?" I demanded. No answer. "Systems! Report!" I yelled. "ALL SYSTEMS ARE UNDERGOING SELF-REPAIR PROCEDURES. CRITICAL DAMAGE. ALL OTHER DIAGNOSTIC INFORMATION UNAVAILABLE." "All Crew: Report," I said. Silence. I ran. Or as near to it as you can safely do in the half-gee of a ship corridor's permanent grav-plating. The cut, or whatever it was, would be just aft of the med-bay and... ...and there it was. I mean, I'm pretty sure it was there, or why was there yellow tape over it? Yellow tape. No. No no no. I blinked, rubbed my eyes, and looked again. Yeah, maybe that sounds stupid, but after what I'd just been through I figured my visual systems might still not be operating at 100%, and frankly that particular section of the human brain wasn't terribly reliable even at the best of times. Nope. Still there. Yellow tape, all down the inner hull, down the wall, across the walkway just in front of my boots. Back up the other wall, right across the ceiling. "Did a good job, didn't I?" someone cackled behind me. I whirled, and there he was. Sans spacesuit this time, though his clothing was very strange. We don't exactly go around in uniforms aboard the *Zoolander,* but this was like...I don't know, maybe if some sixteenth-century dandy decided to re-create twenty-second-century fashion going off an especially untalented kid's crayon drawings. "Okay," I said, and the flatness in my own voice amazed me. "Just who the fuck are you and why--how--where are my Goddamned shipmates?" <continued below> 