
They denied me the crown and threatened to exile me, so I smashed all of their heads. They thought themselves to be men of wit, but they were nothing but brainless knights. I will admit, there was truth in their words. I hadn't pulled the sword out of the stone. I had surpassed that mundane task by lifting the entire rock, which was much more impressive. They deserved it for not recognizing my prowess. But well, that was part of the past. Now, Stonelibur and I ambled through the streets, seeking for things that could be improved. Official or not, I was king. I emanated respect, and the people knew it, that's why they hid from me. How foolish they were. They thought of themselves too inferior to disturb my personal space. I didn't mind. I loved people, unless when they were mean to me. I made my way inside an inn. Bad ale is something I would not tolerate in my kingdom. There was only a customer and the innkeeper. That spoke poorly of this place. They both stared at me, but none seemed to care much. They were chatting and drinking at the counter, so Stonelibur and I joined. "Give me a tankard of your best ale," I said, leaving Stonelibur beside me, and hitting the table with my open palm. I turned to the customer. "What's your name young man. You look like a soldier." He raised a greasy eyebrow. He hadn't seen water in a long time. "Arthur." His gaze locked in Stonelibur. "Can I see that mace? It's incredible." The innkeeper placed the tankard atop the counter. I smiled and took a drink. It tasted like stagnant piss. "Sure thing, boy." Arthur stood up, and touched the hilt of the buried sword. His face agape. "Care if I try to pull it out?" "Sure boy," I said, and took another sip. "Go ahead." His hands wrapped the hilt. They fitted perfectly. He pulled with great care, as if it was an invaluable relic. Did he really think that would wo-- I'll be damned but he took it out. This greasy, dirty boy had broken Stonelibur. He stared at me. His brown eyes brimmed with joy. He bore a smile so wide, I could barely see its end. Didn't he understand what he had done? I picked up Stone, and smashed Arthur's head with it. His skull cracked, and his corpse struck the wooden ground. "That will teach him not to break other people's property," I said and gulped down the ale with a frown. "This youngsters and their lack of respect for their elders. Don't you agree?" The innkeeper's face was ashen, pale as the brightest moon in the darkest night. He didn't answer, instead his gaze wandered over the trail of blood gushing out of Arthur's head. "Here." I extended my hand. "You were a good host. Silence is always the option of the wise men when they don't know something. It won't get you friends, but it won't get you enemies either." He nodded, and shook my hand. However, he was fixated on Arthur's corpse. He wasn't wise. He was witless. That explained the awful taste of the ale. "Arthur will pay my bill." I grabbed the sword and merged it back with Stone. Then, I left the establishment. There were many others I had to visit. ------------------------------------------------------ /r/therobertfall - For more stories 