
"Here we are, Becky" I say, creaking open the rotting walnut door of the ancient house. "This is the place where it happened." You grin stupidly, beautifully, as you straighten your back and walk past. "This is just amazing, Kris, I swear I can feel her ghost in the air. Like electricity, you know?" I feel something too, as you brush by. That energy feathering my neck. Raising the hairs on my arms. You pause in the hallway and look at me, brows furrowed in blue-eyed suspicion. "So... how did you hear 'bout this place again?" *Oh, I know where all the dead hang out, Becky. Truth is, I've known about this sorrowful place for a long time now. Just, I've always tried to keep you safe from things that might hurt you.* "Friend of a friend," I say. "Okay fine, Kris. Have your secrets. Now let me see, the person who used to live here was..." You shrug the cotton sack from off your back and pull out a notepad, skimming to your penciled-in record. "Miss R. Elwood. Found swinging from a rope tied to the attic rafters. Aged twenty-one. Left behind a little sister and a father. Her father said she'd always been suicidal, so as tragic as it was, it was also no great surprise." I say, "Didn't leave them behind exactly, not from what I heard. Father got his other daughter out the house something swift, before she took them both with her." "I wonder why she was so angry?" you ask. "God, I hope you're right about this, Kris. I love my job but if I don't find something soon -- something worth writing about that I can get published in a journal, then..." "Could always fake the results. " Your blue eyes burn fierce for a moment, then suddenly cool and harden. "I'd rather be fired," you say. "I do this because I *believe in it*. Because I want to help souls -- alive and dead. Faking it would just--" "I get it. You need to help people." I want to add: you've helped *me*, you know? Your spirit, your hope, its seeped into me, like dye drawn into a woody, decaying flower. Changed me and recolored me. So today, I'm helping you. An old fashioned skirt, reams of ochre and orange, billows around your legs like a punctured awning. You look at me and ask, "Shall we go straight on up to the attic, Kris?" "Might as well," I reply. "Okay then. I'll go first." I raise a hand and a smile. "Of course. I'm just along for the ride, as always." Your cold breath mists the air like sprinkled particles of glass, lit by tea-stained moonlight through dirty windows. I love you. Love how brave you are. How pure. I've not told you that, but I will once this is over. You might believe me then. The stairs creak beneath my weight, but you move like a burglar -- soft, delicate steps, always silent. We've been doing this for months. Investigating feelings. Building up to something real. Goosepimples rise in waves on your neck as if you heard my mind. I say, "You're shivering." You look back at me and say, "It's a good sign, I think. I never usually get nervous. If I am today... Well, it might just mean we're onto something!" The trapdoor is above us, a crease of light grinning through the gaps in the square edges. We fish the lock open with a hooked pole that had lain cobwebbed against the wall. *click* "Careful!" I shout. The door trembles open and a ladder skitters down -- I pull you out the way, hard against me, before it hits. You look up and let out a single nervous laugh. "*Close*." I nod and gesture at the ladder. "After you." Your hands seize the wooden rails but you hesitate, take deep breaths. Breasts push nervous against your corset. "I don't know if I can do this." "You've never been scared before," I say firmly. "No. I know." "What's scaring you this time?" You shake your head, eyes damp. "I don't know, but I feel *really* uneasy. Just... not right. Like I shouldn't be here." I take your hand and warm it between mine. "Just remember that I'm with you. Always." "Yeah. Yeah, I know. And thank you for coming -- I know you didn't need to." "I wanted to." With that, you nod. Climb. One step at a time, like how we got here. One step just naturally leading to another. To each other. I can't follow you this time, though. When you see the familiar rafters up there, the rope coiled like a snake beneath, you'll need time to piece it together. And I'll be here when the ripples of memory, of anger and sadness, begin to settle and the murky water subsides. When you know who was swinging and who tied the rope around the throat. The police believed him, too. No wonder you couldn't leave. When you come back down, I'll tell you how your father paid a thousand times over for what he did to you. For what he did to your mother, before you. A demon cloaked in more evil than I ever wore. I'll tell you, too, that your sister lived a good life, safe and far away from his vodka-soaked breath and dirty claw-nails. Mostly, I'll tell you that I love you. Have since I first met you. Since that first attempt to help you leave. But you were so confused, back then. I hope, soon, you'll understand that it's time to move on. You won't travel the next road alone, either. We'll take it together, one step at a time, like we've always done. &#x200B; --- Thanks for reading! -- sorry if it was a little hard to follow. More stories on /r/nickofstatic 