
Elli was born without the names. Some people thought that she was blessed. She was not faced with knowing the name of the person who would kill her. Others believed it was a curse, some kind of disability. She had to admit that not having the names made her wonder if there *was* something wrong with her. Everyone has the names. So what does that mean about her? Will she never really be loved? Will she eventually become so lonely she'll just... kill *herself*? That was what she believed until she met Brian. He was beautiful, smart, funny, and *he had her name*. He knew about her predicament, and didn't care. He loved her, even if it meant she'd never really be his. Two years after dating, she accepted his marriage proposal. Their parents disagreed because of her "disfigurement", but it didn't matter. They were in absolute bliss. Through all the doubt, all the worry, she knew this was meant to be. That was until two months before the wedding, when her mother burst into her home while Brian was away. "You can't marry him!" Her mother yelled. "We've talked about this, mom. He doesn't care that I don't have the names. We love each other!" Elli explained. "I know he doesn't care, but you just can't marry him Elli! You can't! It's not meant to be!" She insisted. "Then tell me why. Why can't you just let us be happy?" Her mother sighed and sat down at their dining room table. It seemed as if she was struggling to find the words. "Your father and I... We were tortured by the names. We were happy that it allowed us to find each other but knowing the names of our killers... It tortured us, Elli. We wanted things to be different for you." "What are you saying, mom?" She asked, panicked. Her mother paused, looking at the floor. "WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?" Elli demanded. "We had them removed, Elli. People aren't supposed to know these things. We wanted life to be better for you." Elli's mind went blank. She wasn't a freak. She wasn't disfigured. Her parents did this to her. Elli looked up, finally understanding what her mother was saying. "Did I have his name? Please tell me. Please tell me I had Brian's name." Elli begged. Her mother stared at her for a long time before finally shaking her head. "I'm sorry honey." Elli started crying, her mind racing. The one person she loved most in the world was not her soulmate. She'd already built a life with him, loved him, made promises, shared secrets, planned their perfect wedding and imagined their perfect home, they'd even picked out names for their future children. Names... That's when she realized. She didn't have his name... but he still had hers. 