
"Sir Longdong this is a serious matter, a "whoops" do not solve the problem. Right now villages and towns along the Drakig Plains is under constant fear of attack. There are no less than 12 towns and villages burned to the ground." "What can I say, I'm really bad with fancy writing. I can't really differentiate those curvy characters" - Longdong speak as he caress his daughter hair. The girl is sleeping soundly on Longdong lap, her mouth sucking on her little hand, covers in small red scales. "So what are you intending to do?" The messengers gave the dragon princess a troubled glance. Nobody could have guess the beautiful lady standing there was a dragon, nevertheless one of the most powerful dragons ever walked this land for the last 500 years. He should have see the sign when Longdong carry a naked girl wrapped in his cloak out of the castle after the battle. They all assumed the dragon felled to the bottonless cliff behind the castle, as they were too scared to follow him into the castle. He quickly turned his gaze away, as he felt he was drawn in by her beauty and realize he stared at her just a little bit too much, not knowing whether that was a side effect of the transformation spell or it was simply her breathtaking beauty at work. Now that he think about it, she was really bewitching back then too. "Me? I'm going to do nothing. I remember that you guy didn't even bother to reward me what was promised for reclaiming the damned fort or castle or whatever that place was. Beside, I don't intend to present myself to my inlaw anytime soon, as my wife is still want to let them freak out for a bit more time." "But villages are being destroyed! The king will pay you handsomely if you finish the job. I can guarantee that with my life if you wish for it." "Villages that I told you guys not to build there to begin with? Sorry, not my problem. And I'm sure the Fire Dragon dude, Jyvufi or whatever his name is gave the resident time to run before turning the place into ashes. That bastard dislike the smell of burning flesh after all." The young knight accompanying the messenger drew his swords and point at the Longdong's wife and child as he speak: "You leave me no choice Sir Knight, by the authority bestowed upon me by his Highness the King and His Holiness the Pope, I declare you and the dragons are hereby arrest on charge of heresy and treachery against the thr---" Before he could finish his word, he was sent flying in the air then slam into the tree, snapping it in half. "Let me be clear here" - Longdong was already standing beside the messenger and his squire, hanging his hand over their shoulders - "I don't really give a fuck about your asshole King or the Pope, so don't think their name have any leverage here. I don't give a damn about you guy pointing sword at me either, I got that a lot in my life already. But the next time any of you dare to point a weapon, or even a god damn finger at my wife or my child, I shall turn the Capital castle into an abandoned castle. I'm letting you leave this place because thank to you I did get to marry the sweetest girl in this world, eventhough you guy tried to request me to kill her, but then again you did treat her quite well during our trip back and she want me to spare you ass of the beating that gonna follow. Consider it my last warning. Oh, one last thing, Tarlia want to know do you want to stay for dinner?". 