
It was surprising that people haven't caught on earlier. Since it turns out, you not only keep your intelligence stat, but you keep all your stats. After my 6th reincarnation i accidentally killed both my father and mother because i threw the ball with a bit too much force while playing catch. The whole thing was swept under the rug, and played off as a gas leak. After all, there is no way a 10 year old could do that much damage. I tried to restrain myself in the beginning, but the more lives i lived, the more time i spent with humans, the more i realized i was different than them. The only thing similar between them and me was that i looked human. I was faster, smarter, stronger and tougher than them. During my 24th life i didn't even bother with acting as an infant. I ran away the moment the humans weren't looking. I broke into a secret government research site that i discovered during one of my previous lives. Using my accumilated knowledge of over 2200 years, I invented an "age acceleration" drug. It took a year to develop the drug. The research was hindered by my infant sized body and the government trying to reclaim the site. They just kept sending more and more humans into the grinder. I quickly used the drug and gave myself a body of a 20 year old, this shortened my lifespan but i didn't care. As i would just start anew each time i died. I tried everything these humans could offer. I traveled to every continent, every country and every city. I tried every kind of sport, read every book, and i watched every series and movie. I put myself into situations that none of those humans could even hope to survive. The more i traveled the more i realized how corrupt and disgusting this "human civilization" was. I was robbed in every 3rd city i went to, half of the times i would have died if not for being bullet and knife proof. Humanity needed guidence, they needed a leader. I am going to be that leader. I suddenly realized my purpose on this planet. I needed to cleanse humanity of its sins and unite them under me. Taking over the planet was easy as expected. After i became the supreme leader of Earth, I solved overpopulation and world hunger at the same time, created jobs and infrastructure wherever it was needed. I was happy and my subjects were happy as well. But i quickly realized that there was a single enemy that i could not fight against, that no matter how strong or fast or tough i was, i would still lose to it. Time. I gathered the brightest minds the Humans could offer, thier intelligence was nothing compared to mine, but they were impressive for human standards. We started researching immortality, we used my age acceleration drug as a base and worked ourselves up. It took us 32 reincarnations to finish it, but it was ready. Finally, after 194 reincarnations, i can start my Eternal Empire, with me at its head, its Eternal Emperor (Be gentle, its my first time. I am also on the phone and not a native speaker.) 