
I've been doing this for years, now... and I've never really "Freddy Kruger"d anybody. It's crossed my mind, of course. I've even put the fear into some people, but I always end on a sunny note. I guess I'm just not a mean guy. Initially, I visited the dreams of people I knew. Handed out fun stuff, had some good times. Then I learned some things I'd rather not have known, and that ended that era of my dream-hopping. Afterward I spent some time with celebrities... made *them* have racy dreams of *me*. Of course they have no idea who I am, but I guarantee they'd recognize me on the street. Yeah, that was a fun saga. I'd visit more than just hot celebrities, though -- see how music forms in the brains of my favorite artists. Sit in on a scientist or philosopher. There are a lot of neat dreams once you get out of your own head. Eventually I got bored of trying to *choose* new people and just began to sort of fall into random dreams. This was really interesting in a benign way. I saw some weird stuff again, but they were strangers now... I could change it, or leave, or... maybe learn something new about myself. Once I fell into the dreams of a guy I hated -- *loathed* in college. The details of why I hated him are inconsequential... I'm sure you've got someone who makes your blood boil, just picture them. So I fall into his dreams, and *that's* when I really decided to mess something up. I slink around in his dreams for a while, trying to learn something to really get at his core. I couldn't just drop him in a nightmare... that's surface damage. I had to be patient; I sat through many pleasant dreams of his, each of them reaffirming my quest. I would ruin him... Patience. *Finally*, I thought. It was dark, dingy. The colors were muted. He sat with some toys on the floor of a kitchen that was a size too big. I stood invisibly in the corner as a stomping sound wafted in through a doorway, and then a man who was unmistakably his father -- too large, looming, heaving with every breath -- ducks into the kitchen. His eyes are sunken beneath a heavy brow, and the air in the kitchen turns to alcohol. My eyes and throat burn briefly before I have the presence of mind to stop feeling it. *CLEAN UP THIS GODDAMN MESS!* A woman enters meekly, but with a loud shrill voice: *I TOLD HIM TO CLEAN IT UP! I TOLD YO--* A loud smack from the father, and the mother figure puffs into mist, drifting away out of the kitchen. The man-child on the floor -- my nemesis, my victim -- begins to weep. So far I've done nothing to this dream. The father, without another word, takes off his belt. It makes a scraping, rasping sound, like a sighing dragon. The belt comes up and cracks down on the boy, who is screaming, sobbing, screaming, sobbing. With each swing of the belt, he shrinks a little, slowly becoming this weak, whimpering ball. With each strike, Father grows bigger, darker. This is *exactly* what I was looking for... and I am disgusted. I leap forward from nowhere, putting myself ahead of the next strike with a gleaming golden shield. The belt shatters against it, and as the enraged Father raises his fists he is enveloped in golden light. The light subsides, and he is gone. I stand alone over the cowering boy, who looks up bewildered -- he's had this dream many times, but not like this. As I help him to his feet, he recognizes my face, and I can see the weird, confused slew of emotions running through his head... and I kind of like that better than my original plan. Let him puzzle over his 'savior' when he wakes up. On my way out, just for fun, fading into the pure golden light, I reach out and rap on his balls, singing *nutcheeeeck*. Ahh, satisfaction. 