
Apologies for formatting. Aug 17, 2018. Dear diary, today's the day... Thirty-five thousand days, give or take a few. It's such a long time when you sit and think about it. The amount of abuse and ostracization I had to put up with for being the only one without a power. At first I was just picked on by the other kids. I never got to play Heroes and Villains. I was always the last one picked for team games. I never even had any dates throughout all of my schooling. Who would want to date a "normie" after all? Oh sure, my parents still told me they cared and wanted to spend time with me... But I could tell... I could always tell. It's hard *not* to spend time in the sky, looking at fantastic sights with your significant other, when you can both fly. Who would want to stay on the ground with their unimpressive, un-special son? But I don't blame them any. You have to look out for your own happiness after all, and they were looking out for their own. As you know, I left the house as soon as I could. I got myself a studio in a small suburb and did whatever work I could get my hands on. I was a meager living, as no one wanted to hire someone without an "exceptional quality", but I made due. I had my fun when and where I could. Of course nothing too out there. I'm only human after all. Those people with powers though... The *things* they would do and the *risks* they would take... Makes my heart skip a beat. I had a few flings, some one-night stands, and some relationships that would last a few months, but just like at work no one wanted to invest in someone without a flashy power. I did alright for myself. Had plenty of savings. Was able to buy myself a house. Raised dogs for companionship and emotional support. You know that the 'powers' gene is being reported in animals now? We've actually managed to breed powers into our pets. That would have been a lucrative business, if only I were 50 years younger. But alas, I am not. And none of my dogs had powers. I had to bury Samwise yesterday, and I long since stopped my breeding business. It's just me now. Of course you know all of this... I've told you all the stories in my life. You're probably my only remaining friend. You don't say a lot, but you're one hell of a listener. And even you I'm going to have to say goodbye to. So thanks for listening, when no one else would, and being there for me through the good times and the bad. I won't say "remember me" because I know you will. You can hardly do anything but. I, Reginald Clearwater the Second, of sound mind and body, do thusly request that my house and all my belongings be burned in the case of my death. I wish for the ashes of my, and my belongings, remains be used as fertile ground for those who come after me to grow their uniqueness, and to truly shine. May no one else be as unimpressive as I. . Aug 18, 2018. Dear diary, today's the day I found out that I cannot die. This changes *everything*. 