
We had no idea what we were getting into. It was called the Lifeless Zone, an area of the Atlantic devoid of life for a roughly 150-mile radius. No one knew what caused it so suddenly - not NOAA, not the government (that they told us), not anyone. Theories abounded, wilder by the retelling: the Russians, the North Koreans, aliens. Who knew how long the Lifeless Zone had existed, even, since NOAA detected it? I was a midshipman on the U.S. Seacat at the time. Since I was little, I'd heard the siren song of the sea, but my parents had wanted me to join the military. The Navy was enough to satisfy them. We were called out to dredge the Lifeless Zone for any kind of outside interference, since we were the closest ship to it for a hundred miles. The surface of the Lifeless Zone looked just like the rest of the ocean: boundless ripples moving in the direction of the wind and the currents. Bright and sunny and calm, completely belying the reality at the bottom of the ocean. "Start pinging," the Captain commanded. "I want to see every nook and cranny of the Lifeless Zone, and I want to know what's hiding in the nooks and crannies." "Aye sir," the woman working at sonar replied. The musical beeps of active sonar began to echo softly through the helm. It stayed that way for hours. Then . . . "Movement, our four! Oh my god, what is that?" "What's happening, Lieutenant?" the Captain demanded. "It's way too fast for a sub!" one of the nearby men reported, hovering over the girl's shoulders. "500 meters . . . 400 . . . 300 . . . 200 . . ." Several of us ran outside to see the thing that moved so fast. A bulge formed in the water to starboard. I was among those who crowded to the rails hoping for a glimpse. I wish I'd stayed inside. Its domed top rose out of the water, followed by a columnous body - thousands upon thousands of tentacles, rising ever upwards. It was so tall, its shadow blocked out the sun. I thought I could see mouths on the ends of some of the tentacles, snapping and thrashing. Then, silence. I now knew what they meant about silence being the loudest thing of all - it was so silent, so still, it was as if the moment in time was frozen forever in a tableau of shock and awe. That moment popped like a bubble as the monster began to fall towards the deck. Edit: that should be all the errors. I apologize, I do not usually submit first drafts. -_(tsu)_/- Also, I thought it was kind of obvious that they all died. 