
The internet itself was a relic of the past. Some archeologists about 5 years ago dug the millennia old system drives up, and after being confiscated by the government, the embargo had finally lifted and now a select few researchers, you included, were allowed to browse the immense library for works of priceless art and for information about the ancient global culture, set at the very dawn of man. The files themselves were still mostly confiscated, but according to recent research by your colleague, completed all but a week ago, those were almost entirely useless without the translating device of the ancient time, which you now know was called a computer and which you had finished assembling from a mishmash of relics just two days prior. And finally yesterday, you had connected the super advanced alien tech to your designated portion of the ancient micro-scripts known as the internet, and booted the translating computer for the first time in at least 700 years. The system had powered on, and you were in. Those first twenty-four hours had been a rollercoaster for you, and the only reason you had not immediately run to the local news broadcasters at the first High Definition video of a ancient human you had ever seen recorded*, or actual genuine footage of long extinct creatures such as cats, was for the sake of a greater academic paper which you might write. A compilation of the relevant discoveries here, all released at once, would be exactly the sort of historical essay which might put you into the history books yourself. You still took almost several books worth of priceless notes within those first 24 hours, and countless pictures of the ancient video, least the very hard-drive these images were stored on suddenly crack. Your progress through these ancient texts was rather slow, but you had still worked your way through at least five hours of it by the time your body crashed hard and you slept in your desk for twelve hours straight in a bodily attempt to regain some of your energy. What had really stuck you about the system on that first day was how absurdly petty and meaningless most of it's videos seemed to be. You could only imagine it a sort of religious idol-worship of fluffy animals that seemed to comprise most of the videos still left on the site. Not that such a topic comprising the videos made them any less ground breaking or revolutionary. They were set in the backdrop of what seemed to be ancient homes filled to the brim with ancient artifacts newly made for their intended purpose and filled with ancient characters every now and then even speaking in a language which could only be archaic english. But sadly there had been a regrettable lack of seemingly educational content, such as the construction process for such ancient tools or the legal system used by the ancient peoples or even just their own history and what they knew about the gods who had set up their immense and peerless civilization before them. Conformation about such creation myths would be highly valued by the modern church if you were to find it. They might even name you an honorary saint! And all of this had led you to today, where twelve hours of sleep had managed to reset your mind enough to try using the search bar at the top of the screen to navigate your way around this ancient library rather then just the ever branching recommended tab. There was only a limited about of ancient vocabulary which we were sure still survived today, with many of the words we used in modern times supposedly created during the more recent apocalype civilization, such as the word "history" with no equivalent word coming before it, but curiosity was the mother of archeology so I allowed myself the shame of an empty search result and tried out the combination of letters just to see if anything would pop up. And pop up things definitely did; supposedly the word "history" got more then 60,000,000 hits on the ancient civilization's database, shocking you and firmly disproving at least 300 years of previous etamological fact. Suddenly scared out of your mind and twitching in anticipation, you clicked on the first video result to come up on your tab: "One Direction - History (Official Video)", an amazing video which proved to be both a wonderful example of classical ancient song, a highly detailed tour of an ancient city and a utterly baffling confirmation that current language and the ancient language were much more similar then just about any linguist in the world might've ever guessed. Sadly, it was a love song rather then a review of ancient history and though you spent almost an hour recording and analyzing it for the cultural significance alone, it was most definitely not the sort of thing you were looking for. The second video down though, looked a bit more promising to your purposes: "history of the entire world, I guess" by Bill wurtz. Sadly, with a length of less then twenty minutes, you sincerely doubted it would have any new information. Even you would be pressed to adequately summarize what little we knew of the gods and their creation of humanity in less then twenty minutes. Still, it would probably be the confirmation that the church desired, and the educational value of learning what the ancient people taught their children would still definitely be worth recording so you hit "play" anyway and set yourself up for a video which you were sure would be familiar ground. ---- *He had been silently baking what appeared to be a cake in the remarkably smooth and appliance-filled background of ancient kitchen. ---- **Maybe I'll make a part 2** 