
To tell you the truth I should've gone insane by now, though maybe in part I have. The first few days were frustrating, but I hadn't thoroughly finished even one of the buildings completely by the first week. My power has a fluctuating field of view, but so far as I can tell time stands still no matter where I go in the whole southern half of the city. And it's stayed still for the better part of a decade now. If there's something I've over-looked in all this time, I don't think I'll ever be able to find it. I've searched every person, from every angle. I've checked all their belongings, under every bench and chair, no trip wires or bombs. I even looked up medical records of damn near everyone. No one with a nut allergy is within meters of a potential nut. No dogs have rabies, nor are there any people at the tops of the taller buildings except one maintenance guy. There aren't any broken brake lines, and no one is dangerously outside of a nearby crosswalk. No one who shouldn't have a gun has one. There's nothing on the frozen TVs that mention a robbery or high speed chase somewhere, nor of an astrological object hurtling towards the earth, let alone this part of the city. I've come to the same question every time I hit a new roadblock. Should I keep going? Should I look again. And again. And again. I've already looked again. But at this point I'm tired. And I'm trapped here unless I find and save the person who's in danger. The sewers are clear, there's no major criminal activity nor any super villains. They're on holiday this time of year. And even if they weren't they'd come after me specifically. I mean they could use people as pawns but they're smart enough to know hurting or killing citizens gets them a one-way ticket to their own death. I'm not immortal though. If I don't figure this out soon I will literally die trying. Should I keep trying? Does that person really deserve everything I've put into so far? Why don't I just let go and let them die as well. Cause even if I do find them, either tomorrow or in another ten years- they won't understand what I've had to sacrifice. This is the hardest thing I've had to do and no one is here to see it. The quick-saves and even the days-on rescues are worth the burden of the power. But this. This has turned into something I can't bare any longer. If I look again, I'll probably slip up since I've seen everything already so many times. At this point what new perspective do I really have? Why don't I just end it here. Why don't I go find that maintenance worker one more time and say goodbye, even though he won't ever hear me say it. Ah, there he is, on top of the Kensington building, like he's always been. It was a long walk up here but the view is the best in the city. One last look to the sunset was something I deserved. I don't actually know the man, I couldn't find any record on him, and he wore a netted hat thing, which the name escapes me, but it doesn't matter now. But so, with just him and me up here, I say my goodbye and walk the few steps to the ledge and step up to it. But, in doing so I step onto something squishy. So I lift my shoe just to see what odd thing was up here. It was a small couple of bees. And then time unfroze. 