
"Any luck translating the rest of the signal?" Captain Janis McMitchell asked her first mate, Commander Jimbob Jenkins. "HQ is up my ass about this. We're the point of contact out here for all alien species." "I don't know," Jimbob replied. "Let me ask our linguist, Sergeant Kelley." "It's the first incident we've had with aliens contacting *us* and not vice versa. I hope we can do more than just ask linguists, Jimbob." "So do I, sir." *** "What do you make of it, Kelley?" Jimbob asked the linguist. "Any chance of breaking the rest of the message down?" "Actually, I was done with that like a few hours ago," Kelley replied. "What are you doing now?" "Playing asteroid lander. It's a total classic, man, you gotta check it out." Jimbob shook his head. Sergeant Kelley was always going after the oldest fads, trying to find the next ancient thing that would be popular once more. "And the rest of the message?" "Oh, yeah, sir, got it right here," Kelley said as he sipped a large, nondescript beverage and continued to play his game. He handed the first mate a piece of paper. "I wrote it down in case you want to burn it." "What, on a piece of paper, really?" Jimbob asked. He was used to light banter from his linguist, not the serious tone he now spoke with. "And burn it? Why?" For the first time through the course of their conversation, Sergeant Kelley looked directly into Commander's eyes. "Take it. Show it to the captain, if you feel you must. Don't read it. I did, and I'm trying to get drunk enough to forget it." "And burn it?" "Burn it instead of showing it to the Captain," Kelley replied, turning back to his game. "I would." *** Jimbob prided himself in maintaining himself in front of his superiors at all times. He never let his personal opinion touch his face, although he had voiced it many times, some times being scolded for it and others commended. Now he sat across from his captain, with his hands covering his face and tears covering his eyes. "These are people," Janis said again. Jimbob had lost count of how many times she had said it. "No matter how...many of them aren't nearly as advanced as us, and we've come across some whose systems of morality seem to be against the very grain of nature itself. But they are people." "I thought about just burning it," Jimbob said. He sniffed and wiped his eyes. "I guess it's just not me." "I have to report it, just as you did," Janis said. "And we...as humans...need to start choosing which worlds will live and which must die." *** "And the message is that clear?" Admiral Jacobs said over the video phone. "That if we don't immediately cull ten percent of the galaxy's population, then they'll destroy us?" "Not only is the threat clear, Admiral," Captain Janis said. "We have definitive evidence that these inter-galactic aliens will exterminate all of humanity if we do not follow through with their demands." "We know resources are finite, regardless of how large the universe really is. They said we can choose which species will die, well let's choose. I'm sure the Council will have no problem with this. The higher up the chain it goes, the fewer problems there will be." "I understand, sir." "Don't fret about this. If you didn't figure out what the rest of the message said, then someone else would have." "I know. Let's just hope there's not some greater beings out there governing our population." "It already crossed my mind," the admiral said. "We're prepared." 