
It was the last time any other city-state attacked us. Every screen in the city showed the enemy helicopter as it flew toward the city. Every citizen watched as it swooped over the city center and opened its cargo bay doors. And every eye was transfixed when the deadly cargo came tumbling out: hundreds of *black cats*. We watched them fall, watched as they righted themselves and fell parachute-like toward the Earth, and then collectively gasped as each one touched the ground. And every voice burst with joyous laughter. Our defenses had worked *perfectly.* You see, Tycheripoli was already renowned as the luckiest place on Earth, and was considered by most to be quite impervious to most such attacks. Still, since the day years ago that our best fortune-tellers predicted this attack, we had without fanfare prepared even better defenses: * We switched to a new calendar with six seasons in each year (Chioni, Pagos, Tixi, Vlasti, Zoi and Hypnos), five months in each season (Ena, Dyo, Tria, Tessera and Pente), and two six-day weeks in each month--eliminating all Fridays and all 13(th)s; * we upgraded all our highway intersections to four-way cloverleafs; * we resurfaced all our sidewalks with continuous, *non-cracking* pavement; and * we switched our coinage to only two denominations: little silver horseshoes (called Lucks) and two-headed pennies. And then there was our largest employer, the ag/biotech conglomerate Tycheripoli Genetics. Over the last few years, their labs had released, among other wonders; * a tangy, sweet-tasting garlic which quickly became a popular snack; * a hardy variety of goldfish which thrived in our climate and soon teemed in every body of water in our city; * a delicious, *eight-footed* breed of rabbit; * apple trees which produced *one ripe apple a day* throughout Zoi and well into Hypnos; and * a white clover strain that produced *only four-leafed stems*. It was this clover that covered the public square upon which the enemy felines had met their terminal misfortune. The moment they touched ground they exploded in clouds of golden glitter, which quickly combined into a sparkling vortex that sucked straight up into the turbine engines of the enemy helicopter. It clattered and chugged and careened away across the city, until it crashed spectacularly in the luckless badlands beyond. And we were never threatened again. That was many years ago, and Tycheripoli has prospered wildly ever since. There have been some troubling signs lately though--tiny cracks in our crackless sidewalks, drops in apple production, goldfish dieoffs, and even the occasional *three*-leaf clovers. Some experts say that we may be nearing "peak luck," and that our extensive use of lucky charms may be driving worldwide good fortune toward neutrality, a sort of anthropogenic global norming. Conservation is the watchword now. If we act quickly and decisively, maybe we can guarantee a fortunate future for our grandchildren. If we don't, they might not be so lucky. 