
As it turned out, the Statue of Liberty wasn't even a statue at all. It was a living being, an alien from the Libert race that France had made contact with over 130 years ago. The aliens had fallen in love with France's baguettes and cheese and became quick allies. They offered to help them conquer the world and spread their ideal way of life to the rest of the planet, but France wasn't interested. They just wanted to relax with some wine and write some nihilistic poetry. However, they did take up the Libert's offer of protection by installing one of their own in the most powerful country on Earth: the United Statues. For over a century, France never even came close to needing the Libert's help, but tensions had strained during the past few years. New leadership in the U.S., new leadership in France, and a national shortage of Nutella had put everyone on edge. Finally, when the "trade wars" between France and the U.S. were formally announced, that was the last cigarette. The French president sat down at his desk, pulled out the drawer, sifted through his collection of berets, and pulled out the glass-covered red button. He flipped open the protective case, and with a guttural grunt of French satisfaction, he pressed it down with his pinky finger. Across the Atlantic, the Statue of Liberty's eyes opened. The one-hundred-and-fifty-one-foot alien started creaking at it moved on it own for the first time in over a hundred years. It shook off its metal coating, the scraping sound of its joints grinding against each other screeched throughout all of New York City. The metal plates showered down to the helpless crowds of tourists below as they screamed and scattered in all directions. The Libert was revealed to the world. Its skin was neon purple, and it had tentacles where the statue's arms and feet had once been. It turned around to face the city behind it and let out an unearthly roar as it lumbered toward through the water toward the buildings, ready to cause destruction. Meanwhile, over two thousand miles away in the Nevada desert in an underground bunker, alarms were blaring. Scientists in labcoats ran to a wall covered in screens showing the carnage that was happening in New York. The Libert had wrapped its tentacles around skyscrapers and was raising them in the air as easily as ice cream cones, devouring them as if they were just as delicious. Two of the scientists stood strong amidst the chaos around them, oddly calm for the situation. "You know what this means, right Susan?" one of them asked. "Yep," she said. She pressed a button on the console, and the screens changed over to other locations around the world. There was the Statue of David in Italy (which was actually a rock-spitting beast that could take down creatures hundreds of times its size), Christ the Redeemer in Rio de Janiero (which was actually a fire-breathing horror from Venus, just like the real Jesus), and the Spring Temple Buddha in China (which was nearly twice as tall as the Libert and was actually a hive for millions of Bez, insect aliens that fed on Libert flesh). Susan pressed another button, and all three statues roared to life themselves, ready to battle. "It's time to call on OUR alien allies." ***** This prompt was written with the help of chat at the [ScottWritesStuff](https://www.reddit.com/r/ScottWritesStuff/) Twitch stream. 