
"So it's a deal?" he asked with a wily grin. "I guess so, but no funny business," I said. The tuxedo wearing man with two tiny horns protruding from his forehead bowed slightly, "my lady, I shall be nothing but a gentleman." "Well, we better get going. Jane's wedding starts in 10." "I can help with that." He clicked his fingers and a moment later we were standing in a toilet cubicle, huddled closely together. I was about to ask what just happened when the toilet next to us flushed. We waited silently as the person walked out. "Where are we?" I hissed quietly. "We're at your sister's wedding," Lucifer said. "And you teleported us into the toilet cubicle?" I said, suddenly feeling extremely anxious about having to walk out together. "Wrinkled, actually," he said matter of factly. "Wrinkled what?" "We call it wrinkling, not teleporting. And if I'd wrinkled us straight into our seats you'd have more than a few questions to answer, you know." "Whatever, I'm getting out of here. you wait five minutes then follow." Lucifer looked down at the toilet then back to me, "that should work perfectly." A newspaper popped into his hand and I quickly opened the door. A few minutes later I was standing outside the toilet door when my mother walked by. "Hannah! Look at you," she said as she eyed up my stomach stretching my dress imperceptibly. She smiled, "you look beautiful!" "Sure mum," I replied, "so when are things kicking off?" Before she could reply the toilet door opened and out walked Lucifer. He immediately walked over and put his arm around me, kissing me lightly on the cheek. My mum's eyes shot wide. Her gaze flicked between the two of us, "and who is this charming young man, Hannah?" "Louis," he said, holding out his hand. "Wonderful to meet you Louis. You look dashing, although I don't recall this being a dress up party," she laughed as she looked at his horns. "Oh," he said gruffly, "right." His horns started shrinking into his head and mother was about to say something when I intervened. "Ok mum, time to get to your position!" She said nothing for a moment, then Lucifer clicked his finger and she blinked, looked at me and smiled. "Of course, see you two in there," she said and walked off. "What was that? You can't just put my mum under a spell! And you certainly can't walk around doing crazy stuff like shrinking parts of your body, people will notice. Just act normal" I said. Lucifer shrugged, "sorry, just habit. Shall we?" We walked into the wedding hall and found our seats at the front. Lucifer started playing some sort of weird game with my cousin's baby next to us. I couldn't see what was going on but I caught a glimpse of the baby's eyes flicking between various colours as it laughed far too shrilly. I nudged Lucifer. "Cut it out," I whispered. A moment later the music cut in and everyone stood. We watched as my sister walked in accompanied by my dad. She looked incredible in white and Lucifer whistled loudly. He got a forceful elbow in the ribs for that. The ceremony went on as they all do and I sat there awkwardly thinking about how I'm never going to be up there like her. I've never had a boyfriend, I've never even kissed a man. Hell, the best I can do is score a date with the devil. "You may kiss the Bride!" Everyone cheered, Lucifer loudest of all. We watched as the two newlyweds walked out. As everyone started to follow, my dad approached us and introduced himself. "Graeme Prescient, nice to meet you Louis," he said as he forcefully shook Lucifer's hand. "Now, I hear you've been dating Hannah for a while now. You two have been keeping that quiet, haven't you?" "Where'd you hear that" I asked angrily. "Louis was talking to your mother earlier," dad replied. He continued, "you've always liked to keep a few secrets, haven't you Hannah? Anyway, wasn't that a beautiful ceremony? It'll be hard to top." He smiled at me just long enough to make me feel uncomfortable before he turned and walked down the front steps. I turned on Lucifer. "What's that about? What did you do?" "Nothing to worry about. Now, I do believe we have another date to get to," he said and clicked his fingers. Suddenly we were standing in a large open area of rock, the sky a deep red and in the distance an ocean of a similar colour roared. "Where are we?" I asked nervously as I looked around. Then I caught sight of my arm. It was covered in white material. I held it out and realized I was wearing a white dress. "What's going on? You said you just needed a date for a wedding?" I asked anxiously. Lucifer clicked his fingers again and a vast crowd of people appeared sitting in neat lines of seats in front of us. When they saw the two of us they began cheering, with a lot of whistling. He turned to me and smiled as his horns grew back, "It's been five years since I got rid of my last wife and haven't had a single summons since then. Those damn new age dating apps are really putting a dent in the availability of the socially anxious types out there so desperate for a date they'll summon the devil. But you," he grinned wildly as he looked me up and down, "well you're just perfect!" 