
The halls of the Blessed Circle are quieter than usual today, the Great Priesthood realise now that they have been careless. It began with the novices who reported a hooded man stalking them for hours on end, cornering them in dark alleyways and whispering into their ear. He said that he knew their secret, of how he knows about the strings we pull to keep ourselves hidden from the eyes of the world and then leaving without a trace. Then the Whisperer went up the ladder of authority, appearing before Adepts, Priests and even now the members of the Cosmic Council to reveal his stolen knowledge before disappearing without a trace. Now nobody dares speak a word lest the demon uncover even more secrets. In the innermost circle of the underground cathedral an Oracle motions to signal that everything is clear. The Exalted one signs for the Council to listen to his words, "It has come to my attention that our secrets are not as airtight as we thought. How can this be possible?" The ancient figure signed, "We do not know, but we think that he may be an incarnation of a demon who almost revealed our presence to the world of mortals hundreds of years ago. The foul whisperer, he can disguise himself as anyone, only revealing his existence to gloat over victory. Any harm directed towards the devil will be returned a thousand times over without harming the beast as the scriptures say." A High-Priest replied, hands shaking with fear, "The Blessed circle and her sister societies have remained secret fighting against the corruption of the Hells for millennia and we will not be uncovered now!" A councillor at the back yelled aloud suddenly, no longer willing to keep quiet in fear of this wicked spirit. Immediately everyone else in the room started making sounds and gestures of agreement, but even the most incompetent of novices could tell they all had their doubts of the confident statement of the foolish councillor. ... This was way too much fun, seeing the sweat pour down the faces of everyone he whispered to. Sure it was embarrassing at first, but the reactions on people's faces as he whispered 'I know your secret' was enough to make it all worth it. Who should he go for next, what about that rich-looking old man, he must have something interesting to hide! Suddenly the prankster felt a dark overwhelming presence behind him. Trying to disguise his fear he turned around only to see a dark figure, far too tall and thin and with faces swirling around its body, opening their mouths as if to scream before melting back into the figure. The thing stepped forward, leaned over above him and whispered something in a cold, hoarse voice, "Stop taking away my fun. Not cool man!" the abomination groaned before dissipating. Henry then promptly decided to go home and put away his plans for the day. 