
This is the love of my life. I remember the first time that thought crossed my mind...I stopped in the break room to get my morning coffee. She was there. The most beautiful creature I had ever laid eyes on. It was her first week in the office, and she was still struggling with the coffee maker. Luckily I was there to help! We talked and joked while I showed her the path to office caffeination. She flashed that beautiful, perfect smile and that is when I knew...I am going to marry this woman. From that day on you could say that she was my "work wife". We would meet in the break room everyday to get coffee and discuss current events. Her intelligence never ceased to amaze me. I would stop by her desk every afternoon to have a laugh. Her sense of humor is incredible. It wasn't long after we met that I went through a rough patch with my finances. She knew something was the matter when I had to resort to ramen every day rather than my usual jimmy johns turkey sub. In all her perfection she showed up with an extra sandwich every day for two weeks. I knew then that she loved me as well... It wasn't long after that when tragedy struck. You see this perfect girl had already been claimed. She was married with a young daughter. Thus my occasional sadness at what might have been. I remember it like it was yesterday. It was a Tuesday. She didn't show up to work. She was gone the next day. And the next. It wasn't long before the emails started floating about the office detailing her horrible predicament. You see her husband and daughter had went on a walk to a local park. She had stayed home to cook dinner...they never came back. She ended up missing close to a month of work. When she came back she was a different person. Less meetings for coffee. No smiles or jokes when I would stop by her cube. She was crushed. My heart was broken for her. I never stopped dropping by. I never stopped cracking jokes. I never stopped finding news article I knew she wouldn't be able to resist discussing. I loved her. I had to be there for her. It was tough to see her in such despair. The good news is that I never relented in my support and love for her. Just over a year later she heard of a new Italian deli within walking distance of work, and asked if I would go with her. The food was good. I made a joke and she laughed out loud. That smile I loved so much was finally back. Over the next couple months there were more lunches. Lunches turned to after work drinks, which turned to dinners. At first it was to "try various new restaurants around town". Then it became dinner dates three times a week. It was a Thursday. We were walking through a local park after dinner at one of our her favorite restaurants. She told me she was lonely. I knew the feeling all too well. She told me that since her family had disappeared she had started to give up hope of them coming back. That she had feelings for me, and was confused about what to do. I knew what she should do. I kissed her. She kissed me back. Things changed after that. The dinners were at her place. The kisses turned into more. She smiled and laughed in abundance. She said when we were together everything felt right with the world...so I bought her a ring. She said yes on the end of the Wrightsville beach pier during our vacation that summer. We were so in love. Still are. We have two wonderful kids. Our oldest starts kindergarten this year. I have a lot of regrets in my life. What it took to be with her is not one of them. I spent every dollar of my savings at the time and maxed out every credit card to hire that hitman from the internet...but I would do it a million times over again so that I could have her. The love of my life. 