
Johnny's mom had always told him not to talk to strangers. However, she made no mention of what he should do if a Super Villain burst through the roof of his elementary school, threw him over his shoulders, and took him for a joy ride over the skyscrapers of New York. So all Johnny could do was to cry. After all, this was already the 4th time this had happened. The roar of wind stopped and Johnny opened his eyes to find himself in a damp darkness. Water dripped onto the ground from, echoing throughout the building. It looked like an abandoned factory. Johnny sneezed. "Hey," came the voice of The Pyro Lunatic. Though it wasn't the high-pitched and crazed screeching he had heard from television screens. It came deep and soft. "Put this on, you'll get a cold." A blanket draped over Johnny's shoulders and The Pyro Lunatic clinched Johnny's nose between some tissues. It always ended up like this. The Pyro Lunatic would crash through the building of wherever Johnny was with crazed laughter, setting afire to everything around him. But in the privacy of whatever hideout he took Johnny to, his voice, his demeanor, even his face would change. No longer would he have his signature wide-mouthed and forced smile. He looked almost normal. "How was your day?" The Pyro Lunatic asked. Johnny sniffled. "Good." "Oh, you're still cold. Give me a second." A small fire sprouted between them. "Is that better?" Johnny nodded. He wondered how long it would take this time for the heroes to barge in here, kick some pyro butt and save him. "How's school going? Are you doing well?" Another nod. "And Cindy? Is she doing well?" That was Johnny's mom. He nodded. The Pyro Lunatic returned him a small chuckle. "That's good to hear." His voice faded. Only the crackling of the flame sounded between them and the occasional echo of water dripping into water. Through the dancing fire, Johnny could see The Pyro Lunatic's eyes staring, his lips pressed together as he tried thinking of more questions to ask. "Mr. Pyro Lunatic?" Johnny said. The Pyro Lunatic eyes widened. This was the first time Johnny had voluntarily talked to him. "Why do you keep kidnapping me? Am I special?" Johnny asked. "Of course you are, John. Why? Did someone tell you that you aren't?" Johnny shook his head and said, "I mean like, do I have super powers like Righteous Man and you?" "No!" The Pyro Lunatic snapped. Johnny jumped and scooted back. The Pyro Manic's face flushed red and he glanced at the ground. "Sorry," he said, his voice soft again. His eyes swelled with tears. "No, Johnny, you're completely normal. You don't have to worry about heroes or villains or any of that. You can live a completely normal life." "So why do you keep kidnapping me?" "Because..." The Pyro Lunatic's mouth moved but no words came out. He gave up with a sigh and instead asked, "are you getting along with Cindy?" Johnny nodded. "Yeah, she has a new boyfriend now. He gives me candy when he comes over." The fire between them dimmed. "A new boyfriend?" A sad smile spread across The Pyro Lunatic's mouth. He gave Johnny a slight nod. "That's good. Does she... does she ever talk about her last boyfriend? You know... your dad?" "She said he was a no-good crazy person and I shouldn't talk to him if I see him." The Pyro Lunatic coughed out a laugh and wiped his eyes. Now, he was the one sniffling. "She's right," he said, "Cindy's a smart woman and you should always listen to your mother. Don't worry John, the heroes should arrive any minute now, they'll take you back home safe and sound." --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more! 