
######[](#dropcap) The woman's eyes flashed. Her gaze flickered downwards for just a moment before they came up again. "Are you sure?" The words came out silky smooth, almost inhuman. Pietra bit her lip, then glanced back towards her friends. Matthew was bent over double with laughter, while Manny waved at her and then shook his fist. "Yes," she said. "How much will this cost?" The lady smiled. "Not much." It was a good thing her father lacked anything but money. She pulled a black credit card from her pocket. The lady shook her head and smiled. "Oh no, you'll pay when you reach the destination." "Um..." Pietra leaned closer to the counter. "Where am I headed exactly?" "You'll know when you get there." And with that cryptic statement, the woman behind the counter pressed a button out of sight, and a small gap in the counter opened up to reveal a thin, rectangular glass box with a ticket inside. She opened it gingerly, then handed it to Pietra, who took it. It had a surprising weight to it, yet the texture wasn't quite right. She brushed over the unrecognizable letters with her finger, the sensation like water sliding over glass. The sense of unease she'd felt up to this moment vanished as soon as she held the ticket in her hands. It centered her. It was almost as if she knew everything would be alright in that moment. She turned back to her friends and waved, giving them a bright smile. Yes. She was ready for the adventure of a lifetime. Maybe she was going to Australia. Maybe to China. But wherever it was, she knew she would be ready for it. Without hesitating, she walked towards the gates. The crowds around her parted like water, the air around her seeming to grow more pure, lighter. She could barely hear the voices of her friend's panicked voices now, telling her to stay, as she walked through security with no luggage. There were no other passengers on the plane. But somehow, that made sense. It was just as it should be. Pietra sighed in relief. The ticket grew hotter in the palm of her hand, but it was a familiar heat. She chose a random seat, gazing at the random rows ahead of her. Then she closed her eyes. *** "Ma'am, we've arrived." A gentle shake on her shoulder. Pietra's eyes slowly drifted open. It was the woman from the airline counter. "Where are we?" she asked groggily. "3014." Pietra cocked her head to the side. "What is that? A country number?" The woman smiled. She gently grabbed ahold of Pietra's wrist and pressed a device to it. Two little mild shocks of pain, almost imperceptible and lightning fast, and Pietra withdrew her wrist. She stared down at the two tiny blue dots on it. "It's the year. Your payment is complete." "I don't understand," Pietra said, her brows furrowing in disbelief. "The year? And what payment?" The woman smiled back brightly. "Yes, it's the year 3014. And your payment of 2 years of your life. That's how we do things here. Trading life for experiences. It promotes highly calculative decision making, and people on average cite a much higher quality of life before they cycle through again." The woman gestured toward the exit door. "Welcome, Pietra. I certainly hope you enjoy your stay." **** r/AlannaWu 