
"You're lucky," the guard said as the door to the cell swung open. "They're giving you a unique opportunity. Complete tonight's task and you'll eat for a week." Durall spit at the guard's feet. "Traitor," Durall said and got a rifle butt to the side of his head as a reward. But Durall knew the guard's effort was half-hearted. He had likely expected the welcome. As a human guard, every human captive greeted him in a similar fashion. Durall followed the glowing green trail as it illuminated on the floor. He'd never seen the aliens who'd run this ship. None of the other captives had as well. Even the guards just gave a half-hearted shrug when asked about the people controlling the ship. The ones who sent down their killing orders. After taking a few winding hallways, ones Durall had long since memorized, he was led to the Trial Chamber. "How many?" Durall asked in a low growl. The guard tapped at a screen on his wrist. "Six," the guard responded bruskly. "And it's a new species. Apparently one that's showed a little more resilience than the rest." The guard chuckles. "You may actually have to pull the trigger this time. Three rations apiece." He raised his rifle to the ready and put the small weapon in Durall's hand as the door to the chamber opened. "They should be careful about looking too resilient to death. They may find themselves in cells next to us." The guard said nothing behind him as the door slipped back shut. Six creatures were kneeling on the floor. Durall couldn't tell if they were men or women or some other non-binary gender. He didn't care. The only way to survive in the galaxy was to fulfill the terms of their servitude. Humans were the killers of every other race, the only weapons of interstellar war. Durall walked in front of the line of them, weapon held in a low-ready stance. "I've been appointed your executioner," he said with a pregnant pause. Then he cocked his head at the group, surprized. Normally at least a few of them would have died of sheer terror by this point. But every member of this group stared at him without trembling and with clear eyes. Durall raised his weapon to the first, holding ready. Still, they didn't react. *Do they not know what a gun is?* Durall thought. He hated it when he actually had to shoot them. It never really felt like he killed them when they keeled over with fear. But he always had trouble rationalizing a bullet to the head in his cell at night. "We have the security codes," the creature at the other end of his site said. *How were they even allowed to keep their translators in here?* Durall thought. Their captors certainly didn't want executioner and condemned talking to each other in here, with more than one human staying their hand in the past with promises of freedom. Durall also thought it was cruel to have to listen to their pleas and cries in a language he understood. "We are walking out of here," the creature said again, gruff and low. "But we can do so much more with some of your kind with us," it said, with something that could pass as a smile. "Don't you want to see who runs this ship." The door Durall had walked through opened again and the guard entered, rifle raised. "Why is there talking in here. Finish this now." Durall raised his rifle and with quick and deadly aim, shot the guard in the head once, in the seam between the visor at his temple. The guards didn't have nearly the experience killing that he did. The six creatures on the floor raised to their feet, one swiftly removing the rifle from the fallen guard. "How many more of you are there here and willing to fight?" the same creature asked. "As many as you need." **Part 2 is below or you can find it [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/StaceyOutThere/comments/dn3f0p/galaxy_of_glass_part_2/) ** r/StaceyOutThere 