
Poisonous black clouds roiled across the Pacific. Ships from all the world's navies surrounded "The Site", as it had become known. The impact of the asteroid had destroyed an island and sent the word into a panic. Astronomers had been on the fence on if it would be a world ending event until two days before it hit. The asteroid did the one thing no one had expected - it slowed. It still hit with the force of a hundred nuclear weapons and rattled windows in Milan and Montreal. "Ok, guys, looks like that thing is sending some kind of signal now." Vitreal said as he stared up at the television screen. Hargin pulled at his restraints. "Damn you Vitreal, what is your fiendish plan now?" Vitreal turned to look at him. "Darryl, you know you don't actually have to talk like that, right?" Hargin glared at Vitreal, his nostrils flaring and his teeth grinding. "I know you're a big fan of golden and silver age comics but it gets really annoying. That thing that crashed down is clearly some kind of ship. Who or whatever sent it may not have our best interests in mind. So, let's put our thing here on hold and go check it out." "A likely ruse -" Hargin started. Vitreal's eyes began to glow, reminding Hargin of their last battle and how badly he lost. "I mean ... how do I know it's not a trick?" "Well, you don't," Vitreal said as his eyes cooled to their normal light blue. "But I think deep down inside, way past conscious thought, you know damn good and well that if I decided to kick your ass that there's nothing you or anyone else could do to stop me. Remember about six months ago when you, Griller, Foster, and Blastex teamed up to take me out? Remember how I was throwing lightning and tossing mountains at the end of it?" Hargin nodded. "Ever wonder why you never saw me do those things before or since?" "... A little," Hargin admitted. "Turns out the four you were a decent match up for me. Now, I'm gonna let you in on a little secret, Darryl. I've been mugging." Hargin stares at Vitreal. "Ok, not the reaction I was expecting. Well, you never were an A student, were you? I've been pretending. Play acting. Faking it. All those, what do you call them, 'nefarious schemes'? Yeah, fake. How many people have I killed?" "None, foul be- I mean, none. But only because I and the Legion of Heroes have been there to stop you!" "Darryl, you're more of a 'stop a 14-year-old from knocking over 7-11' kind of hero. Not a 'fight intergalactic terror' hero." Hargin sagged in his restraints. "You're right," he so quietly that even Vitreal had to listen carefully. "See, it's no fun being the good guy unless you have a bad guy. And let me tell you from personal experience it's also no fun knowing that you're strong enough to face any challenger. Ever play a video game with god mode? Yeah, gets kind of boring after a bit, doesn't it? That's what my life is like. So I make up little challenges for myself. What if I had super hearing but was blind?" "Miami, two years ago. You said it was because of Radiance's Photon Blast." "Hehehe, no. I also did a 'what if I could only use telepathy but was physically broken?'." "Reno, four years ago. What was it you said?" "Griller's Rampage. I said it was Griller's Rampage that had done me in. God, you guys always give your attacks such stupid names. Do you, like, have them copyrighted or something?" "No, but our marketing people -" "Marketing people?! Hahaha! Oh man, you're worse off than I thought. Look, I've gotta go kick the shit out of some aliens so I don't have time to play dress up any more." With a flick of his hands, Vitreal tore the manacles holding Hargin in place. "There's a phone downstairs. Help yourself to the kitchen. Don't let the cat out of the front door." Hargin looked up at Vitreal from the floor. "Why?" "Well because he's a cat. They run off and even with superpowers ..." "No, I mean why go through all this? Are we just toys to you?" Vitreal knelt down to look Hargin in the eyes. "No, Darryl. Far from it. When I first gained my powers, I thought of all the good I could do. Then I began to question myself. It wasn't long before I realized that I could impose my will on others. Everyone. I could make people do what I thought was right. I would become a tyrant. If I could do that, surely there would be others who could do that. Eventually, one of them would try. World domination. Not for any evil purpose but because they thought it was right. So, to save the world, I became the bad guy. As long as the rest of you were busy fighting me, the rest of the word was free to live their lives as they chose. Right or wrong, it would be their choice. I preserved freedom by standing up as the villain. Only, now there's another threat. I'm off to save the world again, as a hero this time. But I'm serious about the cat." 