
Azazel scratched his forehead and furrowed his brow. "Look kid, you can't just...renegotiate a deal like this. Nobody's ever come back to the demon and asked for *more*." he said. The figure across from him smiled slightly. It was a human male, somewhere in his early 30s. A child, in Azazel's eyes. "Actually, I can. See that clause at the bottom? I slipped it in for later when we first drew this deal up. It says either party has the right to renegotiate a deal, at any time." Azazel's eyes widened slightly. So this is why the kid hadn't asked for anything else on that day 20-some years ago. He'd just asked for Azazel's phone number. Azazel had given him the next best thing, a set of ritual candles he could light to contact Azazel at any time. Azazel cleared his throat and opened his mouth to speak. "So...what is it you want again?" he asked. The human across from him smiled outright this time. "Just a non-compete, non-disclosure agreement. Pretty standard for business arrangements." Azazel scoffed. "Look kid, demons don't *do* business arrangements. The whole point of us making deals is so we get the better end of it! Making a deal with the devil is an expression for a reason." "Well, you did agree to this contract 22 years, 4 months, and 6 days ago. By human laws and your own, you're obligated to abide by it. And I'm renegotiating it. Look, this could go a lot worse for you. Most people would try to screw you into getting immortality, or some kind of world crushing power. I'm not looking for that kind of headache. I just need a contact down here in the...where are we anyway?" "5th Ring of Hell." Azazel said softly. He took a moment to ponder the situation. He couldn't kill the human outright. That would be a breach of contract and land Azazel in some big trouble with the management. See, the deals don't just benefit the demons signing them. No, the higher level demons too busy to be dealing with mortals exact a tax on any souls, lifespan, or objects tangible or intangible. It keeps them in power, and they don't have to do any of the work. Severing a contract before its term ended would result in serious repercussions for Azazel. The best he could do was go along with it and hope he could weasel his way out of the deal at a later date. The contract did say both sides could renegotiate, after all. "So you want a contact? What kind of contact?" Azazel asked. "Just someone I can get ahold of down here. You would be compensated, of course." the human replied. "Wait a minute, are you offering me a job?" Azazel asked incredulously. "Well, more like telling you you have a job. You did agree to it," he reminded Azazel smugly. Azazel groaned. "Why? Why would you need to...employ me?" he said with disdain. "Simple. I'm starting a business venture down here. Pretty lucrative opportunity, not sure why it hasn't been capitalized on before. I'm starting a contract law firm. Our human clients can hire us to help navigate the frankly nebulous world of demonic law. In return we get a cut of their deal." Azazel looked at him blankly, stunned. Then he frowned. "How are you going to pay me? I've got no need for human currency or whatever they get out of their deal." he said. "Don't worry about that, I'm sure we can work something out. Cheer up, champ! This is gonna be a great opportunity for both of us. You start tomorrow. Don't be late!" With that, the human stood up, turned around, and stepped through the portal he had come through. Azazel roared in frustration. He regretted ever signing that deal so long ago. Humans were so much easier when all they wanted was world domination. 