
The realization hits me like an iron fist making one of my ribs collapse with a single blow. Yet, a part of me refuses to accept it. *It's impossible,* whispers the little voice inside my head. But I cannot tear my eyes away from the gathering of people standing near my door. Where are my manners? I apologize, the disorienting nature of the memory made me forget the fact that the narrator matters. Especially when the narrator is, in a way, you. My name is Magnus. I thought I grew up as a normal boy, until age proved otherwise. A quite unheard of condition gifted to me the powers of ever-improving sight. The newspapers dubbed me "Captain Keen." They say my power, recorded on my 24th birthday, was an unprecedented 12/6, it is growing even sharper with age. Back to the story then. It is the morning of my 25th birthday, and I have just woken up. At first I thought I was dizzy because it was inconceivable what I was looking at. I count; there are 50 people in the room. They are all of varying ages, standing in a single line. I instantly recognize everyone in the room - from photo albums, Facebook pictures and... a mirror. I'm in a room with 50 people, starting from an infant to a robust old man. All of them are me; my past, present and future. As if trying to break out of a weird nightmare, I give my first impulse a chance. "Who are you all?" I ask, despite knowing the answer to my question. The 12th boy steps towards me. His body flickers like a hologram when he does, growing a little less opaque. "We are you, Magnus. You have reached the half-way point of your life; your sight is powerful enough to gaze into the past, and honed enough to witness the secrets of the future. "How can that even be possible?!" I shout in exasperation. "Why, you're not special," interrupts the 35th me. He has salt and pepper hair; his spectacles frame a thinner, wiser looking face than the one i possess at 25. "Everyone has past, present and future versions of themselves. They just don't have the eyes to see it. You do." "But what does this mean?" I plead, trying to make sense of this chaos. "It doesn't change anything," a slightly feeble 48th me says. "You know how you make a mistake in your formative years, and a little voice reminds you of it just before you try to make those mistakes again? Those are voices of your past, trying to offer advice. Or how you look at someone from your past and feel a myriad of emotions? That's your past stirring up those feelings in you too. Most people can't see them, but they're always around. You only jump from one image of yourself to the other as the years pass; so they never really leave, because each knows their importance in your life, and the value of the experiences they carry." "And... and what about the future? People can't see their future can they?" "They can't see it, no." says 40th me. "But they can feel it. Have you realized how when you look at a person, and sometimes feel a deep, inexplicable longing for them? And you marry them, and have little kids and you thank your stars because you felt that special feeling? It's because your future self let your present know what it was like to love that person in the future. That affection, those special moments gathered through the years, all help your present self make that decision. The ones who can't see it, call this gift intuition. It is just the power of a simple, poignant memory. They call certain situations deja vu, but it only happens because your future self has been in that place before. That familiarity is brought upon by your future selves." My head is spinning now. The world seems to be getting blurrier by the second. I barely hold myself together. "So if I can see the future, how do I know where to go from here?" I see a man who looks strikingly like me, speak up. "As people grow older, their futures grow clearer to them, and the past drifts further away. It happens to everyone, not just you. The only difference is that you can see better than most do. Use that gift. Listen to your past and always visualize the ideal future. As you grow older, you will see more clearly, feel more clearly and you will have more wisdom to draw from. But as long as you learn to keep your past and future firmly in your sights, I promise, you'll be okay in the present." r/whiteshadowthebook 