
"He's a monster!" the young knight stammered, his hazel eyes wide with disbelief. "A monster cannot.." "Cannot what?" I asked "Be good? Be benevolent? Rule justly?" His shiny breastplate glistened in the flickering torchlight of the mob that surrounded us. In the fading sunset, the murmur of the crowd hummed while the young knight's breathing quickened. "You've been bewitched! You, all of them!" the panic had set in and he searched the faces of the townsfolk for some inkling of truth behind his words. He found none. I hushed my many neighbours and stared up at the sky; red at night, shepherds delight. In a way, the Lord of our town was like a shepherd. He tended to the needs of us as he would do a flock of sheep, guided us towards prosperity and safety, and cared for us as though we were his children. In fact, we were the children's children's children of his first wards; we were latest in a generation of villagers to have called him our Lord. For a little while longer, our Lord would stay asleep until the last tendrils of the suns light had slipped away into the darkening horizon. "There is no spell I know of that's stronger than that of love." I began, half preaching to the young knight and half reassuring the townsfolk themselves. "A love grown from mutual respect, fondness and care. Our Lord is our Lord because we love him, and that spell was woven by him in our hearts for the many great and good deeds he has done for this village and it's people." The townsfolk all agreed and the sound seemed to snuff out the last light of hope in the young knight's heart. "Please," he begged. "Please just let me go.. I swear it, I shall never return to this place for as long as I live. I will give you my sword and swear the oath upon it." His adolescent frame was hunched and desperate, ropes knotted strongly holding his hands behind his back. His blonde hair dripped with the sweat of fear, and his head had begun to swing low as not to catch a single eye of those crowded around him. "Please, let me go." "Go? I am truly sorry, young knight." I reached below and gripped the golden pommel of his virgin sword. It felt cold in my palm, but solid. Well made with the interestingly molded shape of a closed fist, its ring finger adorned with the ring bearing the Cross of the Saviour. "You came here seeking a monster in our Lord, as so many have before you. My father's father once let a boy go and he returned emboldened by the strength of a small party of heroes. Those heroes, bearing the same Cross as your sword, did indeed die at the hands of our Lord. Regretfully, he did end them." I drew in a deep breath as I brought the blade upright, enough to see myself in its reflection. "But not before those men killed a handful of our villagers." The action was swift, the crowd fell silent. I drew the blade deftly across the young knight's throat, and no sound was heard that instant save for the spilling of fresh blood on the courtyard cobblestones and the gasps of a dying boy. Men stepped forward from the crowd to remove the body and bury it, like the many before him, in the crypts of the abandoned Church. The sword I returned to its owner, no man should see the afterlife unarmed. Others came with pails of water to wash away the blood that was pooling at my feet. I greeted the Lord with a bow and a warm smile, he returned it sleepily as he swung out from the coffin he lays to rest in. "And how was the day, my friend?" he asked. "Blissfully uneventful, my Lord." came the reply. "The young knight who followed you here the day before became convinced that this must be the least interesting village he has ever visited. He made his way West in the afternoon, speaking of a desire for adventure and monsters." "Monsters?" the Lord asked, a bemused grin on his face. "I wonder what his face would look like if he'd known a vampire ruled this sleepy town?" The young knight's face, from only moments earlier, flashed across my memory, his hazel eyes rolling back to the heavens and his mouth gaping like a fish out of water. "I'm not sure, my Lord." I said "I suspect he'd probably think we villagers were the monsters for choosing to live such safe and unexciting lives." 