
"G'day, I'm Steve Irwin. Today on 'Hell Hunters' we're searching for the rare and mysterious *Hellhound*," Steve said. He walked along the cracked fields of broken rock, stepping gently with his tan boots, threadbare cargo shorts and low-cut olive tee. He stopped abruptly at a ridge, then held a hand out towards the angelic camera crew, beckoning them forward. "Now, a lot of folks think that the hellhound is a big scary beast. That's all false. They're just a bit misunderstood," he said. He pointed towards a burning field, lowering his voice to a whisper. "That right there is a mother hellhound with her pups." The angelic camera crew shuffled forward on the bluff, zooming in for the best possible view. On the fields, the mother hellhound ran in circles. Seven balls of flaming floof ran after her. "When most people think hellhounds, they think--danger! Danger! Danger! But that's not true at all. In fact, these are some of the most intelligent creatures on the fiery plains!" He jumped down from the bluff. The angels started in protest, but they had learned long ago not to question Steve. Instead they shuffled their wings uneasily and watched the commotion. Steve moved forward. His footsteps clattered over the rocks, and the mother hellhound swiveled her head, staring him down intently. "Check this out. When I approach, the mother hellhound is going to raise her fiery hackles in defense"--the hellhound growled, flames spitting around her--"Right now she sees me as a threat to her pups, so this defensive technique is normal. What I'm gonna do is make myself small." He hunched over in the fetal position. The hellhound growled, but her tail began to wag. The pups huddled around their mother, then slowly started forward. "Aww now, there we go, easy now,"--he reached into his jacket pocket--"the pups just want to play, they haven't learned the difference between friend or foe. Now this is a critical moment." He pulled out a small chew toy. "Check this out! Now watch." He held out the bone. One cautious pup started forward and sniffed it. The mother hellhound moved forward, inches away from Steve, the bearer of death incarnate. Flames scored her pitch black fur, her fangs white with fury, hackles raised with spines of white fire. Then the mother bent down, snatched the bone from Steve's hands, and walked away. The pups followed her, but not before one of them climbed up to Steve and licked his face. "Now look at that. Ain't she a 'Beaut? A lot of people think that hellhounds are evil ugly monsters, but that's not true at all. You just saw it for yourself." He walked back towards the camera, and the angels set up a fantastic shot of him sitting on the bluff, overlooking the fields, with some really terrific lighting. Steve sobered for this portion of the show. "Now the terrible thing about these creatures is that, more and more they're being driven to the brink of extinction. With the cooling of the Sulphur pits, their natural habitat is being destroyed, and it's a shame that in my grandkid's lifetime we may never be able to see these magnificent creatures again," he said. He shuffled a bit, pointing out towards the fields where the hellhounds ran free. In the post-production room, Steve imagined they would do a slow zoom towards the happy hellhound family. The audience would watch them toss around the chew toy like it was the happiest moment of their lives. Maybe he could touch the hearts of a few lost souls and show all the amazing creatures from the depths of hell. For his eternity, that would be enough to turn any hell to heaven. &#x200B; *** r/BLT_WITH_RANCH 