
I was in school when it happened. It was just another cold day of winter like any other until a teacher came to our class to inform us we were instructed to go the gym immediately. We didn't know what the hell was going on, just that the president was going to give a speech about the... uh... weird circumstances Canadian airlines had been reporting, apparently all the flights to Canada had to be cancelled today for some reason. So we were instructed to go the gym where the broadcast was going to be shown to everyone. I remember every single word he said. "People of America, at 2:00 am Eastern Time, all communications with Canada ceased, at 4:00 am our satellite images shown complete darkness on all of the Canadian territory, and at 8:30 am the worst happened, our own territory of Alaska suddenly went silent. The last message we received from them was a request to secure the border and to protect the freedom that our beloved country is founded on. Be assured, we have already deployed the military and we have manage to secure the perimeter of our northern border. May God be with us." Looking back I can't believe how naive we were to believe that guns could do anything to those things, it's not like the Canadian government hadn't tried that. You see at first, after a couple weeks, when people started appearing in the Canadian side of the border the military thought it was a good sign, they were wrong and soon they learned their mistake. The people that appeared weren't human, they just looked like us, but you see that's just a disguise... it just happened to be one made from human skin. It was just a matter of a couple months for almost half of the US to fall. But then it just stopped and come summer there were no further sightings of those things... at least on North America. As you may know when is summer it the northern hemisphere it means it's winter in the southern one. And just as it had happened with Canada, Argentina from one day to another just went dark. It has already been 5 years since day zero. So how we solved the problem you may ask, we simply didn't, we just moved to warmer places. Right now I'm staying in a small City in southern Mexico. But even that didn't solve the problem, every year winter is getting colder and colder, it's just a matter of time for the whole world to be covered in snow, and when that happens I guess is going to be their turn to rule over this unholy world. Edit: grammar 