
"G'day! Today we'll be bushwackin' round the 'lysian Fields! Some of you may recognize the name from *Greek Mythology!* Keep your eyes peeled, because you never know what we may find out here...it could be the ghost of Hercules, or the spirit of Prometheus, or... "Crikey, would you take a look at this! This is a rare sight indeed. What we have here is a Cyclops! Like many creatures, the Cyclops is quite misunderstood. Few of 'em are given the chance to be heroes, but looks like our friend heah made the cut! Good on ya, mate! "The main way to tell a cyclops from anywhere else is to sneak up behind 'em and stick a finger in their bum! If they react at all, they're probably a Cyclops! "Of course, I'm kiddin' - a little gallows humor from beyond the grave. Nah, the Cyclops is recognized by the single eye plopped smack in the middle of 'is forehead! Not many know that Cyclops means 'circle eye' - cycle like bicycle! "Now, what I usually do with Cykes is I pull out my spell book of *white magic*. You can also get by with any kind of flame-enchanted blade - a flame saber, or a Scimitar of the Salamander People - typical kit you can get at any Afterlife Exploration store. "But I love the classics. So I've got my turtle shell heah, an' some sheep gut. This is sheep gut from the Chios sheep but really any breed'll do. We'll show you how to do this yourself later in the episode. And as I strum this melody...our friend heah's gonna go right ta sleep! "Now that 'e's down for a snooze, we can get a closer look. Wouldya look at some of these markings - blimey! These're from arrowheads, up heah, an' if I had ta guess I'd say they're from a fight with *Argonauts*. An' here's a spot where the poor fella's been done with a speah or two - ouch! "Ooo...I'm gonna very quickly activate my amulet now, which gives me an *Aura of Benificence*. And it's got nothin' ta do with our one-eyed friend here...and everything to do with the sudden *chillin' of my blood.* Which tells me that there's...ah, yup, I see 'im! I'll just step outta the way... "I hope you can see this at home - this spectral form with two glowin' eyes is known as a *wraith.* An' I have ta say, ya never want ta get too close to them - as they may *drain you of all happiness* and *consume your eternal soul.* Doesn't sound too pleasant, does it? "But I'm just going ta cast a quick *binding charm*, and then we'll get right up next to the fella. Ooo, look out! Looks like my charm wasn't completely effective - look at 'im go! But as I strengthen the ephemeral restraints, he'll slowly realize there's no escape. "Wraiths have a bad reputation from folks blunderin' into their habitat an' often disturbing the *site of their Earthly remains.* Nothin' 'll get these ghosties fired up more quickly then steppin' on their graves. They're nocturnal, though, sleepin' most of the day and comin' out ta go on walkabout at night. Best way to steer clear: avoid old cemeteries, 'specially after dark. "Now I'm gonna back away from 'im slowly, and release my magical hold. We'll let the ghostie float on back to 'is crypt, and that's that. "Speakin' o' which, it's 'bout time I head back ta *my* crypt. We'll have to save the lyre lesson 'til next time. For Ethereal Planet, I'm Steve Irwin, an' thanks for watchin' Afterlife Hunter!" * * * *Edit for formatting and because Steve forgot to tell the viewer how to make their own lyre.* 