
"What's going on?" The voice is raspy, painfully so. It sounds like the speaker hasn't used it in years. Belatedly, I realize it is my voice. After sound and voice comes sight, a sense which I welcome back with open arms. Er, open eyes. Now, that is. My eyelids almost feel *rusty*, in how slow they are to crack open, but they finally allow the light in nonetheless. When they finally become accustomed to the blinding light, I can see that I am in a room, unimaginably plain and with perfectly white walls. A man is leaning over me, face rugged but professional, and - is that a *robot* beside him? "Welcome back to the land of the living!" the man exclaims. "Was worried the treatment wouldn't work there, for a moment. Hah!" I flinch at his loud voice, which causes my ears to ring. Not quite what I'd expect. "Where am I?" In a more docile tone, he explains. "You've just woken up from a... three-hundred and forty-seven year coma, Mr. Alexander. Should I call you mister? I'm not quite sure what customs were like back then." "Three-hundred *years*?" "Well, back in your time, they would call it cryogenics, I suppose." He cracks a grin. "But coma became the new term when we cured every disease that one might need to enter cryogenic sleep to avoid. Well, except for yours. It took a while, but we finally figured it out!" The man looks at me expectantly, like I'm supposed to say something. "...Thanks?" "You're very welcome! Now, the world has changed quite a bit since you were last alive. Um, awake." A few adjustments are made to his white coat. "It all started when Earth became a complete utopia. Most humans decided that this was the best course of action; the ones that disagreed were taken care of." I gasp. "You killed them?!" The man looks affronted, and adjusts his coat once more. "No! Of course not. We took care of them. Made sure they were fed and given adequate housing on land that we could spare." "Oh." "Anyways, after that, everything went rather nicely. Governments found the best way to keep their citizens complacent -" "By drugging them through the water supply?!" "Er, no? Free healthcare, virtually nonexistent cost of living, and plenty of ways to exercise one's wants." "Oh." His coat is now nearly off his body. I wonder when he will notice. "Of course, a major part of the entire thing was creating robots that could do a vast majority of jobs." "They took over society and ruined the economy, causing a majority of humanity to live jobless?" "Well, no. As it turns out, most people are happy without jobs, when money is no longer a necessity. It leaves a lot of time for recreational activities. I'm only here because I particularly enjoy doing this, which is - of course - allowed." I frown. This isn't going like my highly accurate future predictions - I mean, science fiction novels - said it would. "Are you sure everything's going perfectly? There has to be something wrong." "Not at all! Everyone is exceedingly happy, and for no other reason than their needs being perfectly met. Now, if you will just sign this form, you'll be right on your way to a nice breakfast - we've prepared a healthy spread of eggs and bacon for you!" A small choking noise comes out of the back of my throat. "How *horrible!* I'm *vegan*, you monster!" more stories on r/forricide 