
Our existence turned out to be very young indeed. The other race had achieved galactic travel much sooner than we had. They had achieved what we could only dream of. Post-scarcity society. However, as time wore on their automated systems allowed them to become ever so more complacent. Their society began to focus on the arts rather than the sciences. Their knowledge of their own systems faded into obscurity. When contact was first made, we were fearful that they would seek to dominate us, but they simply needed our aid. Their ship was in dire need of repair. Their automated systems were failing or barely operable. They landed seeking nourishment and a breathable atmosphere. The first set of scientists and engineers were astounded at the level of technology, while the sociologists and biologists marveled at the new race before them. It took decades to determine how things aboard the vessel worked while the aliens adapted to life on our planet. While we began to build crafts of our own using our newfound knowledge, they acquired a taste for our food and music. Theirs was an impressive ship. Automated systems for everything, including repairs. The mechanical aspects seemed fine, but they weren't operational. One team of engineers was finally able to decrypt the programming routines of the vessel using it's own repaired quantum-string computers. Turns out even higher level civilizations run into integer overflow. The largest time interval counted was slightly over 23 yoctoseconds. At 128 bits, this meant that they had been a civilization for over 100 million years! They must have never had encountered any time issues in their history to consider and prepare for, or thought someone else in their future would fix the mistake. Slowly, but surely we did just that. We created AIs to assist in porting their machine code. The technology pulled from their craft aided us in our other endeavors and finally allowed us to achieve post-scarcity ourselves. We took to the stars in our new craft to seek out those that built it. Its navigation led us from ship-to-ship, colony-to-colony, but what we found was the same story as our initial encounter. The societies were always different, but the biology was very similar. This once great race was reduced to living in squalor due to a singular unfortunate oversight. We started to become known as the Tachnomen. They couldn't understand what we did to make their machines work again. We tried to explain it a couple times before we gave up and simply told them that we fixed their clocks. Word spread, and it wasn't long before we were worshiped as gods. They came to us in their ships, and sent message of their colonies. We continued to port their machines to our new operating system, in exchange for free reign and use of uninhabited systems. They grew tired of relying on us, and envied us for our mastery of the tech they once pioneered. They tried to attack us, but found their weapons neutralized by our "insurance" measures. We didn't have to fight back, once they tried to fire on us, their ships would automatically self destruct. It was only a matter of hours until their race was reduced to the handful of orbital stations and surface colonies. We attempted to reason with them, but they refused. They razed all their machines in case we had "cursed" them as we had their ships. Their numbers dwindled as famine, natural events, and war took hold over their now scarce resources. Today, there stands only one outpost left. Their last remaining testament to their civilization. There are times I think back to them. I wonder how they came to be, and if perhaps now they are happy once more. I also contemplate our future, if one day we will succumb to the same trap of complacency they did. I can only hope that their existence will serve as a cautionary tale to our descendants. Lest we become owner of all, and master of none. EDIT: typo fix. 