
"The government must fall!" Katy shouted, loud and clear. Of course, nobody was listening, but still, she shouted. Ever since she turned 15, around four years ago, Katylin developed a hatred for the "corrupt" government. The way they build soldiers for a war, and take money from poor people. The way they force having green energy, though it reduces jobs for the people. The way they make you pay an extra 8% for everything, just because they *have to* use our money. "Ugh, can't they just use the rich people's money?" she'd say. But, I digress. Armed with nothing but her lucky bow and a single arrow (seriously, a single arrow), Katy plans to overthrow the government and eventually turn the nation into a communist republic. I don't even know why she has a bow. It's not like it'll do anything significant, other than give someone a small wound. She doesn't even have bow training! And really, could she not build arrows out of a stick, pidgeon feather, sharp pebble, and some duct tape? I mean, that's the simplest thing to build. It's not like she has to smith a sword from scratch, which, even though she can't smith to save her life, would still be more effective than a bow and arrow. Sorry, I go on tangents sometimes. It's just hard being her *only* friend, and having to help her overthrow the (perfectly good) government is annoying. I go to college from Monday thru Friday, and I have a shit-load of homework over the weekend. I don't have the time to help her "ooh overthrow the government ooh". The only thing I *can* provide is smithing services, and she already broke the two steel swords I supplied her with. Not only did they take weeks to smith, she said they "just fell apart". Baloney! Those swords were my finest work! Even Smithmaster McDuff from my smithing class said I had the finest blades he'd ever seen! Also, the reason she doesn't use a gun, which are legal to carry openly, provided you have a permit, is because they're "not intimidating enough, duh!" Really? Not as intimidating as a bow and *single arrow*? Ooh, I'm trembling in my tiny sneakers, Katy. Anyways, here's the "valiant tale of our brave hero" she's forcing me to write. Just know that I'm exaggarating every detail, okay? Now, then: *Our tale begins with Katylin Edwards, age 19. As a teenager, she had grown to despise the awful, corrupt system. The slimy presidents with their filthy lies, and the treasury that just takes money from innocent people! They go to war with other nations, build armies to fight, and then... they try to make peace, as if it never happened.* *Fed up with this system, Katy took action. She armed herself with her lucky bow and arrow, smithed by her closest friend, and left her home to start the revolution. You see, Katy loved the martial charm of ancient weapons. A gun would simply not suit her, no matter how powerful. And, she only took one arrow, a symbol of her... uh...* *Katy took to the streets, gaining loyal followers to her cause. Everyone resented the corrupt system with which they had to deal. She captured their hearts, and their minds, building a small army.* *At dawn of an unknown day, they struck the White House. The battle between the people, and the system, lasted six days and six nights. But, just before midnight, Katy pulled a trick-shot with her single arrow, hitting the president in the heart. A perfect shot from such a perfect leader.* *She took the nation by storm, quickly making her the most loved president in history. Katylin Edwards, we salute you.* Of course, she's actually going to become a shit leader who just spends all day bragging about how good she is, but that's between you and I. ***** *Creative criticism appreciated. If you liked this story, check out /r/Picklestasteg00d.* 