
"Hello, I'm Marie, I'll be your nurse," she said pulling up the rolling stool and sitting down. "So, why are you here today?" "I've been feeling tired, and dizzy a lot," I said. "Could you roll back your sleeve for me?" Marie asked. She was pale, really pale, but it was more like marble than skin. I rolled back my sleeve, and she rubbed my wrist with some kind of wet wipe. Pulling my wrist up to her nose, she took a deep breath. "Hmm," she said, reached over and checked off a box on a check list. "Hmm?" I asked. "Well," she said, "let me check something else. Now don't worry, I'm going to get very close to your neck. It's part of the procedure." As she got close to my face my heart started to beat fast, like some ancient instinct was kicking in. "I bet some people take this the wrong way," I said. She took a sharp deep breath. "Sometimes, that's why I've learned to announce what I'm doing," she said, and sat back on her rolling stool. "So," I said, trying to get my heart to slow down, "what were you sniffing for?" "The vampire olfactory senses are much more attuned than a humans," she said. "I was checking for tell-tale signs of diseases or infections." "Did you find anything?" I asked. From the drawer she pulled out a small device, about the size of a computer mouse. She held it to my thumb. "You're going to feel a pinch." And I did. A small drop of blood appeared on my thumb, like a diabetes test. Marie used a small dropper to suck it up. She then dropped it onto her tongue. I fought the urge to gag. She clicked her tongue a couple times, then grimaced and check off a few more boxes. These creatures used to hunt us, kill us, eat us. Now it's sitting here tasting my blood. This must be like a wine tasting to it. I shuttered. "Mr. Moore," it said, "I'm sorry to tell you, but I've found traces of pancreatic cancer. It seems to be in the early stages, so we should be able to give you chemo. Or we could seek an experimental treatment involving werewolf blood transfusion." I stared at it, it's face passive. "Um," I stammered, "can I speak to my doctor?" "Certainly," it said standing up, "your doctor can confirm my results with any test you wish. Have a good day Mr. Moore." 