
With a jolt, my senses return to me. Which one is it now? 298? 299? I would have lost count, were it not for the tattoo etched into my skin, just on my left wrist, reminding me how many I'd used. I can feel the slight prickling sensation as the number changes. That's always the first thing I feel. Then, the rest. Pain racks my body, but it fades, replaced with a sweet euphoria I could never get enough of. I reach up, grasping the handle of the blade sunk into my gut, sliding it free. I don't feel a thing as the tip withdraws from my body, suspended over the open wound. The hole in my stomach, once oozing and wet with blood, begins to seal up, almost like magic. The blood doesn't disappear, but my skin just goes back to how it was: smooth and immaculate. The genie had really messed up when I made that wish. Immortality, I'd said, but my voice had choked in between. I'd hesitated on a syllable, the wrong one. The genie, in his all-encompassing knowledge, had been impressed at my mastery of Latin. Before I could get an explanation, the wish was done, and he was gone. It wasn't until Death #12 that I realised what had happened. The first 11 before that had be, unsurprisingly, horrifying experiences. Despite being able to return to my body and have it mend before my eyes, the pain was still there. Once I was sure I wasn't high or on drugs, I had done some research. Not immortality, for sure, but *im mortality*, roughly translated to '999 lives'. Initially, I felt elation. Then, a surge of impulse. I sat forwards behind the veil of a black curtain and cast the sword aside, letting it clatter to the floor in view of a gleaming spotlight. I heard the hushed gasp of the audience, and my lips curled into a smile. Sliding off the table, I adjusted myself, careful to be sure the blood was evident, and gestured to my assistant to drop the veil. The crowd saw me and cheered. Confetti rained from the ceiling, and I bowed, holding my arms wide and soaking in their admiration. I had done it yet again. The impossible. Magic that defied belief. If only they knew. It wasn't enough to be reckless; anyone could abseil without a rope or go sky diving without a parachute. No, I need *more*, I needed fame and glory. That had been my initial plan-- live forever, be forever adored, forever rich, forever *everything*. Now, my time was limited, to a degree. Sure, I could still live thousands of years, but I could also die, just like any human. Only, I'd return at the end of it, just for one more go. I cast my gaze to the critics in the audience, catching their stunned faces. I was sure, this time, that I'd done something no-one else could top. I'd be immortalised in the magic business for all time. I bowed again, and couldn't stop myself from grinning. Another show was due tomorrow. And another. Then another. What's the price of a few lives for many potential years of luxury? My skin tingled and I cast my gaze towards my wrist. Number 300. So *that's* what it was. &nbsp; (Hope this is good! First time posting this sort of thing. Sorry about the typos.) (Didn't expect this to be as big as it got. Thanks for all the kind words!) 