
"Princess, I understand you're upset but..." Began our Hero, shifting uncomfortably back and forth. "No, NO, I will not hear it, it is stated in the prophesy and that is the end of it." Replied the princess, pacing to and fro, marking the imaginary chalkboard that engulfed her mind. "I will make the arrangements and the wedding will be at the spring equinox, as has been foretold in the-" "Princess, I love Hilna!" Said our Hero, slamming his boot heel to the cobblestone floor. The princess paused her frantic pacing to regard his outburst. She then continued on unperturbed mumbling plans to herself and occasionally barking orders at her attendants. "Princess, I know this is hard to understand. I admit there were times along our adventure where my emotions got the better of me and some of my actions may have been, eh, misconstrued. The simple truth is that I don't see you like that." Offered our Hero sympathetically. The Princess halted in her tracks and locked eyes with our hero. She slithered towards him and constricted her face. "Listen you rat," she hissed, "I don't give two goblin teeth who you do or do not love. For the past month I have been held prisoner in a dark kings dungeon. Speaking generally, that causes the population to lose faith in their ruler being able to protect them. Which leads to rebellions. Are you seeing my issue here, *hero*? I need to look strong and stable. And what better way to do that than to marry up with the man who slaughtered the evil king?" She finished cheerily. Our Hero strained his neck backwards, away from the Princess. He coughed slightly and began to back towards the door. Two guards quickly locked halberds across the oaken door sealing him with his self appointed lover. "Princess, I advise you reconsider. The people love you, the inhabitants are happy." Our hero tried vainly to placate the witch. "Yes, yes the rubes in the fields will follow whatever half-baked theology I get men in white robes to spew at them. Speaking of, they will be the ones to arrange out matrimony ceremony. Some babble about light and forces." "Princess, I beg you! I did not emancipate you to be promptly thrust into the very nightmare I have just liberated you from!" Sputtered our Hero, watching the guards slowly encroach upon him. "Do you truly believe that was the last enemy that will attempt to intrude upon my kingdom? Nay, my enemies are numerous and eclectic. They see weakness miles away. They wait, perched upon my parapets, concealed within my courts. You shall be my protection from that, or rather the idea of you will. Mighty hero willing to make the ultimate sacrifice to save his queen, all foretold in prophecy. No one would be foolish enough to stop me." She finished proudly, staring at her prisoner through a row of armed guards. "You've gone mad!" Said our hero, crashing against the guards barring his way. Their numbers proved too many and our hero could not prevent his own capture. Subdued, our hero was brought in shackles to face the princess. The princess clucked her tongue and wagged her finger. "Throw him in the keep for a week. That will show the brute manners." _________ "Hilna, where are you going dear?" "I don't know Grandma. I had a bad dream and I think my Hero needs me." "Very well my child, but take this." She said handing Hilna a small sword wrapped in rose silk. "It will let you decide your fate." Hilna's jaw was clenched and the fires of passion burned through her eyes. She nodded once and went into the tempestuous night. 