
It never seemed fair, the Stigma. Just by taking a quick look at the whites of someone's eyes, or stealing a glance at an exposed wrist, you could see the grand total of their sins running through their veins. Humans are laid bare by it, the evils committed behind closed doors and in quiet, dark places made all too clear in the blush of their cheeks. And once it took hold, the shadow on one's blood could never, ever be removed. When the needle slipped and I pricked myself, I felt a wretched shudder of nausea, seeing the oily, tar-like substance welling at my fingertip. Checking your Stigma, much like a weigh-in after cheating on your diet, is the kind of reality check that fills you with dread. Facing judgement, even your own judgement, is unpleasant. Putting it off, telling yourself you'll take a color test tomorrow and putting on some concealing makeup for now, is a great relief that only breeds greater dread, until you can't bear to go through with the test. I quickly concealed my finger, of course, and lapped up the black ooze that issued from my cut. But the questions swirling through my head demanded attention, demanded *answers*. I had lived my entire life with the Stigma in mind, always courteous and generous, never associating with the black-blooded, making sure I would never learn wickedness by mistake. A tear settled on my nose, and when it dropped to the floor that I now sat, collapsed, upon, I saw that the liquid was grey, stained by the sin that flowed through by body. What had I done? What great crime of mine was worthy of such punishment? With this horrible a stain, my blood would get me thrown out of any fine establishment. Soon people would start to notice, and I'd be laid off from my job (due to the economy these days, of course), my landlady would evict me on the basis I had poor moral values, and someone with fairer blood would take my place. With blood this dark, no job that could sustain my lifestyle would take me, and I'd have to live in a blackblood ghetto. Surely, I wasn't that terrible a person to deserve these blackened veins. Removing my contacts, I stared into the mirror at the tangle of repulsive, sickening darkness at the edges of my eyes. I hadn't committed any acts of evil, or lived with cruelty in my heart. I was sure of it! I didn't deserve this fate, to live with murderous, thieving dark-bloods! It wasn't fair! 