
I sighed and stuffed another empty into the bag. I had no idea how they managed it, but the guys always made a hell of a mess when they came over to watch the game. It had actually gotten a bit better when Bill met his soulmate and there'd been a woman around. Of course, the rest of the guys had gotten over that in a month and then it was right back to slob-central. "Man, just do it tomorrow," Brandon groaned from where he was sprawled across the sofa. "How can you be cleaning right now?" Ignoring him, I scooped up another can. Brandon was completely hammered. The only way I was getting him off that sofa was if it caught on fire, and even then, he'd probably just flop across the floor far enough that he wasn't in the way when I took care of it. He had one arm draped across his eyes, but he moved it enough to give me a glare when the empty clinked against the ones already in the bag. "My mom's coming over early," I told him. "Probably going to lecture me about getting out more." "You'll never find your soulmate if all you do is work and drink," Brandon said, his voice pitched high in imitation of my mother's. I chucked the empty in my hand at his head, suddenly annoyed. "Ow!" he yelped. "I get it enough from her," I snapped. "I don't need it from you too. Besides, it's not like you've found yours either." "Yeah, but I'm out there looking at least. When's the last time you had your mark scanned for a match?" Never. But I wasn't going to tell him that. My mark wasn't real. I'd been drawing it on with a black sharpie after every shower for over a decade, as soon as it became obvious that a real one wasn't ever going to come in. I swept the empties on the coffee table off with my arm, then stooped down to reach for one that had missed the bag. "Fine, man," Brandon said, sitting up. "It's fine. I get it. John's married now. Fuck me if I know what he sees in that woman. If they didn't have matching marks, I don't think he'd have ever said two words to her. And Bill is now too. And Rich. And every one of them at least three years younger than us." I didn't want to have this conversation. I didn't bring it up, and after years of looking and not finding someone, Brandon rarely did either. He sighed and climbed to his feet, still so drunk that he swayed back and forth for a few seconds, his eyes unfocused. Then he shook his head and grabbed the plates I'd stacked up and the empty styrofoam box left over from the Chinese I'd had for lunch and used to hold all our dirty silverware from the party. "What are you doing?" I asked. "Helping you clean, jackass," he said. "You get enough crap from your mom without giving her this to complain about too." He wobbled his way to the kitchen and I heard the sound of water running in the sink while I finished picking up the empties. With a sigh, I realized I was absently scratching at the sharpie mark I'd drawn on my wrist. It was looking a little faded around the edges. I'd have to touch it up before Mom showed, but Brandon was too smashed to notice. "Hey, can you bring in those wine glasses Julie and Heather had?" Brandon called from the kitchen. "Sure." I scooped the glasses up in one hand and the bag in the other. It would go out into my trunk, where my mother would never see it and thus not lecture me on the vices of alcohol. I set the glasses down on the counter and, without looking, Brandon reached out to pick one up. If he hadn't held it from the bottom, with his palm toward the ceiling, I wouldn't have noticed. If he hadn't had his arms submerged in soapy dish water, it probably wouldn't have happened in the first place. But he did both of those things. The bag of empties hit the floor with a loud clank. I lunged forward and grabbed Brandon's arm. "What the hell, Sam?" he yelled as I twisted it to look at his wrist. I brushed the suds away, just to be sure I was seeing what I thought I was. Brandon's eyes went wide and he looked down at his wrist, caught in my grip. "Oh, shit," he whispered. "Look, I can explain." The mark on his arm was running, cheap ink being washed away in water. I shoved his arm back into the sink and scrubbed it, then pulled it back out. There was nothing but blank skin beneath it. "I don't have a mark," he admitted, his voice cracking. "I've been drawing it in for years. But the only thing I could find was a dry-erase marker today. You can't tell anyone, Sam. No one." I pushed him to one side and grabbed a bottle of rubbing alcohol from under the sink. Without speaking, I uncapped it and poured it over the sharpie I'd drawn onto my own wrist, then rubbed the alcohol in. Just like his mark, mine started to run down my arm. "Holy shit," he said, locking eyes with me. "What does it mean?" "I don't know," I said. Neither of us was marked. Neither of us would ever find a wife. What other kind of pairing could there be? 