
"What... the... fuck," John whispered as he inspected a shady man waiting for a coffee to be finished by the machine. Not handling it well, he finally stood up and walked towards the boss's office. Just as he was about to knock on his office door, Mike left the room. "John, what's up?" Mike asked as he closed the door. "Nice April prank," John said, doing his fake laugh. "I don't know how they move-" he then shut his mouth, noticing the confusion on his boss' face. "Oh come on, I noticed that moment the new guy entered the room!" Mike shook his head. "What are you talking about?" "Otters? That new guy is just clothing full of otters!" Mike then started to laugh. "Oh, so you're trying to prank me instead? I see," he shook his head again and just walked away. As he passed the otterman, he raised his hand and gave him a quick shoulder clap. John was enraged. He walked towards otterman, frowning. As he reached him, he turned towards the main office room. "Okay, everyone. I'm not gonna fall for this prank, okay? This is the stupidest prank I have seen... like ever!" The whole office was staring at him, including the boss who now stopped clothing himself. Even otterman looked at him, head a bit tilted. John took hold of the otterman's trenchcoat and pulled it away. Everyone gasped. Otterman took few steps back and tried to hide away his certain areas. "See? I'm not crazy!" Mike quickly walked to John, took the trenchcoat and gave it back to otterman. Otterman clothed himself quickly, while all the otters were crying a bit. "You're fired!" John's boss said. As he said that, the boss skin started to shatter a bit, revealing scales. Then a snake's tongue started to slip out once in a while. "Get out!" he shouted. John walked away towards the exit, looking around the office. The office was full of different animals. Dogs, cats, rats and even a few sloths. Funnily enough, they actually were the slowest workers in the office. He quickly entered an elevator and pressed the close button over and over again. His heart was beating fast. He was panicking. He finally turned around and looked in the mirror. Every elevator has a mirror, after all. But it wasn't his typical face that looked back. Instead, there was a fox staring back at him. John screamed and took a step back, hitting the elevator door with his back. He quickly touched his face, feeling the fur everywhere. As John tried to figure all of this out, he finally started to realise something. "Damn, I see. I'm too smart. I can see the truth! I can see who they really are!" As the elevator doors opened, he saw one huge hippo and gorilla waiting there, in police uniform. John frowned. "Shit," he whispered. ---- /r/ElvenWrites ( For more stories! ) 