
A chill washed over Sal and he wiggled his eyes to focus them. He recognized the room around him but couldn't remember why. He was too scared to move. The last time he moved he'd pulled out his catheter and pissed blood all over his bed. This wasn't the hospital, though. A faint tickle of familiarity came from the ceiling fan, and from the crown molding running along the ceiling. Some ancient instinct told him that if he looked to his left there would be a bookcase. He tilted his head to the left. Bookcase. *Where am I?* He thought to himself. &#x200B; "Sal? Are you awake yet? Your dinner's gonna get cold!" A woman's voice called from another room. His stomach churned and a cold sweat broke out on his shoulders. *That was my mother's voice.* He thought. *But she's been dead for more than fifty years*. He needed to move. He raised his hands to his face. They were small, and smooth. They weren't the wrinkly old hands he'd worked nearly a century earning. These were a child's hands. Carefully, Sal used his arms to raise himself into a sitting position. He was in the front room of his childhood home. He'd played and napped in this room all the time as a child. He'd taken a graduation photo in front of that door there. He'd sat on this couch and pet their German Shepard on visits home from college. He'd mourned his father's death when he was only twenty-six in this room. He'd packed this room up and cleaned it out after his mother had died when he was only twenty-nine. He hadn't seen this room in nearly sixty-years. *What the hell?* Across the room was a mirror. Sal looked at himself. He was a foot shorter than he would eventually be, with shaggier hair and glasses that he hadn't needed in decades since getting Lasik. He was a child. &#x200B; "Sal? Come on Sal! Your mother asked you to come to the table." His dad's stern voice called. Nervously, Sal stood up. His legs felt springy and light. He did a few squats with no effort at all. *Is this a second chance?* He thought to himself. He thought back on the life he'd lived. He'd left home as soon as possible to pursue a career in another city. He'd worked his ass off constantly to make a name for himself, so much so that he had barely spent any time with his parents after high school. Later, when he had a family of his own, he worked sixteen hour days, often six or seven days a week, in order to keep his career afloat and feed his children. They'd barely known him and when they left for college, they were gone. They were there with him at the end, more out of a sense of obligation than a familial love. &#x200B; "I-- I'll be right there!" He called to his parents. The high pitch of his voice surprised him and he stumbled through the words. *This is a chance to do it right*, he thought to himself. *This time I won't make the same mistakes as before. Plus... I know what's gonna happen.* He thought about the stock market, and events he knew would come. It was the mid-nineties. He could buy stock in Amazon. He could buy Bitcoin. He thought about running upstairs to the computer room now to start. If he started now he'd never have to work a day in his life. His parents would be able to afford the best medical care in the world. He started up the steps. &#x200B; "Sal please! Please come have dinner with us!" His mom's voice called again, frustration ringing in it. Sal stopped on the steps. *No. No, that can wait.* Sal had been given the greatest gift of all. The gift of time. He swallowed his nerves and his fear, and wiped away some tears. Sal finally walked in to have dinner with his parents. 