
"OK Gralgog, I've been out of the loop and you need to bring me up to speed. The Qualing beasts of Alpha Centuri took a little more time to convince than anticipated, but," said Horbalfang triumphantly, as he rocked his seven butt cheeks down into the leather gravity-cavity, "I'm pleased to announce that they are now part of the Greater Omniverse Doctrine!" Gralgog nodded, then bit his lower lip. Then his even lower lip. "What is it, Gralgog?" "Nothing, sir. Its just... It's just that things with the humans have become... a little complicated, sir." "But they were in the final unification stage when I left. Did your Ambassador fail to convince them to join G.O.D?" Horbalfang took a sip of his tangy arsenic and lemon tea, and blissfully closed his eyes. "Ah. There's no one in Alpha Centuri who can brew tea like you, Gralgog." Gralgog's pours opened, releasing a stinky sweet smell into the room. "The ambassador..." "Yes?" "Is..." Horbalfang sighed. "Yes?" "Dead." The mouthful of tea that was being swilled like a whirlpool around Horbalfang's mouth, was promptly spewed out about the debriefing room. "Dead?" he finally asked, as his tea dripped down the walls. "Yes, sir," replied Gralgog, tugging at the skin around his neck. "Jesus Christ." "Yes. That's him, sir. He was crucified." Horbalfang shook his head. "Such a waste. He was a great Ambassador... How damned unorthodox of the humans - perhaps we were wrong about them. I suppose you left them well enough alone, after that?" "No sir. I didn't give up. A Pleeblox is never deterred!" "I see. So you convinced them to join, in the end?" "Ah, well you see sir..." Horbalfang sighed. "What happened?" "Well, I erm, I tried to help them. They had issues, you see. Simple things to fix, really. Differences of opinion over skin color, for example. Or belief in birthright or heritage. And they became particularly violent with regards to religion. Soo," the purple alien ran a hand through his thinning nose fur, "I sent down a few more of our ambassadors. " "...and?" "And, the humans killed them, sir. All of them." Another mouth opened, and another wave of tea crashed against the wall. "How many did you send?" "About a hundred, sir. Most were called heretics and burned alive. Some shot. Others simply gave up, and took their own lives." "*Gave up and killed themselves?*" "Yes, sir. They did, but I didn't!" Horbalfang groaned. "Perhaps you should have." "I am a Pleeblox, sir. I'm proud to say we never give up." "I wasn't referring to giving up. So... what happened next?'" "Ah. Well here's where I made my first mistake." "First..." "Yes, sir. I sent in the mad ambassador." Horbalfang's third and final mouth spat tea onto the leather gravity-cavity; it hung suspended in droplets. "*Glibglog and Tukenfrock!* he cursed, "Why would you do that?" "Because... we needed to unite the people of Earth. And Ambassador Hitler might be crude in his methods, but he gets the job done." "And... did he?" Gralgog shook his head. "Not quite. In fact... he's dead, sir. Took a good chunk of humanity with him, too." "... he's dead?" "Yes, sir. Sorry, sir." "Don't be. That's the only good that's come out of this entire debacle. What about humanity? I take it that was the beginning of the end for them." "Actually, it wasn't sir. They're rather resilient. Much like the cockroach queens of Pluto four." "Well then, at least we didn't cause a mass extinction." "Ah. Well..." "*Oh Scooplore and Budgeonbell* - what do you mean 'well'?" "That's where I made my second mistake." "... you didn't." "Yes, sir." "*Not Ambassador Trump,*" pleaded Horbalfang, running a tusked hand slowly down his face. "How's he going to enlighten them? You know his stance on the universe's heat death, even in the face of all the evidence." "I was running low on Ambassadors." "Well," Horbalfang considered, "I guess that really is the end of humanity." "It's certianly looking that way, sir, but you never know. Another Tea, sir?" Horbalfang nodded, although right then, he'd rather have drunk poison. There was going to be a *lot* of paperwork to fill in tonight. 