
William Kyle ran down the dimly lit street, weaving between strangers who were out on the footpath undertaking their nightly ritual. His bracelet beeped, warning him that he had 20 minutes before he would be deemed to have committed willful cognitive suicide. A decade ago the world's population was decimated by an inexplicable phenomenon that caused mass memory loss. It was sheer luck that someone quickly figured out the strangest of antidotes; looking into the night sky for 10 minutes each night. But for vast swaths of the human population it was too late and the world rapidly descended into a mini dark age that historians have already started describing as worse than the most depressing post-apocalyptic fiction. It took four years before civil society started to recover. When world governments finally managed to regain some semblance of order, the first thing they agreed was a universal law to keep society from falling apart again. The law commanded that all humans shall undertake 10 minutes of sustained visual attention on the night sky every 24 hours. Any person who fails to comply would be found to have committed willful cognitive suicide and be treated severely. The consequences weren't just felt by the victim, who became helpless and often dangerous, but also their family. And to ensure no family member could claim they hadn't been warned, everyone was required to wear a permanent bracelet for monitoring. Since then, society had become much more controlled. People weren't able to drink to intoxication, take inebriating drugs, or spend 24 hours obsessing over a single thought. Many people who had lived through it all claimed life was better now, but some remembered things differently. William Kyle was one of them. He was a researcher and for years he had been grappling with a thesis that he was sure would change the world for the better. But there were great dangers associated with his work so he kept it very quiet. A single workbook hidden in a safe at his home office held all his most important findings. There were a few others like him and they communicated in code using pseudonyms. From those communications William knew he was the closest to uncovering the truth, but for weeks he was stumped on one last question. All that changed today when he received a communication from someone who told him he would find what he was looking for in Safety Deposit Box 1313 at the Central Train Station. William was almost out of breath and holding in a biting pain in his chest when he saw the lights from the station up ahead. He slowed, knowing he needed to catch his breath before entering the busy thoroughfare. He arrived at the bustling station a few minutes later. Loud speakers announced the next departure and he scanned the atrium for the boxes. His bracelet beeped again, 12 minutes. He had to act fast. He spotted the corridor. It took him a few moments scanning through the hundreds of red boxes before he spotted Box 1313 and entered the code. The box popped open and he pulled out a crinkled letter with a date stamp that matched the year of the outbreak. He took a deep breath, knowing this moment could change the world. For half a decade humans had been shackled to the sky, bound by the nightly ritual. But he was close to discovering why and figuring out how to cast everyone free. By now he'd figured out it wasn't natural. Humans hadn't suddenly started needing some reverse vitamin d. In fact, William theorised that the night sky had nothing to do with it. He would argue that it was merely the position of the neck for a period of 10 minutes that mattered. Tomorrow he would stand inside a room, in front of the world's media, and demonstrate part of his theory for the first time. And with this latest piece of information, he would also have proof as to the cause of it all. His bracelet beeped, 10 minutes. Times up. He stared at the familiar logo on the letterhead for a moment longer then jerked his head up and stared intently at the ceiling of the train station, hoping he had made it in time and praying that his theory was right. He maintained his focus for what seemed like an eternity, not blinking once. Then his bracelet beeped a final time. The 10 minutes was over. He looked down at the piece of paper he was holding and unfurled it. He read the words carefully, then read them again. He knew they were significant but he couldn't put his finger on why. He read one paragraph in particular, over and over, *Project Warewolf will commence at 1:13pm. All agents are in place and ready to ensure valuable candidates are retained.* He kept reading, totally confused by the words in front of him. Then he looked around and wondered where he was. Why was he here? Why was he holding this piece of paper? All he could remember was how important it was that he retrieve it from a safety deposit box. He remembered the pain of running for this piece of paper and looked down at it again. A voice yelled at him from behind, "don't move!" He instinctively turned his head to see a police officer pointing a gun at him, "William Kyle, you're under arrest for willful cognitive suicide. Put your hands in the air." 