
"Red pandas," I said without hesitation. "I want to be the god of Red pandas." I wouldn't have thought that you could stump an actual god, but sure enough, here we are. Me looking into the face of a god that clearly thinks I'm a complete idiot. To be fair, I would have to guess that we're all pretty stupid compared to gods. Maybe I'm a little more so. Maybe I give 110%. So sue me. Red pandas are awesome and if you disagree you are objectively wrong. "What exactly do you think you'll do as the god of Red pandas, mortal?" the god asked incredulously. "Well, I'll be in charge of Red panda heaven, obviously. So I'll get to hang out with all the Red pandas that cross the rainbow bridge. Oh, wait. Do Red pandas cross the rainbow bridge? I mean, I guess they'd just use the red part, right? Cause they're Red pandas, you know?" "PLEASE STOP SAYING RED PANDA" the god yelled in my face. It collected itself rather quickly, but I'm not gonna lie, I peed a little. Gods yelling at you are actually pretty scary. I tried to check out the damage all sneaky-like but then remembered I was dead. So either I wasn't really there and couldn't pee, or I was and already did, cause you do when you die. And this god killed me a few minutes ago. No hard feelings, of course. I probably kill all kinds of things when I mow the lawn. Ma yells at me to stop drinking beer while riding the mower but that don't even make sense. Mowin's thirsty work. And how are we more important to a god than whatever little things are running around in my lawn when I'm mowin'? Anyway, I got stepped on or fallen upon or something and died, Bam! Just like that. Like Bam! Dead. Didn't even feel a thing. As deaths go, that's way better than Cousin Skeeter who fell into a wasp nest when he was running around on fire. That mighta been the worst reunion I've been to yet. So, anyway, I died, and this god felt bad about it and told me I could be the god of something. My choice. So obviously I chose Red pandas. Hell, if I'm the god of Red pandas I might even have a chance with Anna Kendrick. She's mighty fine and apparently loves them little shits almost as much as I do. "So you intend to be the keeper of the souls of departed Red pandas? Do you understand that you will have other responsibilities as well, mortal? When a god takes upon a new responsibility, the Universe steps back and rarely interferes. There was a god of Dodo birds once. Now there are no Dodo birds. Do you understand that if you neglect your charge, you will directly lead to the extinction of the species?" Well that was sobering news. I oversleep a little bit and Bam! Just like that, no more Red pandas? Just, Bam! and gone? That dog don't hunt. Wait a minute. "Would I have to help all them Red pandas get freaky with each other? Because that might be a little too weird for me." Ever see a god sigh? I have. "No, you would not. You cannot take agency or will from living creatures. They will carry on about their lives as they see fit. You will, however, have the responsibility of seeing that they endure what changes the world brings. You will be able to influence their numbers to a small degree, but more importantly you will able to tend to their spiritual well-being. Animals do indeed have spirits, and if you tend to them they will grow even happier and more lovely. The god of dogs is perhaps the most active of the new gods, and you can certainly see the powerful effect they've had on their charges. You can have that effect. There are councils of gods, and you can be the representative for your wards. Is this truly what you wish? If you choose to become a god of something inanimate, you can have power without responsibility. Many of us would trade for that, if we were able to be given the option." Hell naw. I'm gonna be the best god those Red pandas ever had. We're gonna have so many little Red panda cubs that everyone who wants one can have one. And I'll take each and every one of them home when they're done on earth. I guarantee you they'll have good lives, and happy endings. "I just got one question. I don't want to change my wish, but I gotta know. Is there a god of beer? Can I meet 'em?" 