
"Well, you know what they say... there's no *accounting* for taste!" The beautiful woman sitting across from me burst out into hysterical, knee slapping laughter the moment I finished speaking. I sat there extremely confused. I'd told that joke about a dozen times a week for the past 5 years, it's one of the few in the arsenal of a mostly humorless accountant like myself, and no one ever *ever* laughed. Don't know if I'd even seen a smile cracked. And she's *still laughing*. What the actual hell? "So Jennifer, what do you do? Your dating profile didn't really say. It just said 'artist', which is cool! I'm so into... lots of types of art, many-- uh, many of the art," I lied poorly. "Oh I'm a photographer! I do landscapes, portraits, action scenes... nudes... of myself... for potential partners..." I coughed awkwardly as I literally spit up my drink, "Oh, oh I see, that's uh.. neat... really neat in fact. Super neato, I think." She laughed and smiled again, "I'm messing with you! I'm not that kind of girl!" "No, no no of course not, I never thought-- You know, the human body... is wonderful... but... should be covered in all photography? I think... unless it's for art museums! Or the woman wants to for a guy! Her choice you know? Women's... women's... I believe in feminism and woman's total final complete decision on nudeness," I sputtered, trying and failing desperately to recalibrate and keep up with her random changes in demeanor. "But we could go back to my place..." she whispered, her tone shifting abruptly back to sultry. I had every suspicion she was still messing with me or setting up some incredibly elaborate catfishing scam, but I was in no position to turn her down. "O-okay..." I offered weakly. I considered the bizarre nature of my situation as we walked back toward her apartment, her arm wrapped around my waist and hand firmly planted on my buttock. This was *very* odd for me, unheard of actually. To be totally honest, my buttock had gone unhandled for years now... You see, I have a somewhat unusual problem. I'm a moderate, and I don't mean politically. I'm moderately *everything.* Moderately handsome, moderately wealthy, moderately intelligent, moderately decent in bed... just a whole big ol' bowl of bland. This made me basically radioactive to most women I met. I genuinely don't blame them. They tended to fall for guys on one end of the excitement spectrum or the other. Either they were thrilled to meet the sweet, kind, smart, super talented guy of their dreams, or excited by the bad boy who's life was a mess and needed 'fixing'. Either provided some form of a 'spark', I on the other hand, was admittedly missing a few fuses. As I finished psychoanalyzing myself I realized we'd arrived at her apartment. *Stop acting like a tool and go with the flow for once in your life*, I told myself as she opened the door and ushered me in. Speaking of flow, I realized I had to pee incredibly badly at the worst possible moment, "Can I use your bathroom? Or, 'restroom' if you don't have a bath! Not much resting happens in a restroom either though, ri-- right? Ha! I uhhhhh... potty please?" I just about shoved my head through the drywall in embarrassment. To my astonishment, she continued to find my nervousness charming and giggled while answering, "The 'potty' is the second door on the right, but please don't open my bedroom, it's a total mess!" I nodded and set off. The first door I passed, her bedroom I assumed, was closed up tight, but as she promised I found the bathroom just past it. I completed my biological requirements and tidied up after myself more carefully than I ever had, desperate not to let anything blow this. I sighed deeply as I looked at myself in the mirror, *I was so going to blow this*. Oddly as I walked back down the hall, her bedroom door was now slightly ajar. An ominous red glow poured out of the cracked door. I was a bit unnerved for a few seconds before reminding myself that she was a photographer, she must still use film and her bedroom was also her darkroom. She'd asked me not to go in, but I feared her leaving the door ajar was a signal for me to enter. Maybe she'd be waiting for me on the bed in some skimpy lingerie and be incredibly disappointed if she had to come get me from the living room. I took a deep breath and stepped inside, and my reality all but shattered. The wall directly in front of me was covered from floor to ceiling with photographs. No surprise there, but they were *all* photos of me. Every single one of them. There was me in a cafe, me at work, me at the gym, and.. oh Jesus... me inside my own home... Well that's great... thats justtttttttt great. Of course the *only* girl who had ever seemed incredibly into me is a serial killer who was going to murder me... that makes perfect sense actually! Well played universe, *well played*. ___ r/Ryter Edit: Story now continued below. Sorry for any typos in Part 2, it's quite possibly way too late to be writing lol. 