
"Listen, Jim, we need to *talk*," said my darling wife, standing atop a burning orphanage. She was wearing her full ruby red getup, impervious to the flames licking towards the sky. Her hands were on her hips. And she'd had that *look*. *Oh boy, here we go.* I ran full speed through the brick, eyes burning through the smoke. The little orphans gathered around, and I swept their smoke-streaked faces under my arms as if I was giving them a big bear hug. "Hun, if this is about inviting the boys over..." She materialized in the flames before me, face alight in pure, burning rage. The kids in my arms shrieked. "No, not that--I wanted to talk about the other night." Without a second thought, I tucked the children under my arm like a running back and stiff-armed my way through the living room wall. The children under my arm squirmed and coughed. *Shit*. *Gotta get them out of the smoke*. "The other night?" I asked. I opened the door to the kitchen, and my wife burst towards us inside of a massive fireball. "You don't even remember?!" she shrieked. She nearly singed off my eyebrows. *Christ almighty, she was insatiable.* I slammed the door right in her face, blisters already forming along the length of my arm. *So...not that way then.* "I'm sorry hun, I have no idea what you're talking about. We just watched TV all night, right?" No going the way I'd first entered either. It was already engulfed in flames. Whatever I'd done, it must have been bad. I felt the heat of her anger rising, to the point where the entire orphanage felt like a damned furnace. "Yeah, and when I asked if you wanted to go for a bike ride, you told me 'no'," came her voice from somewhere in the coiling smoke. It filtered through my nostrils, squeezing the life out of my lungs. "Yeah...?" I coughed. *Neeeeed. Aiiiiiiir*. "Well, I was offended by your tone." My mind whirred. The smoke was making me delirious. It was hard to make sense of just what the hell she was even trying to say. "My tone? I'm sorry hun, I just wanted to watch *Survivor*." I walked towards a window, aiming to burst through and save these poor kids, but as I rumbled towards it I felt the ceiling above me quiver. With milliseconds to spare, I dodged out of the way with inhuman strength as the living room ceiling collapsed in a pile of glowing red timber. We fell in a pile of coughs and screams. I double checked the children. They seemed to be okay. Woozy, sure, and one *might* have been passed out. But otherwise fine. "Yes! Your tone. It was *rude*." Through the newfound hole in the ceiling, I made out a blue patch of sky. There. A *lifeline*. All I had to do was... "Listen, hun, I'm sorry. I mean it. I'd had a long day--you of all people should know--the last thing I'd meant was to be rude." As I leaped towards salvation, the flames reached out and snagged me. I cried out in pain as the fire singed my ankles, and I fell back into the burning building with a sickening *thud.* The children were still tucked away safely, though. I'd been a football star in highschool. No way was I fumbling the Duke. The flames parted around my wife as she walked up for the killshot. "I know you didn't *mean* it." Or maybe even, "Well, next time *think* before you speak." But I knew just how to cut her off. I stood up with my most apologetic face. "You're the love of my life," I said. "You know I'd never want to hurt you." Then I punched her square in the gut. She flew back, arms flailing, colliding with the wall and crumbling into a heap amidst all that smoke. "Really?" she croaked. "It's just...you know. I don't want this to turn into another Bruce situation." *And boom goes the dynamite.* The root of all our problems--as few and far between as they were--related back to her previous marriage. She'd told me she and Bruce had lost their passion somewhere along the line. At a certain point, he'd just retired to his *cave*--as she called it. They hardly ever did anything *fun*. "Babe," I said. "We've talked about this. You and Bruce weren't connected by Fate. You just...I don't know...didn't *fit*." I swooped her up in my free arm. "You and I on the other hand--well, just take a look around you." She collapsed with a smile as she examined the pure carnage. An entire orphanage, churning into ash. "You always know just what to say to vanquish me." Beneath my arms, the little orphans groaned. "I love you so much," I said, kissing my wife on her forehead. "Now, let's take you to jail." The police waited outside. They thanked me profusely as they took her into custody. She waved from the squad car as she was hauled away. "Will you make it home by dinner?" I asked as she passed. "I always do," she said, her eyes simmering with pleasure. I puffed my chest as, beside me, the paramedics had arrived to see to the children's burns. Most of the little youngsters were crying hysterically, anxiously rubbing ash from their eyes. "Let that be a lesson," I said in my most paternal tone. "It's *always* best to talk things out." --------- r/M0zark 