
"Akwiwaron, there is land!" a man cried from the front of the ship. Akwiwaron frowned, raising his own telescope. It was as the Shoshone had informed them; the Shoshone themselves had been warned by the Far Westerners, and while Akwiwaron had originally been hesitant to believe the tales, he had a sinking feeling that it was all true. It began five cycles earlier, when a Shoshone messenger had made the trek across the vast plains to reach the Iroquois Confederacy. Specifically, the messenger visited the Mohawk, of which Akwiwaron was a member. He suspected it was because of the Mohawks' renown in navigation and sailing - it was commonly known as the naval power of the Iroquois, and Mohawk ships had dominated the Eastern Sea for all of living memory. The messenger had spoken of tales of men from the Far West that had arrived on ships. It had taken a while for any communication to occur, considering the language barrier, but once they could speak, they had called themselves the "Da Qing" and spoke of great empires that lay across the sea where they had come from. On the other hand, they also spoke of "The Great Destruction" which lay to their west - in the Mohawk's case, their east. Wide, empty lands, where the people had been ravaged by demons and fire, and wild savages were what the Da Qing spoke of. The Confederacy had convened quickly, and it was determined that the Mohawk would build two ships, designed for longer travel than had ever been attempted, to be sent to the east. Akwiwaron had the fortune, or misfortune, to be selected as the captain of the expedition. "Prepare a landing party," Akwiwaron grimly said. He did not like the idea of wandering into strange lands, but if he had to, he would do so in strength. --- The city was little more than ruins. It was as the Far Westerners had said - nothing remained of whatever people had once lived here. Hundreds of years had done its work on land, and the buildings, which may at one point have been stately, were crumbling with disrepair. It was eerie to see the objects of a civilization's glory fade into time, its place in history as lost as its people. The Da Qing had even passed copies of ancient texts to the Shoshone regarding the east's languages, but Akwiwaron could plainly see that those languages were as dead as the people and city. It was amazing enough that they had even found a place to dock. The city had large docks, but much of the wood it was made of was rotted, and any ships that were left in port were mere husks of what they once were. Akwiwaron couldn't help but marvel at the engineering and design of what they had found, however, as far as the dead city's naval capabilities went. As a true Mohawk, Akwiwaron had ordered the still-intact ships be studied and sketched for future reference. The mast and keel design was unlike Mohawk build, and it would be interesting, to say the least, to see how the dead civilization's ships would have fared. "Sir," a soldier reported, his face red from exertion, "there are no signs of any people in the city in the vicinity. I suggest we *urkk-*". The man cut off with a gurgle when an arrow protruded from his chest. Akwiwaron fell backward in shock, and his eyes flicked to where the arrow had come from. He saw a cloaked figure on the roof of a building a bit away. Beside Akwiwaron, the other soldiers had already set up their shields, ready for imminent attack. "Hold," Akwiwaron ordered. The soldiers looked at him, confused, but they complied nonetheless. "Sir?" the commander of marine detachment asked. "Should we pursue?" Akwiwaron shook his head. "No. I suspect that's what they'd want us to do. We can't be sure how many are setup to ambush our forces, so we will be better off keeping a defensive posture." "What do you think they are?" Akwiwaron stroked his chin. "The natives, I assume. Noble savages hunting around in the carcasses of their ancestors. There is nothing we can do for them, and we should do nothing - they would rather kill us than trade or talk." The commander nodded, and Akwiwaron returned to examining the design of one of the barely-intact ships of the dead city. It was almost remarkable - the civilization of the land had to have perished centuries earlier, but some of the elements of their ship design were very similar to modern Mohawk designs. It was almost chilling to Akwiwaron to think about - whoever these people were, they might have been the ones to visit the Mohawk, rather than the other way around, had whatever destroyed their lands not been so devastating. Akwiwaron shook his head absentmindedly. It was ludicrous to think about. The Mohawk were the best in the world when it came to the sea, and they would always be. The past glory of a dead civilization was nothing compared to the continuing, unbroken legacy of the Iroquois. When he returned to his home, he would give the recommendation for the Confederacy to authorize a larger exploration of the New World. There was opportunities to be had in this new land, and the native people could hardly stand in the way of a coordinated settlement. He could almost see it: a grand, shining colony, fit to expand the Iroquois to new frontiers and enrich their people. A city that would make this one - *Lisbon*, if Akwiwaron's translation of a shop name via the Far Westerners' texts was to be trusted - look like nothing more than a village. Perhaps they could even teach and civilize the natives. 