
There sat a man upon my windowsill, carefully picking away at the stumps of his rotten fingers. He stared at the ceiling with glassy eyes and let out a symphony of guttural groans through a jaw which dangled from his skull. Were I one of the less fortunate, his very presence would entail my demise. It was only when I approached him did he take notice of my presence, and he desperately tried to avoid me, almost tripping over his own rotten legs as he did so. But I paid him no mind, for he posed no threat to me. He was like so many others before him. They would linger in my presence, but depart as I drew near. But much to my chagrin, they moved just fast enough and with just enough grace that dealing with them was an arduous endeavor in itself, so I rarely cared to deal with them unless they troubled me greatly. Even though the world itself had collapsed two years prior, I had somehow managed to maintain my idyllic lifestyle, far removed from civilization. Even as everyone I both knew and didn't know turned into mindless flesh-eating monsters, I came out against all odds. But that was not for reasons of hard work or determination, it was merely because like that man just moments ago, those fleshbags would flee my very presence should I draw near. All of them except one. When I swung the door open to my basement, there came a horrible groan from deep within. And as I flicked on my flashlight and walked closer, there came a chorus of rattling chains, and a gut-wrenching scream. I shone the flashlight upon the source of the noise, which revealed nothing more than a maddened fleshbag, covered head to toe in chains. She was a woman in a state far less disastrous than those who prowled outside, because even though she was just as diseased as any other, her flesh had not succumbed to infection, and only her teeth had shown the signs of damage that came with such that affliction. "Hey darling," I said, as I drew a syringe from my side, filled to the brim with my own blood, "it's time for your shot." I brought it to her arm, chained heavily against the wall, lest she break from her prison and slaughter me as I slept. And even though she resisted as well as she could, I managed to inject her with that bloodied concoction nonetheless. As I watched that blood drain from the syringe, her primal rage slowly came to quiet, and that unearthly complexion of hers slowly turned to a much more healthier shade - eventually looking no different from my own. I gazed upon her face, and watched as her rabid visage quelled, and a great calmness settled behind her sparkling blue eyes. It looked like she had never been infected at all. "Hey Ken," she said, with a faint smile - stained by blood, "any luck?" "No," I said, as I placed that syringe off to the side. "It still kills anyone else but you." She lowered her head, and that smile slowly faded from her lips. "I see." "That should last around thirty minutes." I pointed at her arm, which no longer bore any sign of injury from the needle. And one by one I undid all the shackles that bound her, releasing her from her sorry state upon the wall. "Anything you want to do?" "I just want to rest today," she said, "is that fine?" "Yeah," I said, as I forced myself to smile, "that's fine." I held her in my arms until I had to send her back to the wall. And tomorrow, I would repeat it all again. * * * /r/khaarus 