
"What did you say this was for, again?" Vlad asks, holding up a knife. You'd think that, as a centuries-old vampire, he'd remember what I told him. At least it isn't the fork, this time. That time, he reacted like I personally decided to shrink a pitchfork specifically to remind him of the days when humans would chase him out of town with torches and pitchforks. And then I explained that it was for eating. I almost wished I could take a picture of him to preserve his face. Sadly, cameras, like mirrors, don't show him. Digital cameras almost work, but they show his fangs. I tend to avoid that. Even though I'm human, I feel a little sorry for the guy. He is so amusing to watch as he tries to appear human that I choose to remain his roommate. It's been two years now and he hasn't bitten me once. I've checked. "That's a knife, for cutting things too big to eat. Steak, for example. How did you manage to get Veronica to agree to go out with you with your sun allergy?" I was amazed that he even met Veronica. Vlad never goes out during the day, for one. And then his name is so quintessentially vampire that it seems so strange to think that she doesn't have any idea at all what she's getting into. But why would a nice girl willingly choose to go out with a vampire? "We met at the library where we were both...studying." Vlad's pause makes me wonder what he was studying, exactly. People (as his next meal) or modern technology and civilization? "Do I look alright? The mirror does a poor job of showing what I need it to show." Because he doesn't show up in the mirror. He doesn't know it, but I saw him and his lack of a reflection once. "You look fine," I reply. "Veronica won't know what hit her." I barely refrain from saying "bit" instead of "hit". It's only one letter off. "Remember to avoid suggesting the Italian restaurants. They put garlic in everything. If you decide to go for a walk after dinner, remember to keep to lit paths. Women tend to freak out if they can't see streetlights. I won't wait up for you, so feel free to come home at dawn." Vlad smiles, hiding his fangs, and walks to the door. "Your coat, not the cape!" I yell to him when I see him start to reach for his cape as he prepares to go outside. It was a bit of a struggle to get him to accept the coat. The cape stands out too much. I really need to invite him to ComiCon. 