
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, pump the brakes Satan. What do you mean I'm the first one here?..." I ask while gesturing around to the barren wasteland around me. "...Was I really so bad in life that I'm the official first entrant into hell? HITLER! HOW IS HITLER NOT HERE! I MEAN, COME ON!" I shout, waving my arms in a comical way. Satan laughs, as to be expected. He calmly says, "They will be here, in a few hundred years or so, but I just couldn't have guests over with my place looking like this, I mean the thought of it..." He shudders and continues, "...So I made a bargin with God, your soul, for a few of his precious priests that went a little wayward. You were the worst interior designer on Earth. And now you will use that horrible talent of yours to design a Hell that even I couldn't imagine." I stare blankly at Satan, utterly confused, saying, "I wasn't an interior designer...I was a brain surgeon." Satan freezes, "Wait, your name isn't Sam Paulson?" I nod, "Yes, my name is Sam Paulson." Satan pulls out a cell phone, "Yes, Sam Paulson from Prattville Utah." I shake my head, "No, Sam Paulson from Prattville Florida." Satan closes his eyes, rubs the side of his head, and sighs, "So, you're not an interior decorator?" I shake my head, "Not in the least." Satan sits down on the ground, his head hanging low, "Just once, just once I want to do something right. I had a chance to finally make Hell what I wanted it to be, and I picked the wrong Sam Paulson. I mean, is it even worth it anymore? Should I just give up? Should everyone just go to Heaven at this point?" I look around, seeing if there is anyone else he could be talking to. Realizing it is just the two of us I sigh and sit down beside a very well dressed Satan, "I mean, you can't give up..." What was I saying? "If everyone gets to go to Heaven, there is no incentive to be a good person. The belief in Hell makes people do the right thing, so..." I stand up and dust off my scrubs, extending my hand to help Satan up, "...what do you say we design Hell together, I mean, neither of us are interior decorators, so that qualifies as being the worst right?" Satan looks up at me and smiles, "Yeah, together the two of us are twice as worst as the other Sam Paulson. Let's get started, I really like the thought of shag carpet." I nod, "This already sounds like the worst place I have ever been..." 