
"Jack, it's time." I know he won't listen to me. How could he after everything I put him through. His crimson feathers have wilted into a full flamingo pink. He looks more like a common fowl dyed for Halloween than the majestic heritage he deserves. "Jack!" I snap my fingers, "It is time." He just gives me the same sorrow look. As if this is my fault! I didn't give Nana cancer. I didn't break Lucio's back. I didn't make the rent in this shitty apartment so God damn high - why is this is all happening! I don't know how long I sat on the floor in that ball. I do know the only reason I got up. It was Jack. Jack curled up next to my right shoulder, gently brushing at first. When I looked up he was starring away from me at the padlocked window. Damn bird can only think of escape, can't he? I try to summon my anger and toss him off me but the weight of the last two years collapses in on me. Nana is dead. Lucio will never walk again. I will never become anything other than a street merchant selling the ashes of my pet bird who luckily for me decides to die and be reborn every few months. "The ashes of my bird," I think, "No, I sell the ashes of my only friend in the world, and I don't even know if he remembers me when I betray him." I lie. I would have run out of poison eventually. He never knew it was in his food anyway. I would have stopped once Lucio got better. But I and only I, and every version of Jack for the past few years knows the truth: I would never stop. I decide to end my life then and there, but I can muster enough energy to go out on a high note. I crawl to the wall. I slither my way to the window sill. I unlatch the 1st lock, and the 2nd, and the The 3rd. I open the window and sink back into my comfy hole in the floor, ready to stay there forever. The fluttering of feathers overhead lets me know I've done something right for once: I set my friend free. He can finally live this life, or another, or another again, on his own terms. I fall asleep in my misery next to the window for a peace I deserve and desire. The triplet tamping on my shoulder awakes me. I wipe the dried tears from my face and find my friend nussled into my side - his feathers now a bright red against his frail frame. I've seen that crimson hue too many times recently. "Jack No! Don't go again please! I'll make this right you deserve a life, a real life!" No, I command you to stop!" I shout, grabbing Jack and embracing him like I've failed to so many times before. Jack rubs his slender neck into my side. I feel his head roll into my shoulder and the weight fades away. From beneath the ashes I see my next paycheck. a small ugly chicklet struggles amongst the hot dust and unbroken feathers at knees. I pick the small load up and place him on a nearby table. I return to Jack's body and gather his remains, thinking how much a pile of Phoenix Ash goes for on the street. Jack was almost 7 months old this time. The ashes of a sexually mature Phoenix are easily worth double and I never had the time to wait before! The full unbroken feathers are just a bonus at this point. The small chicklet nugget on my table begins to cough and shiver. He's so small, and so cold. Funny how a bird that will end in flames always seems so cold when they first rebirth. It finally hits me I've seen this small chicklet shiver before. I've seen it shiver so many times and I always have it a blanket and a new name. Jonsey. Jorris. Johemis. Jorrah.... and Jack. I toss the remaining feathers and ash out the window, and then pick up my new friend. "Let me tell you why your name is Jack, and why you will live a full and happy life." 