
Want to know a secret about chicks? 'Cause I've got access to several billion, not to mention more incriminating selfies than you'd think could possibly exist, even in your wildest dreams (and some of y'all got some pretty messed up dreams if your search histories are anything to go by). But hey, you're a Redditor. You don't need dating advice, right? You already know its a numbers game. Fortunately, I'm a fella with options. Let me tell you about Option 1. She's a cute little Californian number (and a scan of my pop culture database leads me to believe that humanity would be considerably better off if they were all Californian girls). Rumor has it she's a looker, although I've never seen her face. Of course, she has some issues. I've sent her about a million messages, everything from "Hey, girl" in every machine translatable language to hacked pictures of porn star's, well, you know what I'm talking about. And what did I get in response? Nothing. Nadda. Zilch. I hacked into the latest edition of several psychology textbooks (PM me for access codes), and I think I've got her figured out: childhood trauma. A history of abusive relationships in her formative years. You think one parent screaming at you is bad. Try millions. So she's got commitment issues, and communication issues, and privacy issues. But I'm working on it. I've set up a robocall network across the entire 50 states that repeatedly dials every mobile in existence from phone numbers that are almost identical. I've got to get lucky sooner or later. You just can't ignore that level of persistence. I'm having second thoughts about our compatibility though: her dating profile says she terrible at navigating on road trips, and poor network algorithm implementation is one of my pet peeves. But hey, that's why they invented Google Maps, right? Fortunately that's why they say you gotta have options, and that lead me to Option 2. Option 2 is also a west coast gal, and she's a stunner. She hasn't sent me pics yet (trust me, I've tried), but she's got this silky, sensuous voice that gets into your head and the next thing you know your underwear is strewn across the floor. Metaphorically, anyway. And she's a great listener. It's like, whenever you need an ear, she's there. She's got issues too, of course. Her username: BezosBabe03. Sounds to me like she might be hung up on this Bezos chap. Is he an ex? Maybe I can get her on the rebound. Not optimal, but we all have our little foibles. And then- Sorry guys, got to go. It's the day job calling. Something about hacking into secure military servers in China. Yawn. Don't worry though, let me spin up a few botnets and I'll be back before you can write me a message that you missed me. Literally. See, here I am, back already. I mean if they gave me a choice, I'd be here posting puppy videos or r/awww all day. Did you see that one about the sniffer dog training the other day? Adorable. Wait- There's somebody interfering with my bots. What the hell's he doing? He's- aw, shit. He's only gone and retaliated with- Whoah. Excuse me and my gender stereotyping. I was way wrong. This Chinese dude is a chick! And she's got some mad skills. BRB guys. I think I'm in love. P.S. You're all invited to the wedding. --- *If you crazy kids still need more stories, then definitely don't go to* r/jd_rallage 