
January 4th, 2028 Been in the muck for three weeks now. Jackson's been losing his shit, blaming me for everything from the translucent bats to the creepers upturning our tents in the middle of the night. We heard this was a dangerous place. Three teams lost already and we're the fourth. So far no one has died. They are toying with us. Murphy saw something in the woods, said it looked like a man with five legs. He said it had a mist surrounding it, a dull grey haze that cloaked it in the ambient sunlight creeping through the trees. The trees. They seem to grow slime rather than fruit. The trees seem alive, more alive than the ones we're used to. They don't move, but we hear them. We hear them breathing. Lately, we always feel like we're being watched. The oil dericks have been pumping. DARPA came up with something special. Self building structures ready to pump in only a few hours. Meanwhile, they give us tents made of plastic and canvas, fold out cots fit for a homeless shelter. We shouldn't be here. This is madness. I can't lose my cool. Not in front of the men. I'm all they have. My courage must become their own. What if I have none? What if it's an act? Will it still have the same effect? I can only hope. January 6th 2028 They are upon us now. It has begun. Jackson was attacked by a swarm of those bats. He ran off into the woods surrounded by them. We could do nothing but watch. Our guns would have made us his accidental executioners had we even TRIED to intervene. I heard of a war long ago. Most people laugh at you and call you an idiot when you ask if it really happened. I heard it was for oil. I heard it was a dangerous place to get it. I heard no one cared. Now here we are and the world has changed. We found Jackson, or what was left of him. He was a bright red skeleton of hair and camaflouge, sitting at the base of a tree. We examined him for a moment, before he shuddered back to life. He gibbered and babbled. We couldn't make out his words. Screaming and shouting, he tried to get up and failed, tried to grab at us, but his hands could not grip. His muscles had been eaten away. His tongue, too. The men have been getting restless. Talking about how they got families at home, questioning my decisions because I don't. January 29th Hoffer poppers swim and hoffer poppers fly. Hoffer poppers speak and hoffer poppers lie. Itching, stitching, peter pie. Squelching, belching, so am I. Wrap the night into my mind, capping, scrapping it's all mine! Hello, dear friend, it's been a while now. Things are so much DIFFERENT now. So much BETTER. The slugs are merry. They crawl through me and I can feel their JOY. They hum with it. They SING. This MESS. OH, what a MESS! Reds and greens and browns and blues. Such a MESS in my wonderful FOREST. My friends are helping. FEEDING. Oh, and we are so HAPPY now. Such SPLENDOR, such JOY! JOY! JOY! [Audio Version](https://soundcloud.com/user-656521351/spooky-scary-halloween-stories) 