
"So, why should we hire you?" The interviewer asks "You shouldn't." you reply candidly, anxious to get out of there. He grins then lets out a hefty laugh. It continues for a good 5 seconds, 5 seconds too long. You nervously let out an awkward laugh with a very confused look on your face. "Humor, we appreciate that at this company," He says still with a wide grin piercing his straight face. The smile looks awkward and unpracticed on him, he clearly hasn't smiled like that in a very long time. "I normally like seriousness in the workplace but a good chuckle has been known to improve overall productivity. But anyway, let's move onto the next question: What are your defining attributes?" You cheer internally, grateful for this easy escape to this torturous interview. "Well, i'm very lazy, I sleep in every other day so I probably won't be showing up for work on time, and my breath nearly always smells of burning trash" You say in a nearly joyful tone. "Ah, you sly dog! That question almost always gets my interviewees, it's a trick question you see. Most people just say they are a perfectionist or some boring cliche thing like that... but you. You were honest and differentiated yourself from the crowd. It's really rare to find someone as unique and truthful are you." Every word is agonizing. You've tried everything but it all seems to just make him like you more. "Final question: Where do you see yourself in 5 years?" Clearly your initial strategy isn't strong enough. Time for a more radical approach. "Not in this dump" you mutter. You try to make it sound like you're speaking under your breath but keep it loud enough for him to hear. If this doesn't work you don't know what will. "Great! I love someone with some ambition, and just between you and me, I think you're right. I see you going places, 5 years and you'll be moving to out to our headquarters in Washington. Well, I'll go get the paperwork, you're hired!" As he heads for the door, you shout after him, nearly pleading with him "Look sir, you know I've been nothing but a deceitful idiot this entire time. Why in god's name are you hiring me!?" "Exactly, the most important traits for any upcoming politician!" And with a wink he walks out the door, leaving you in shock, contemplating your new job. 