
I never should have gotten in the car with Paul. I knew he'd been drinking a bit that night, but I thought that he'd be ok to get us home, it was just a few blocks from the bar. The last thing I remember was us screaming as he swerved off the road and tumbled down a hill, a sharp pain in my neck, then... Nothing. I woke up in a pastel pink room. A little girl was staring at me with wide eyes. "Hi Mister! I've never seen you before, what's your name?" I backed away slowly. "Uh, I'm Mike. Listen, kid, I'm not sure how I got here. Where's your mom?" She smiled at me. "Mama's downstairs. You're just in time for the tea party! Mr. Snowball and and Mrs. Grizzly are already here.". She walked over to a little table, where a stuffed tiger and teddy bear were sitting in front of plastic plates. She sat down at the table and patted the empty seat next to her. "You can sit over here." I walked over reluctantly. "Ok, but... What is your name again?" She stuck out her hand. "I'm Sara. Nice to meet you Mr Mike!" I shook her hand gingerly. It was strangely warm. "Hi Sara. Look, your mom might not like my being here. I should go talk to her. I don't even know how I got here." She giggled. "Mama never minds any of my friends. I think she's coming here now anyway. I'll introduce you!" She ran over to the doorway with my hand still in hers. A woman was walking into the room with a plate of muffins and a pitcher of milk. She looked strangely familiar. "Mama, mama, meet my new best friend." The woman smiled and set the tray on the table. "Oh, a new best friend huh? What happened to Mr. Timmy?" "Mr. Timmy told me he had to go for a while, but made me promise to be a good girl for Mama and Daddy. This is Mr. Mike!" The woman looked up and stared right through me. I stood there, stunned. She looked just like my daughter. But my daughter was only a few years older than Sara... A sense of dread crept into my stomach. "Mr. Mike, huh? Your grandpa was named Mike too. " A tear trickled down her face. "Well you tell Mr. Mike not to eat too many muffins, and to be nice to you, ok?" I swallowed hard. "Will do, Amanda," I whispered. She turned to go. "Will do." 