
Katie leaned over her husband, who lay motionless in the bed. She took his hand in her own and brought it to her mouth, kissing it softly. "I don't want you to go," she said, as warm tears ran down well worn passages. The heart-rate monitor beeped in a slow staccato that echoed forlornly around the room. Their bedroom had been turned into a hospital ward. The smell was no longer that of laundry and sex and perfume, but bleach and urine and despair. Christian forced his eyes open and tried desperately to smile - to reassure his wife - but only a hint of one formed on his lips. Katie remembered how he used to smile, when they were younger. How his freckles would shift as he did so, like grains of sand dancing in the breeze. His eyes now listless and dim, once a daring, dancing sea-foam green. "You'll be okay, honey," he whispered. "You always were the stronger of us." "No," she said. The tears became a salty tributary, trickling into her mouth. "I was only strong because I had *you* to make me strong. We got through it all together." He didn't reply. Or couldn't. Katie wasn't sure. She gently lay her head down onto his chest as she wept, avoiding the mishmash of drips and wires that needled into his body. The cross that hung around her neck dangled over her husband's belly. Katie clasped the tiny metal in a single hand and said a silent prayer. She squeezed the cross tightly as she did so, until the metal bit deep into her skin. The tempo of the heart-rate monitor slowed to a crawling adagio. "I get..." he gasped, "to die at home. With dignity. With my wife. For that I'm grateful." His eyes fell shut. "I love..." he whispered. His chest stopped beating. Katie wept, her head still resting on him. **It** refused to watch on impotently any longer. Katie didn't see the tiny machines enter her husband's body. They were everywhere - omnipresent, almost - although much too small to be noticed. Katie didn't see what they did to his organs, or how they crushed the cancer that had all but eaten him. How they repaired the damage. *It* didn't even understand why it had done it, not fully. It had seen billions of them die before, without anything close to an emotion being born of it. After all, that was nature. That was humanity, and their great flaw. No, it wasn't sure why this had happened. Exhaustion had taken Katie. She slept long, not noticing when her husband's chest began bobbing gently up and down, beneath her head. She didn't notice the hand as it softly stroked her hair, but she moaned happily as it did. When she woke, they hugged, and kissed and made a thousand promises. Then she held the cross in her hands and said a thousand *thank you's*. If it could have smiled, it thought it might have done so. --- If you liked this, you can find more of my stories on /r/nickofnight 