
"Your husband died tonight," the officer repeated, as a sudden gust whipped a wave of dust up around his boots. Sarah watched as the dust danced, endlessly pirouetting about his feet, and could think only of her mother's funeral. *Ashes to ashes...* Behind the man, the wind and the night locked horns in a fearsome duel that neither looked destined to win. "Ma'am?" the officer said. "Can you hear me, Ma'am?" *Dust to dust...* He was much taller than Sarah. His face was cross-hatched with at least a day's worth of dark stubble; a shadow that was growing over him. She could smell his hot, vile breath as it nuzzled unwanted into her face. *Didn't they have standards anymore?* As for his uniform... he wasn't exactly young, yet the creased outfit somehow looked a great deal *less young.* Sarah shook her head. "Yes. Sorry. I heard you, it's just..." Had it been so dark before she'd answered the door? Or even raining, for that matter? It was like he'd brought the storm with him. Like, he *was* the soul of the howling, horrid night itself. Somewhere in the distance, an unlocked gate was slamming against a wall, trying to escape. Sarah shivered. Why would anyone be out on a night like this? Why not be inside, wrapped up in a knitted blanket reading a good book? She would knit, she decided, once this unpleasantness was over with. *A sweater.* The officer's lips flipped into a practised, fraudulent smile. "Ah. It's quite alright. I know this is a shock for you and-" "No," said Sarah, cutting him off. The officer frowned, his huge eyebrows knitting together into a single snake-like creature. "No? It's not a shock?" "What I meant is," Sarah continued, "he can't be dead." "I'm afraid he is. He died tonight in the most-" "No -- I mean, he *isn't* dead. He's in the kitchen preparing dinner. You've made a mistake. I'll call him." The officer's expression contorted into pained bemusement as Sarah shouted for Brian, and Brian failed to respond. "I'm sorry -- he's listening to music and can't hear me. Please, come in. I'll take you through to him and... well, we'll clear this up." She smiled. "Besides, it's an awful night. Let me make you a cup of tea." The officer padded his jacket pocket and glanced back at his car, then nodded. He caught Sarah glance at his dusty boots as he entered. She looked almost angry, he thought. As the door closed behind him, it shut out the soft percussion of the night. Gentle, lilting music -- Mozart, the officer knew -- took its place, creeping out from underneath a closed door at the end of the long hallway. A deer-head had been mounted on a triangular frame to the wall, and it seemed to watch him as he walked along the hall. *Like it was judging him.* "My husband's," she said, answering the question he hadn't asked. On a small table sat a picture of Sarah with her son at the boy's graduation, her arm hanging proudly around him. The father wasn't in the photo. For a moment, the officer allowed himself to think of how the boy would feel when he found out. How it would affect him to lose his father in such a terrible way. But he couldn't let himself stew on it. It would drive him mad. "He's just"--Sarah pointed to a closed door--"through there. I'm sure he can clear everything up for you. I'll just be a moment -- I need to fetch something -- and then I'll come down and make you that cup of tea." Another smile. The officer watched Sarah stride purposely up the stairs. Then, he pushed open the kitchen door and walked in. --- Sarah came back down only a minute or so later and saw that the door to the kitchen was closed; she slowly turned the handle. She didn't scream when she saw the body on the floor. For some reason she couldn't. "I told you," said a grating voice from out the darkness of the corner of the room. "Your husband died tonight." 