
What is history? You probably think of long forgotten battles, golden heroes, and reprehensible villains. You think of wonders and wars, tragedies and miracles. You see history as a concept, an untouchable. Something like a movie that has no connection to reality. But that is just an infinitely small part of history. History is what you ate for breakfast yesterday, history is what you were doing an hour ago. History is what you read in the last fraction of a second. Everything up to this exact moment is history. Now this moment. Now this moment. You get the idea. I used to teach history, see. I used to focus on the big battles, the monuments, the wonders. I considered myself an expert on "history," but focused on this small part of it. When I first found my ability, I changed these events to suit my wishes. The Tower of Babel never lasted until the present day. Alexander the Great never conquered India. The Roman Empire actually fell. The world you live in today, the world you hate and spit on, is the result of careful deliberate manipulation by yours truly. You have no idea what it was like to live in the Tower's shadow, no idea what a world with a modern-day Rome was like. History is a river see. I can put up a dam, but the water will break through. Tragedies will happen, even I, practically a God, cannot stop them. All I can do is redirect the river, make the damage as little as I can. I began to be subtler. Rather than force the river to change direction, I offered small, easier paths. Change what shoes Kennedy wore on a certain fateful day. Made sure a guard didn't became thirsty on duty in the Watergate hotel. Trivial things, history, that changed the course of the world. And these 2 actions, one of the millions I've done, have had effects as large as making the Roman Empire fall. I know what some of you are thinking. I'm a monster, changing history to what I like. You think I should ask your opinion. Maybe you liked Kennedy or Nixon. Maybe you think we would flourish under the Roman Empire. Maybe you would like it if Angels still roamed the world. Well you know what? I'm done. I've been doing this for years - I used to teach back when we worshiped Zeus in Greece. I've tried to save the world, save myself, but I don't think it's worth it anymore. Trust me, I'm more qualified than anyone else to say. And so I say the words that I've always known would end it all. A command that cannot be fulfilled. A command that will rip apart the very fabric of time and space. I don't need to go very far back at all, see, only mere moments ago. "What I just said was wrong." *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 