
I crouched at the edge of a skyscraper and looked down at a city too full of noise. People bustled along cramped streets like ants looking for any morsel to bring back to the hive. Some of them were normal, unable to control their own futures in a world of powers and predators, but many had their own abilities stored away. They were almost worse, I couldn't check my Instagram without seeing some girl in yoga pants complaining that her powers were useless. That was the problem with everyone else, they didn't play the game right. To really rise as a hero, or a villain, you needed a hook. So many people tried to name themselves after their powers and just leave it at that, but it was never enough. "Oh look! It's wind-man!" People would get obsessed for a day or two, but eventually they'd lose interest, and then so would the hero. That's the second thing about it. The costume isn't for the crowd. Every single hero that tries to make a name does it because they want to be somebody. Half of them figure if they've got a power that's enough for people to believe in them. To care about them. It isn't. The crowd might like a persona, but the hero needs it. They need to become something more in their own mind, otherwise they lose interest too. That's the problem with heroes. Everybody starts as one, but most of them end up turning villain when they realize they don't like fighting without a reward. They never even get to be a supervillain, just joining up with a couple other wannabes and robbing a bank or kidnapping a celebrity. There's no long-term plan, they just want instant gratification. All of this because they wanna be special, and they think the power is what decides that. They think that whoever has the coolest, or easiest used power wins the day. They couldn't be more wrong. My name is Michelle, but heroes call me Quiet. It isn't the catchiest name, but it stuck. My suit is dark grey spandex, plain, and a white mask to cover my entire face. Why risk anything less? I started as a hero, but no one thought my power would do any good. No one cared. I lost interest. I wanted fame, prestige. All I got were laughs. You see, my power is very simple. I can hear a person's background music. It's everywhere, constant. Even now I can hear music blasting up from the streets, but it's faint at this distance. I crouched at the edge of a skyscraper and looked down at a city too full of noise, waiting. There was a window just under my ledge, I had spent the better part of an hour weakening it with my tools. I waited, ambient noise all around me. I waited two hours, three. Midnight came and went, and then the notes began. At first they were almost indistinguishable from the rest, but I knew this song. The bass notes of a drum. The hint of strings. I had memorized this sound. I put in a pair of earplugs that completely blocked all mundane sounds. The song grew louder, building as Lawrence approached his window. His home was hidden well, his entranceway guarded, his window secured, or so he thought. I withdrew the long knife at my belt and grasped the rope I had secured to the exhaust of an oven hood. Lawrence grew closer, and I remembered the first time I had heard his song. He had been in the process of kidnapping a schoolbus full of children. He wore a mask then, his name was Blackheart. The kids were ransomed or sold on the black market. I smiled beneath my mask. That's the thing everyone forgets about villains. I don't have to go after heroes to be famous. I can kill whoever I want. Rob whoever I want. People don't care about the villain's motive, just the hero's. I swung out over the ledge just as Lawrence reached the weakened window. I gave a sharp kick and it broke along the seams that I had created. The glass fell inward and Lawrence stumbled back as it struck him. The song didn't change, but the tempo increased. I heard the swelling of a cello as he realized who I was. Lawrence-- Blackheart-- opened his mouth in a scream. The glass shattered and walls around me shook, but I couldn't hear that magic voice. It gave out less than a second later as I kicked him in the center of his chest. He pulled back with a gasp, but by then I had already slit his throat. His guards were coming, but I didn't care. I had planned my exit. I found the Blackheart suit and draped it over his body as he choked on his own blood. I grabbed my phone and took a picture of him, then a selfie with the two of us for good measure. His face, haloed by blood. Mine a blank white mask. I sent the pictures off to my upload relay and smiled. They were all still scared of me, even if I hunted other villains. I was the greatest villain of all. I was Quiet. The guards opened the door as I stepped out the window, their scared songs became my anthem as I spread my arms and glided away. 