
"You... understand what the job entails... right?" The man on the other side of the desk looked at me like I was insane. "Well I certainly understand what it pays!" I responded, nervously. Honestly, how hard could it possibly be? The payment is absolutely insane! I couldn't believe no one had already taken the job. "The last guy who held this job quit after 6 days. There's a backlog of work that needs to be done since he quit. We don't generally even get applicants for this position. The job is yours if you really want it," the man replied. I couldn't stop the smile from spreading over my face. "I'll take it," I said, confident in my abilities. The man stood up and gave me a cloak. "Now, you see," he started, taking a moment to adjust his glasses, "You don't actually have to wear the uniform. Granted, years ago it was tradition, but in this day and age, as long as you're getting the job done no one will care. Oh, and you only maintain your payment as long as you keep the job." "Sounds good to me!" I replied. I looked around, somewhat confused. "Do I get any other tools?" The man chuckled. "If you're asking if you get a scythe, the answer is no. It was honestly a gag for a long time, but discontinued at this point." I was disappointed, but I understood. I thanked the man for his time and walked out of his office. Once out of the building, I took a deep breath. Immortality. The highest form of payment in the world. So long as I held this job, I quite literally could not die. I looked around at the people on the street. I had just gotten the deal of a fuckin' lifetime. Who cares about money when you can never die? My watch beeped, alerting me to my first task. I took a quick look to see just how big of a backlog there was exactly. Fuck. Me. The last guy quit a few days ago. 300,000? Good grief, this was gonna be pretty exhausting. I decided to tackle the nearest job. *** I walked into the hospital and went to the second floor. A young girl, she couldn't have been more than 7 or 8, sat in the hallway crying. Once I was close to her, my watch buzzed. Damn. It was her. "Hey sweetie," I said. "Where are your parents?" She looked up at me, still with tears in her eyes. "You can... see me?" She asked. "Of course I can!" I said, trying to be cheery. "Where are your parents?" I asked again, a little more urgent. She pointed to an adjoining room. As I walked in, my heart broke. The girl was laying in the bed, the monitor beeping slowly. She had a few minutes left. Her parents were on either side, holding her hands. Both were trying so hard to be optimistic, but some things are unavoidable. The little girl walked into the room. "I tried to talk to them," she said. "They won't listen. I don't understand why they won't listen!" She erupted back into tears. I knew what had to be done. I turned to the little girl. "Hey sweetie. I'm gonna explain this to you real soon okay? But first I need you to come with me." I held out my hand. She shook her head, refusing to take it. "I wanna stay with mommy and daddy!" She said, adamantly. "I know you do, honey. I tell you what. You come with me, and then I'll come fix your parent's ears and bring them to you. Okay?" She hesitated, but finally took my hand. We walked out of the room and started down the hallway. Behind us, the monitor flatlined. I heard her mom wailing, screaming to God to save her little girl. Her father watched silently, unable to do a thing. The nurses rushed into the room, but couldn't do a thing. She was already gone. The little girl held my hand, oblivious to the commotion behind her. "I really hope mommy and daddy get better. They seemed so sad the last time I saw them," she said. It was only my first day. My first job. I was so naive to believe this would be easy. I would be immortal, yes. But only as long as I continued doing my job. As long as the Angel of Death continued to ferry souls to the other side. I finally understood why this was the hardest job in the world. 