
No one has such a stupid super power. I tried to hide behind my beer. Jordan had been given the ability to absorb power. She could basically swallow bombs. Bombs! There was no limit to how much power she could absorb. She was level 39. Jimmy and Todd (twins), they could control time. They had been slowing and speeding up time, saving people and preventing calamity for months now. They were level 45. They did have to share though, as they had to work together. 'Corbin, my soups too hot' Jordan sniggered. I wanted to die.' No, you're mocking me.' I pulled at my beer. 'It's way to hot to eat, please?' She looked at me with pleading eyes. I relented and touched the bowl. The steam stopped floating from the soup. She took a bite and looked at me with a slight scowl. 'It's not warm enough.' 'I'm sorry, I have to power to make things LUKE-WARM.' Jimmy and Todd howled with laughter, Jordan dissolved into fits of mirth. I drained my beer and left. As I wandered outside into the snow I dug my hands beep in my pockets. The snow melting after me as I walked. I decided to take a new way home. The streets were light by the city lights and cars were slowly making their way down the icy streets. I came to a hill and noticed many cars were stopped at the top, people were standing around in groups. I went to see what was going on. 'Can't get down the hill, it's too slick' a man told me. The truth of his words was proven by cars in the ditch halfway down and others askew on the road. 'Oh, well the salt trucks will be by soon, it's not too long of a wait.' I said. The man shrugged, 'Suppose, I guess I'll call my wife and tell her I'll be late to dinner.' He paused, 'It's her birthday.' he added sadly. I started over to the road. When I got to the top of the hill I took off my glove. I bent down and put my hand on the road. I hadn't much idea of what I was doing, but I wondered if I could help a bit. The compacted snow and ice around my hand melted in a small circle. I sighed, my powers weren't very strong, or impressive. I was about to stand up when I noticed the circle spreading. Shocked I pressed down harder and the melted patch spread, picking up speed. The road melted and water flowed down the hill into the drains. As I stood people around me were smiling, they politely said thank you, got in their cars and went about their business. I went home and had a mediocre shower. The next month I was getting ready for work when I got a text from Jordan. J: what the hell, you're number 8? You have the lamest super power! Meet us at the pub. I went that evening to our local pub. Jordan, Jimmy and Todd all stared at me in total disbelief. Todd started by saying there is no way that the power to make things luke-warm warranted a number 8 ranking. Jimmy looked at me with a scowl 'How'd you manage that?' The waitress set my beer down and I took a long pull. She stopped and thanked me for the help with her radiator. 'Well guys, everyone has super-powers, but not everyone is using them to help people like I am. I'm not saving lives, or swallowing bombs. I *am* making problems for people everywhere much easier to deal with. The rankings are voted on by the public.' 'How.' It was a demand. Jordan's eyes narrowed. 'I'm making roads accessible, cooling down hot water heaters in minutes, unfreezing pipes. That sort of thing. I'm just being a nice guy.' 