
"Come, child. Don't just stand there, gaping; you'll catch a cold." I glance once more at the sight in front of me, and it convinces me I'm not where I'm supposed to be. Beyond a creaky, broken wooden gate, lies a garden; it is in the shape of a perfect circle. In the middle of the garden is the frail, venerable woman who had just called out to me. Surely she couldn't be the fabled Goddess of Vengeance? Nevertheless, my feet carry me past the gates and towards the garden. The circular garden smells of honey dew and petrichor. Roses, lilies, peonies and flowers of vivid, iridescent colours rise from every single inch of the periphery of the circle. "I'm sorry," I say, bowing slowly. "I think I took a wrong turn somewhere." "No, you're right where you supposed to be. I am who you seek." "I... okay," I fumble, not quite knowing where to begin. In my mind, I had rehearsed the words a million times. But each time, my subconscious had conjured a deity that seemed to *fit* the image. The last thing I expected was revealing my destructive tendencies to Mother Teresa with a gardening pail. "I want to hear you say it," the old lady says, smiling feebly. "What does your heart want?" "I want vengeance. Slow, immensely fulfilling vengeance. What happened to me was---" "Before you tell me anything, child," she interrupts, "Can you tell me where this garden begins?" The chain of thought abruptly vanishes from my mind. "I... I don't know," I manage, trying to figure out where a circle begins. "Where does it end?" "I don't know that either." The old lady smiles. "So you don't know where it all began. You do not know where it ends. Now, you find yourself in the middle of it all. How are you sure that you truly understand what you crave?" "I know it because I feel it. I feel the unrequited rage bubbling inside of me," I retort, rather crudely. "I know I want it because every day of my life, all I've been doing is burying it somewhere deep inside me." "When a garden first takes bloom, my child, the weeds are often the fastest to grow. Wild and eternally hungry; if turned a blind eye to, they can ruin an entire garden in a matter of days. Vengeance is a weed in the fertile soil of your heart; and it nourishes itself by killing everything that tries to grow around it." "I'm sorry, but that's pacifistic bullshit," I snap, to my own surprise. "Do I let the world walk all over me then? Should I not stand up to everything that tries to push me back into the dirt?" "So, you will let the world decide what grows in your garden?" the lady asked, still smiling. "One of the things I find fascinating in the world is how, when a rose is crushed under a foot, manages to smell even sweeter. Let the world bury you deep beneath, but never forget you're the gardener and the seed. Rise above the Earth, turn your face towards the sun and show the world you know how to tend to yourself." A sudden exhaustion takes root in me, sapping me of all my whatever force had kept me alive. My eyes fill up at the thought of all the years I'd wasted in chasing what felt right, but now feels incredibly futile. "To start a garden, you must dig a lot of holes." she says, walking towards me. She keeps one hand on my shoulder and hands me her water pail with the other. "You wanted slow, fulfilling vengeance, here it is. Start over. Turn the fallow land into one willing to nourish life. Fill the holes in your garden with the right seeds. Become the gardener your heart desperately needs." r/whiteshadowthebook 