
Being born with the ability to crumble and pulverise even the hardest of objects in the world, it really came as a surprise when I found out that the most effortless tasks requires the most effort for me to do. Meet my bane: soft objects. &nbsp; "Mom! I'm going over to Emilia's for dinner to meet her parents, so I won't be home till late," I said, while scrambling for my car keys and adding the final touchups to my hair. Faded shave with an undercut, coupled with a neat backcomb the likes of David Beckham and Marco Reus would be jealous of, I was sure to charm Emilia's parents off their seats as the suave and handsome boyfriend that was in tandem with their gorgeous and precious daughter. &nbsp; "When is my turn to have her over for dinner? You have been talking about her for ages and yet I can only picture her as a hot lady with an ass to die for and a killer rack. I can't even put a face to her name! Do bring her over soon, gosh, just thinking about having her over for dinner really excites me! I wonder how many children..." &nbsp; "Mom! Please! As promised, I'll bring her home soon enough, but I gotta go now so see you later!" &nbsp; "Remember to be EXTRA careful around their expensive China vases and diamond rings when you shake their hands; and most importantly, remember to use... er herm...protection," Mom said, giving me a wink. &nbsp; I rolled my eyes and gave her a smile. What more can I say to a Mom that witty? &nbsp; I was greeted by Emilia, flanked by her parents, at the porch. She gave me a tight hug, and I returned it likewise. Hands shot out simultaneously and I was careful to scrutinise them before wrapping my fingers around the parts that avoided those diamond rings. After the formalities, I was invited inside for dinner and boy must I be lying if I said that the food wasn't good. In fact, it was lovely and different flavours worked in symphony and tantalised my tastebuds after every bite, begging for more. &nbsp; Of course, the hardest part of the dinner was trying to cut the soft chicken that was immersed in the heavenly broth, it took a whole lot of teeth baring and muscles straining before I managed to slice off a teeny piece of meat. Did I just say hardest? God almighty, when Emilia came to serve her special mashed potatoes that were soft and creamy, I was left mouth agape. &nbsp; I had to feign ignorance and avoid the mashed potatoes or I would be deemed as a failure for not even being able to make an indent in it. So, when Emilia served it, my first reaction was that of question and puzzlement. "What's that?" I asked. &nbsp; "Er... mashed potatoes?" Emilia's dad said. &nbsp; "Oh, never heard of a potato, looks pretty good." &nbsp; They shot me an incredulous look and we went back and forth about not hearing and eating a potato before. &nbsp; "Enough is enough. You're fucking with us. Admit it," Emilia's dad said. &nbsp; "Sir, before today I never heard of a potato. I still don't know what a potato is, other than some kind of food. I don't know what to tell you." &nbsp; That's when her dad started yelling at me, and Emilia started crying and went to another room, while her mom kept saying "what are you doing?". &nbsp; Her dad asked me to get out of the house and I told him that I didn't deserve to be treated that way as I had not heard of a potato before, and he didn't seem happy to hear that. &nbsp; Back home, I'm telling Emilia that I really don't know what a potato is. The only solution to this problem is for them to buy into the fact that I didn't know what a potato is. &nbsp; Not that I wanted it, but I really hoped that I wasn't born with the power to break hard objects and cower at soft ones. In the end, the only thing that I managed to break with my power was to break up with Emilia. 