
It was a trick, it had to be. I stared into the mirror, at the grotesque wiry figure in front of me as I pulled my face into the various ugly expressions. The thing in the mirror copied every move that I made. I shook my head. "This isn't right." Vampires were dark, tall, strong, and *sexy*. They seduced their prey to walk out into the shadows, away from the comforts of their home. How could I look like *this*? "Carol," I called and a woman appeared from the shadows. She had smooth mocha brown skin and hazel eyes that could entice even the most stringent human. She had always been the one to seduce our meals and up until now, I figured she just enjoyed it more than me. "Seth," she hissed into my ear. Her tongue flicked onto my earlobe. Usually, that would be enough to flush my body in heat, but not today, because she appeared normal in the mirror. Hell, she looked even hotter. "Do you see this?" I asked, probing the glass with a finger. Her brow crunched. "Wow, I can see myself. This will make putting on makeup so much easier!" "Well, sure, but do you see the vampire next to you?" She chuckled. "Of course, my little devil." And she nibbled on my ear. I pushed her away. "Get off me. This is serious. Have I always looked like... you know.... this?" Carol pouted and sighed. "What of it Seth? I think you're fine just the way you are." "Fine?" I found it hard to keep my voice level. That was another story I was told--vampires were always cool and calm. Apparently, that was also a lie. "Fine!? I look like someone took an egg beater to Michael Moore's face!" She giggled at that one. I did not. "I'm serious!" I cried. "Is this why I'm never invited to the vampire orgies?" All she could do was shrug as she kept trying to stifle laughter. "Seth," she said in between laughs. "We've been together for nearly a decade. So what if you look like this?" "So what? You're like a Greek statue and I'm the shit some dog took at its feet! Wait a second, why is it that you found me ten years ago. I remember I was starving and you stumbled into me with a college fratboy to share." Carol looked away, her smile gone. Suddenly, it dawned on me. "That wasn't by accident," I said. She nibbled on her lip. "The other vampires thought you'd starve to death and I kinda drew the short stick." "Damn it!" "But Seth, there's more to being a vampire than being sexy. You're as much of a vampire as anyone." "Oh yeah? Is that what they say in all those vampire orgies?" Carol groaned and grabbed her head. "I haven't *been* to one in almost a decade." "Oh, sorry I'm holding you back. Don't stop on my account!" "God damn it, Seth. Can we just drop this? Get rid of that mirror and just pretend this never happened. I have a nice middle-aged vegan in our bedroom. I was hoping to surprise you"--she paused a breath--"It's our anniversary after all," she squeaked. "Yeah? Why do you think I bought this mirror. I wanted you to see how pretty you were, I just didn't realize that it'd show how--" Carol lunged on top of me faster than I did our first fratboy together back when I was starving. A smile stretched across her face. "Seth," she said, "that's so sweet." "Well I mean, you always talked about how hard it was to put on makeup and I never thought you really knew just how beautiful you were..." Carol pressed her lips into mine and my words cut. I closed my eyes and pulled her into me. "God I love you," she whispered. Sure, I could've been the ugliest thing to ever live, but god damn did I feel sexy. --- --- /r/jraywang for 5+ stories a week and 100+ stories already written! --- Big ups to /u/koulnis! Here's [A Reading of this Story!](https://soundcloud.com/koulnis/vampire-story-read) 