
I had expected I would have to call security. For some reason, poor Mrs. Palmer had quite a few unauthorized visitors trying to see her in her dying days. The grapevine gossip was that she had a huge estate and an iffy will and relatives were already fighting over who'd get what. So I'd been looking past the young woman to Ramon at the nurse's station, hand already lifting in the classic 'call me' form before I paused, struck by his puzzled expression, and the way he was looking directly at me, as if the woman wasn't even standing there. I put on the most sincere expression I could muster and held up one finger to the woman. Then I channeled a bit of my inner Will Smith showing off Jada, making subtle jazzy motions to indicate the woman in front of me. He cracked a bewildered smile, still furrowing his brow at me, but making no motion to grab the phone. I was about to engage in further hand-signaling shenanigans when a glint of metal flashed in front of my face. Behind the scythe now pointed at my face, I beheld in a different light the 5ft nothing woman with short curls, freckled skin, and what now stood out to me as unnaturally pale eyes that faced me. "I said," she began in a long-suffering tone that indicated it was far from the first time she had repeated herself, "how are you able to see me?" "With my own two eyes miss," I drawled, hands up in a placating gesture but deciding to act as if nothing was wrong. "And contacts because I'm blind as a bat. Now I'm going to have to ask you to leave again, this time for brandishing a weapon in the hospital. How the hell did you even get that past the front desk?" One hand drifted down to frantically mime "CALL" at Ramon. I noticed an aid staring at me before disappearing into the next room over. Ramon continued to stare and do nothing. The scythe was lowered, but still angled towards me. Narrowed eyes evaluated me. I sucked in more air on a breath I didn't realize I was holding. Faking calm, I tried to let it out in a fed-up sigh. "Ma'am, I've got to ask you to leave again, please." I reached out towards her, hoping to grasp an arm and steer her towards an exit, but my hand passed right through, grasping nada. She watched this, unperturbed, eyes still narrowed in concentration. Suddenly, they widened and her eyebrows went up, disappearing into a fringe. As I watched, the scythe disappeared with a quiet 'pop.' In it's place, something like a rolodex appeared, floating in midair, and she began to rifle through it with the air of an annoyed secretary. Tentatively, I reached out towards her again, waving my hand through her arm, her torso, poking at her head. She ignored me now. Ramon apparently decided he no longer could. In an exaggeratedly loud voice, at the same time I felt firm hands steer me away and behind the safety of the nurse's station, I heard him saying "Sara, I know you like to see people's genuine reactions, but the hospital floor is not the place to practice your act. The auditions aren't for another month." Under his breath, I heard a muttered "Sara what the fuck is going on with you." I neglected to answer, because the woman had just turned and smiled disarmingly at me. I felt something like a notecard materialize in my hand and looked down to see an address and a time, with small, measured letters spelling out a message underneath, "Phase One Debrief is necessary. Resurrection error code 43: failure to remove afterlife perception." I looked up from reading it just in time to watch her slip into the room. Ramon was still staring at me, waiting for an answer. In slow motion, I witnessed Gina, the aid who had been staring at me earlier, step into Mrs. Palmer's room. She rushed back out. "SHE'S CODING." I ran in with her and Ramon, only to find her already gone. It was just us and the now deceased Mrs. Palmer in the now crowded hospital room. The woman was nowhere to be seen. The card was still in my hand. 