
Zachary stood still when a wooden door creaked slowly open. Morgan, Adam, and Penny took a step backwards from the door. Zachary held his ground curling his fists. "Ah!" A person dressed up in fake bloody rags ran in screaming from the dark room. Morgan and Penny both jumped while Adam crossed his arms behind Zachary. "Seriously?" Zachary replied. "I paid forty bucks for this? This haunted house sucks!" The actor who was covered in bloody rags raised a plastic knife that didn't even look realistic. "That's the last forty bucks you'll ever spend," he whispered in a hiss. "Come on, this place is nothing but a rip-off." Zachary waved for Morgan and the others to follow behind. Adam and Penny looked at each other before they shrugged. The actor lowered his plastic knife while the others went into the next room. When Zachary was the first to step into the next room, another actor came out to scream before Zachary put up his hand and said, "Please don't, we're leaving." Morgan laughed when she saw how poorly each prop was made. Adam leaned over touching a body prop that looked as if it was made from a cheap mold. "Let's just get out of here already." Zachary pushed open the exit leading back into the entrance lobby for the haunted house. "What?" Adam pushed passed Penny and Morgan. The group entered the lobby where they had waited to go into the haunted house. Zachary and the others froze when the gentleman at the front counter was leaning over the register. Blood was dripping down onto the tile with boot prints stamped in circles. The ropes where people were waiting in line had been knocked over. "I'm guessing you're not getting a refund?" Adam whispered over Zachary's shoulder. "What happened to everyone waiting in line?" Zachary lifted the cashier's hand when the guy suddenly jumped up moaning in pain. A knife was wedged into his eye socket making Penny and Morgan latch onto each other before screaming. "This has to be fake." Zachary stepped in closer examining the cashier. "I have to say this is more like it." "I don't know Zach, something doesn't seem right." Adam took a few steps back. "I mean it even smells in here." "Don't be fooled." Zachary laughed while dropping the cashier's hand. The cashier fell back over onto the register before a light fixture exploded in the corner of the room sparking a flame. "That's real!" Penny screamed. "That's a real fire!" Adam and Penny both darted towards the front door that led back out into the parking lot. The door was somehow locked from the outside. Morgan grabbed a stool and threw it into the glass. Morgan, Adam, and Penny without any hesitation slipped through the shattered door. Penny cut her leg while pushing herself out. Zachary tilted his head back towards the flames rising into the ceiling. Smoke started to make everything in the room unclear. A shadow of a man walked into the door frame of where they exited the haunted house. Zachary's hairs stood up when his spine twisted in uncertainty. *It is fake,* he assured himself. "Zach!" Penny yelled from the parking lot. Zachary pushed himself through the door crunching the broken glass beneath his sneakers. "Oh my god." Zachary replied when noticing all of the parked cars in the lot were gone. "Where the hell is my car?" Adam shouted as he rested his hands atop his head. Smoke started to slither from the haunted house. Zachary and the others all turned around to see a man pushing himself from the door behind them. Morgan believed it was someone trying to escape the fire before her eyes noticed the figure holding a knife. "Zachary, this is real. Don't be stupid. Something is really going on here." Adam grabbed onto Zachary's shoulder. Zachary planted his feet. He watched as the figure started to walk towards the group in the parking lot. "I'm out of here." Morgan turned around to run. "No! Morgan wait!" Adam turned around to take off after her into the woods. "Guys, wait for me!" Penny followed. Zachary was the only one left in the parking lot watching the figure slowly emerge from the smoke. Zachary squinted trying to identify the person before a street lamp flickered on from behind. The man holding the knife was the same actor from the room with the slow creaking door. Zachary noticed that the knife he was holding wasn't the cheaply made plastic one he had earlier. This knife looked real. The actor proved the knife's reality when he cut into his own hand in front of Zachary. The actor smiled while rotating his hand to let the blood drip down onto the concrete. "That's the last forty bucks you'll ever spend," the actor hissed. "You have a two-minute head start." There was something inside of Zachary's stomach that told him to run. Zachary turned around to run into the woods that surrounded the parking lot and the haunted house. "What am I doing," Zachary stopped. "This whole thing has to be fake." A knife impaled the tree next to him. It was the same knife the actor was holding. Zachary's muscle reflex kicked in. Zachary ran deep into the woods only to become separated from the others. *** To read more of my stories, visit [r/13thOlympian] (https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/) 