
Captain's Log Number 62. 0600, Day 25 after commencement of Operation Swordfall. This is a message from Knight Captain Zerraxi Rascirson of the recon relay ship "HMS Percifus" to all ships of the Empire. Anyone who picks up this message is to forward it immediately to the Ozirian Imperial high command and his Majesty. Operation Swordfall has resulted in the worst possible outcome thought impossible by the simulations. Primitive occupants of planet E4R5 in galaxy T087 of the Xenolan cluster have advanced down a tech tree much different than our own. All of our musketmen were decimated within 20 minutes of contact by repeating muskets which each achieved a fire rate per minute equivalent to an entire brigade. The ER45ians seem to either have extreme dexterity or have found alternate means of creating a mini Qylantem reaction without killing the operator. No further information about E4R5's muskets were obtained as all expeditionary forces with the exception of this vessel were wiped out. We survived only because we were on a routine recon mission near one of E4R7's moon. Knights in orbit did not fare much better. The mothership was disabled by what could only have been suicide ships carrying solar fragments. The escort fleet suffered a similar fate. The fervor of our enemy burnt with such intensity that prompted them to lay down their lives without hesitation. Not 1 out of the 1008 suicide ships that struck the fleet showed any signs of hesitation. Not 1 deviated from their intended target. One even struck a city on the planet's surface which we believe the E4R5ians called Moscow. It would seem that they had the leisure to engage in infighting despite external threats. It is now apparent that we have awakened what should have been left dormant. The scourge that is the natives of E4R5 were born in warfare. Molded by warfare. They have never known peace since their genesis. We merely adopted warfare after discovering the ability to propel our ships using Qylantem drives to beyond the speed of light. Of course we would be no match against these madmen who dedicated all their advancements to war. This will be the last message broadcasted from the HMS Percifus. As of 0200 this morning, the 5 remaining crew have voted to take the only possible action to contain this scourge. The nearest reinforcements will take more than 3 years to arrive in this sector. By then it would be too late. They have boarded the mothership and it's only a matter of time before they can replicate the Qylantem drives. Our vessel does not have the fuel to make the jump to the nearest Ozirian outpost nor the food supply to hold out any longer. As Knights we will lay down our lives for the Empire rather than die a coward's death. Using the enemy's own tactics, we will accelerate the Percifus using all remaining fuel to just below the speed of light in a collision course with E4R5. This 7000 ton recon vessel should be enough to cause a chain reaction that will destroy the surface of the planet rendering it uninhabitable. However, this will not be the end of the scourge. Those scum that have boarded the mothership, HMMS Resyus, will most likely survive and seek revenge. For the glory of the Empire, destroy them and not let the sacrifice of the expeditionary force be in vain. Avenge us. Captain Zerraxi out. First prompt ever. Hope you guys like it. Edit- Minor text fixes. 