
"How are you feeling today, Miss Comet? You were rather burnt-out last time I spoke to you. Have things improved much?" I lounged into my chair, ready for a story. I could just tell tonight would be a long night. She seemed ready to burst into flames, anger boiling within her core, yet she held her composure. Sitting down in a stiff wooden chair I had placed for my guests. "Horrible. Burnt out doesn't even describe the feeling anymore. I feel empty. How does a lady that catches on fire ever feel burnt out? Ugh. I sometimes envy you. You are one of the few people not caught up in this hero rat race. A normal person in a world of freaks." She sighed, pulling off her mask, blonde curls following as she discarded the mask. "Heh, burnt out. I didn't even notice the joke at first. I think you are developing a sense of humor, Miss Comet. You are wrong though, in a world where heroes are normal, I'm the freak. The person who goes against the norm is the people considered the freak. Have you considered a holiday?" "A holiday in this city? With the amount of villains? You must be dreaming. I wish I could lay my head down, but if I did, it would be at the cost of lives." Comet dragged her fingers through her hair, foot tapping quickly against the floor, skin burning as if it was about to catch alight, only to dim a moment later. "Easy, I know its hard for you, but burning down my home won't help you. You don't owe the people out there anything. If you take time off, another hero will fill in. There's plenty of you around, I'm sure you will be fine. Last I heard you outnumber the villains three to one. Those are good odds." I couldn't help but find some amusement in her stress. Seeing the hero on the verge of a breakdown was fun to watch. Made me feel a lot better about my condition. "Sure, there are plenty of heroes. I just know I would blame myself if something were to happen while I was away. I swore an oath to protect this-" "Protect this city. Yes, the same oath that every person who comes here took. The oath is little more than a childish way to secure your loyalty. It's the equivalent of making you write your name before giving you your pen license. Something meaningless. At the end of the day, if you keep this up, you might not have the will to shine anymore." Miss Comet looked agitated, my words lighting a fire in her. She went to stand, only to pause, placing herself back in the seat. She collected her mask, placing it back over her head. "You're somewhat right. I don't completely agree with you, but I understand where you are coming from. Not taking time off will hurt my heroic feats in the long-term. Maybe a break would help me. Then I could come back refreshed. A week or two of no pesky people screaming for help would be lovely." Miss Comet slouched back, looking as though she was visualizing her holiday, a smile creeping onto her lips. "I think that's a great idea. Hopefully, that helped you ease your mind a little." As much as I enjoyed seeing heroes frustrated, I had many others to go through tonight, not wanting to spend all night with Miss Comet. "Yeah, thanks for the help. You might not have powers, but you sure save a lot of us heroes. I think I'll book one for next Monday." With that she got up, giving me a wave before leaving through my window. I waited until she was out of sight, heading towards my phone, making a note of what she had told me. I'm sure a villain would pay handsomely to find out when one of the heroes was going to be away. It would make it easier for them to commit their crimes in her region. Maybe I could see if Stunner would be interested? I would give him a good discount. Before I could make any phonecalls, another hero knocked on my door. I hit the voice record button on my phone before sliding it into my pocket, moving to answer the door. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; (If you enjoyed this feel free to check out my subreddit /r/Sadnesslaughs where I'll be posting more of my writing.) 