
Static. John stared at the radio, thumbing the power button, but no matter how many times he turned it on, it stayed off. *Radio blackout until... I'm sorry John, God help us all.* The words repeated themselves, over and over in John's head until it drowned out the shushing white noise that had enveloped the ISS. "What the hell?" John turned, but remembered he was alone. More than alone, right now, he was probably the loneliest man in the universe--not another human for a thousand miles. Sarah and Jake used to keep him company, but they left the previous week. John was supposed to follow as soon as he had finished doing a full systems check, but it had taken longer than expected. So they left him behind along with one working shuttle and a handwritten note that read 'smell you later'. Sarah's work no doubt. "ISS to Houston, do you copy?" Static. "ISS to Houston, please respond." But all he got back was the soft beeps and groans of the ISS. The radio crackled and came to life. "John? Can you hear me?" It was Sarah. John swiped the receiver and pressed it to his lips. "Loud and clear, Sarah. The hell is going on?" "John, it doesn't matter," she said. "The hell is that supposed to mean? Why do we need to maintain radio silence?" John rushed through his words, spitting into the mic. "What do you see down there? Sarah, please, is this a joke?" "John," she said like it was the end of a sigh. "Do you remember back when we boarded the ISS, that very first glimpse of the Earth? There was near zero cloud coverage and we were on the wrong side of the sun. Our cities shined brighter than the stars." John kept silent and nodded. "Well," she continued. "Do me a favor. Don't look again. I know it's stupid, but I want that... at least for it be beautiful. I don't expect you to understand, just--" But John had already dropped the receiver and was scrambling toward the observation deck. He ran into what looked like an IMAX theatre, except instead of a screen, it was all window, and he stared as the sun peeked over the Earth's cusp. And when it did, John's planet stayed dark. The ocean blues, desert yellows, and forest greens all shone in the same pitch black. John's breath caught and his hands went clammy. He blinked and stared, blinked and stared, but the image remained. It was a hand, a black hand wrapped around the planet. Its fingers extended across the oceans, cutting continents in half and blocking any sunlight from reaching the ground. "What the fuck," John muttered as he traced the hand to its wrist, up its arms, and all the way towards Jupiter where the thing stood, its face like a human's. Its eyes were the cracked red of sleepless nights and its lips parted in a wide smile that revealed a mandible of colossal teeth. And ever so slowly, it dragged the Earth into its mouth. 