
The three strange figures stepped up to the podium. All eyes were on them. The first, tall by human standards and blue skinned, raised it's arm. "I am Jego-Pel of the Itirian Collective. I am the leader of the Emergency Contact Force." Jego-Pel stepped back, another stepped forward, it's skin looked silver and shiny, Thinner parts almost looked see-through. "I am called Sim of the Fey." it's skin changed to bronze and it smiled. The third being stepped forward. It had thick scales all over it's face making it look like a moving mountain side. It's voice was deep and gravelly as it spoke. "I shall be know as Ite. I am a Geoten" Ite and Sim stepped back. The blue Jego-Pel retook centre stage. "We apologise for such a sudden first contact. We understand your people have for many years yearned for confirmation of other life in space. I believe honesty is the best path forward. You species was deemed dangerous. We studied you 800 of your Solar Rotations ago and found you a warring race. Barely able to work towards a mutual benefit. We see much has changed in the intervening rotations." There was a few moments of muttering around the room as various translators did their work. The collection of world leaders looked on in stoic anticipation. "We come to you with an offer. One we hope you'll accept. Our races are part of a galactic empire. Working together in peace. But we have been attacked by a race far more savage than our own. The Anguillans. We do not have warrior sects like you humans do. We do not excel in combat, having forgotten the need and the skills. We wish to employ humanity to fight this war for us. Remove the threat from our empire and be granted a full membership into the peaceful empire in return. We offer all of our technology to aid in this war. Please, Trillions of innocent lives depend of your acceptance of this offer." Jego-Pel stopped and bowed, joined by the other two. There was a moments silence before a cacophony of shouts and calls. --- ** 10 Years Later ** "Sir, we've received a report from the Gamma-Zulu sector. The last of the Geoten resistance has fallen. They did not surrender so were all killed. They are now officially extinct." said a human officer stood next to the large chair on the bridge of a star ship. "Excellent. With the Fey surrendering last year and the Geotans now gone. Only 6 more species stand in our way. Regroup the fleet and inform ISS HQ." said the human in the large chair. The gold adorned uniform setting him out as someone of high rank. "Aye Admiral" "Set course. Itirian Sector. Prepare weapons for instant assault" The Admiral turned to his aide. "Smell that? You smell that? Ionized Mega-Neutron Depleters, son. Nothing else in our galaxy smells like that. I love the smell of Ionized Mega-Neutron Depleters in the morning." 