
Whimpers filled the chamber. Whimpers that escalated and crescendoed into pleas for help and mercy which, in turn, gave way for cries of exquisite agony. Cries that the guards outside did not pay heed to. King Ailant struggled against his bonds, but to little avail. The tendons in his arms had been torn painfully from his flesh, rendering him as helpless as a newborn. He managed to strain his neck upwards in spite of the agony wracking him, sweat and dried blood matting his hair to his head. "*Say it*," the cold, dispassionate voice of his tormenter commanded. King Ailant slumped forward, his bones creaking as he shook his head, a slight sob escaping him. A burst of white-hot pain lanced across his back as the whip bit into it, flaying his pale flesh; nine tails of wrath, tearing at him with a bitter vengeance. A hand clasped his cheek tightly, forcing him to look at the face of the beast that had him at their mercy. A beautiful face, it was. Marred only by disgust and the exertions of a torturer. Bright, blue eyes hardened with hate, porcelain skin dripping with sweat. Golden hair cut short, no longer flowing as it was once was. Ailant could scarcely recognise his daughter. That was what death and contempt did to a person; aged them far more than the unfaltering flow of time ever could. She looked every bit the callous ruler he was, and a crown hadn't even been placed on her head. He hoped it never would. For her sake, more than his. A clear tear dripped from her eye, rolling down her cheek and falling to the floor. "*Say it*," she said again, her voice cracking pitifully this time. Ailant opened his mouth to say something - a word of comfort, a word of scorn, anything he could muster - but naught came out. Only a long, pained groan. His throat was raw and dried, no longer capable of sounding anything other than cries of pain. Elise quickly realised this and reached for something at her side, producing a flagon of wine. She tipped Ailant's head back, and poured the liquid down his throat. He felt some of the ache in him ease as he licked the excess of the sweet nectar from his lips, the rawness in his throat ebbing away. The liquid continued pouring, even once his thirst was sated, and he began to choke. He was drowning now, his body squirming as the swathes of wine filled his throat. He spluttered, tears beginning to fill his eyes. Drowning in decadence; even with his pain-addled mind, the irony was not lost upon him. His daughter suddenly dropped to her knees, the flagon tumbling out of her hands as she let out an anguished scream. She leaned forward, her arms wrapping around his legs, her nails digging into his flesh. "Father, please..." She buried her head against him. "Your Kingdom, does it mean anything to you? Just say the words, be done with it." "*I...*" Ailant's laboured breaths filled the room. "*I don't want to die.*" Ever the coward. Ever the selfish. His daughter looked up to him, all semblance of emotion draining from her face faster than blood gushing from a slit throat. She rose to her feet, and unsheathed the dagger at her side, pressing it to Ailant's exposed neck. It wouldn't kill him, they both knew that. But the threat was still sharper and more evident than any blade's edge. The promise it carried; that his daughter was more than willing to kill him for the sake of the Kingdom. The cold steel made him shudder. "I will hurt you," Elise continued. "Again and again, and again. However many times I must. Until our crops die, our rivers go barren, and our children's children grow grey hairs. That is how long I'm willing to wait until you die, father. That is what it means to be a sovereign." The blade chewed further, ruthlessly consuming skin and sinew alike. Any longer and Ailant wouldn't be able to breathe; like before, he'd be suffocating until his throat healed, writhing in the agony of perpetually drowning and choking on his own blood. It was a fate worse than death. Ailant's breath faltered, his heart thumped against his chest like drums of war. He looked to his daughter's eyes, and then down to his body, mutilated beyond recognition. He bit down on his tongue, feeling blood well up in his mouth. Finally, the words, the fated curse, escaped his lips. "*Please, kill me*," he croaked. His daughter's innocence had long been lost; this he now saw, with wide, teary eyes, filled with loss. She was no longer the girl he'd once loved. There was nothing to protect her from, for she'd already experienced the cruelty of the court tenfold in this chamber alone. She would be Queen, and she would know his suffering as a sovereign. "*Kill me!*" Death heard the call, and Death obeyed. --- /r/coffeeandwriting 