
If you're reading this, then I have probably been gone for some time now. See, after the random power surge that started all this mess, I have been thinking. And I have been thinking hard. And I'm tired of all this. The world has changed, and it has changed into something so grotesque, I hate it now. At first, it was pretty civil. There were people left and right, running around, trying out and testing their powers, seeing what they can do. I had some pretty good in-game experiences, and I just didn't want people to know I had powers, so I just hid in my room and watch it all play out. The news were full with interviews with all these people, how they got their powers, how it has changed their life and all that jizz. Now there were mages and elves and all kinds of wonderful wizards and witches. I'd even heard of a Witcher spotting in a rural part of Siberia. People had started to realise the potential of this thing and use it for their benefit. Then things started getting a little out of hand. You would walk down the street and see some Fortniters building in the middle of the road and blocking the traffic. Some wizard accidently Stunned a passerby with their wand and the victim's family pressed charges on them. Soon there were incidents left and right; incidents of bank robberies, theft and murders. Fortunately for us, a group of superheros banded together and rounded the ones getting out of line. Nowadays, things have gotten quiter. Sure, most of the bad guys have been put in jail by now, and the superheros patrol the streets. Everyone else seems happy about it. But I just can't help but wonder. Why are the super heroes doing this for free? I mean, one moment you had family, bills and mortgages to pay, stuffs to do and the next you just leave to patrol the streets for free? No one does anything for free. I didn't want to; trust me I really didn't want to use my powers. But I had to. So I got out one fine weekend and decided to see what I can find. Of course, I used a disguise. And I must say, I wished I had gone out sooner. Now, I do not know if you understand the full extent of my powers, so I'd just like to clear a few things out now. See when the surge happened, I was playing Minecraft in 2019 with multiple mods on. I know, some people would have disapproved but here I am. Anyway, I wanted to try out a new redstone contraption so I had just jumped into creative mode. I had most of my armour intact and enabled then and just as I was going to flip the lever, it happened. So now, I could have infinite materials, teleport or go through anything in Spectator mode. So back to the present, I started by spying on the superheros. I went to their headquarters and saw the papers. Apparently they were hired by the government on contract. Basically, they could go anywhere and do anything they wanted to anyone without the government interfering at all. That's just anarchy. And everyone was celebrating it. Next, I found a paycheck from a government facility, so naturally I teleported there next. I do not wish to recall what I saw there, because to this day, I wish I could erase it from my mind. The government was experimenting on the prisoners and trying to figure out a way to replicate the effect and build a super army. The most horrifying part was, because of respawn enabled, most of the prisoners were probed to death only to be revived moments later and continued on. I could not sleep that night. And with all this power at my fingertips, I felt helpless. This was one government facility in one country. Imagine what a powerful country with billions of dollars in military spending. I am but one man. What can I do? I can't. There is nothing I can do really. Going against the government means going against the superheros too. Even if I win over them all, then what? Become a ruler? I don't know jackshit about politics let alone ruling the world. Form a government? Another government would rise and they would do the same. There is no point in doing anything at all. So I've decided. I'll be moving to my underground bunker I've built under the basement of my house. I have built my food and resources farm and my own mine system. I'll be enjoying at my crafting station as I smell the sweet smell of iron smelting. I'll travel to the nether. I'll kill the Ender Dragon for the 100th time. I'll built the most glorious Minecraft bunker the world is never going to see. Maybe years from now, after most of the humans die to a nuclear attack, I'll rise in the ashes of the fallout. We'll see. Edit: sorry for the bad English, it's my second language. I hope you enjoy. 