
My mother shifted her gaze from my face to the floor, back up to my face. She was wringing her hands in that way I knew so well. My father's dark eyes bore into me from beneath heavy eyebrows. His calm demeanor was betrayed only by a barely visible tension in his jaw. As they awaited my response; the silence in the room was palpable. I expect they were bracing themselves, but for what? Shock, most likely. Perhaps anger. Perhaps elation. Perhaps a mixture of each one. They would be wrong on all counts. "Okay," I said. A single word which I uttered calmly. My father jerked, taken aback by my unanticipated response. My mother continued to stare at the floor, although I noticed her eyes widen slightly. My father cleared his throat, and began to speak again. "Son, you must understand... Your Mother and I only withheld this information from you because we believed it would teach you the importance-" "Information you have already thoroughly conveyed to me," I interrupted. My father's face reddened, as the muscles in his jaw tightened further still. Heavy silence hung in the air once more. I exhaled deeply, and closed my eyes. "Mother. Father. Thank you for telling me all of this. I believe that your intentions were good, and I am grateful." I began to stand up, before my mother spoke. "Matthew, wait." Her voice quavered, and the sheen of her eyes reflected light which streamed through the living room window. "Your Father and I were thinking that you could perhaps use some of this money for... A trip of sorts. Something that would make you happy. You can go anywhere you want. How about a tour around Europe? You've always wanted to see..." she trailed off, noticing the expression of pain on my face which I was no longer able to mask. "Thank you, Mom," I said quietly, before getting up and leaving the room. Walking down the corridor, I heard her begin to sob. I lay on my bed and closed my eyes. *Today my parents told me we are billionaires, and it changes nothing at all* It had been 54 days. You always reminded me of summer; because your hair was the colour of corn, and the sky was in your eyes. I felt the thorny branch, the one which twisted around my heart. When I thought of your smile, it constricted. When I heard the echo of your laugh in my head, it tore until the pain in my chest was almost intolerable. No amount of money could ever bring you back. And all the riches in the world could not change the simple fact: That perhaps I could have saved you. *** *edit - ambiguity, by suggestion of a reader. Thanks :)* 