
"This lamb is *raw*," the blonde-haired man hissed, poking at his plate discontentedly and peering at the meat. "Hush," Peter said, glaring across the table. "How did you come here? What is your name?" Who was this man, dressed impeccably in white, as if to try and blend in among them? He was no disciple, that was certain. "Name's Gordon Ramsay. Fucked if I know, mate, I tore some wannabe, wackjob scientist a new one for insulting my food and ended up here," he muttered. "Told him his tastebuds were as poor as those time-travelling abilities he kept blathering about, guess he sent me here as a response. That's the only thing that makes any fucking sense, anyway, isn't it?" In the middle of the table, a long-haired man was breaking bread apart and handing it out. "This is my body," he said solemnly, and Ramsay bit into it, nose wrinkled in disgust. "Are you a dried up husk, too?" the man coughed, eyes streaming as he gulped his wine and spat that out, too. "Oh, God. You turned this wine into fucking water, didn't you?" Jesus took a calming breath and met the red-faced man's gaze. Truly, he longed for him to be gone from their company, but one could not banish a guest. "That wine is my blood of the covenant, which is poured out for many for the forgiveness of sins," he tried to explain. Ramsay merely snorted, eyeing the liquid in the cup. "Oh, really? I don't forgive *this* sin." "Be silent, wretch," one of the disciples whispered as Jesus tried to continue. He had turned his face from Ramsay and was now in the midst of a speech about some alleged betrayer. "It is the one to whom I will give this piece of bread when I have dipped it in the dish..." "I'm sorry, dip it in *what*? What's that made of, the tears of disappointment of these poor sods?" Ramsay asked in horror, as Jesus dunked the bread into an thin, watery sauce. "Believe me, I'd betray you too if you smeared my bread through that." Jesus tried to hand the bread to Judas, but Ramsay dove forward and grabbed it. "No, don't eat that, for fuck's sake, I'll whip us up something better - " It was too much. The anger Jesus had been trying to contain burst free. Had this man been sent by the Devil to test his patience? "Leave this place! How did you come to be here in our midst?" he snapped. "Oh look at this guy here, not listening to anyone but himself talk," the man sneered. "I told that other guy a minute ago, *Jesus*. How did *you* wind up here, and who gave you the right to serve people shit food, that's what I'd like to know?" "Well, I came here upon a..." "Fucking donkey," Ramsay interrupted, and strode from the room. -------- *Edited a little bit following feedback on Jesus' character.* Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. 