
In 1949 I was born in a simple mold used by the treasury to mint millions of me. Though one in a set of innumerable copies, I knew I was important to keeping the world revolving and rolling. So when I went on my first big excursion to the bank, the treasurer promised great things for me. First given as change, I traveled in a short, hairy man's pocket, who used me almost immediately for petrol on his way to his family. War torn and weary from the great unpleasantness of the preceding conflict before my time, my presence reassured him of the inherent political stability that won over the Eastern threat, and more importantly, I helped him obtain transportation to his family, who only a few years prior, he was unsure if he'd ever see again. In the cash register, I quickly turned over as change to a man who bought cigarettes, who in turn delivered me to buy a paper, telling all the inconsequential details of some facet of the world. The retailer used me to buy another stand, and then the retailer used me as change from the purchase of a stool. Traveling in a woman's purse this time, I stay in the bottom of her possessions for quite some time, until a rather unpleasant vagabond asked her for change, so she dug me out from the depths of her purse to deliver a small token of charity. In the hands of Richard, a man whose life left him for his raging alcoholism, we traveled in the streets of London for a while, collecting me with a dozen of my compatriots. We all watched in horror as he held out with shaky hands to a liquor store clerk, counting us out individually to prove his ability to buy whatever bottom-shelf whiskey he appreciated the most. From there, I traveled from register to pocket to purse all around the United Kingdom and, on aboard a ship, I found myself in northern France as a rather wealthy Londoner spilled me out of his pocket and onto the hot concrete of a sidewalk. I stayed there for hours, baking in the sun, totally unaccustomed to the pure, unabated weather, especially the sun. I found refuge, however, by a little girl, who decided I might be an excellent addition to her collection of European currency. Stuck in the bottom oh sock drawer for some time, along with the rest of her collection, I found a home for quite some time. "Oh my," she said one day, fully grown in a way a coin may never be. At least, that's what I imagined she said; I'm an English coin, so I don't really understand French. "My little collection! Oh how I forgotten about you!" I enjoyed what I imagined was her cooing, but that could just be how the French talked. "Throw them out," he mother demanded, I think. "No!" I'm pretty sure I nailed this translation. "You are too old to have a coin collection. All the other girls will make fun of you in college," the mother insisted, probably. "No, I will take my precious coins with me," the girl refuted, I imagined. She, of course, took me with the rest of her coins to America, on one of the finest colleges, where a roommate stole me from her. Careless, she lost me along with all the other currencies either in the shuffle of moving or in the bustle of parties, and I found myself once again floating the hands of the public, who freely exchanged me in a case of mistaken identity. I, however, ended up in your caring hands, who took the time to appreciate who I really am, and thought over the incredible journey that each and every one of us embarks. With those thoughts in your mind, you sparked the imagination of the internet and inspired others to think about the magnificent potential found even in just a tiny shilling. ***** More stories at r/Andrew__Wells 