
I remember. After the fiftieth death or so, I stopped crying as a baby. I remember a Roman wetnurse commenting on how uncanny it was that I never cried. She called me a curse, a jinx, and was frightened to feed me beside her own lustily-howling child. I was too busy remembering to care what she thought of me. That life did not last long; I was stoned as a young man, for what nominal crime I do not recall, but in truth for the crime of being too strange, too different. For remembering too much. In medieval Japan, I learned to speak less of my recollections and so learned to live longer. In that life, my long memory gave me wisdom that others sought out, even noblemen, though I was only a laborer's daughter. By then I had learned to temper the stories of my past with the realities of my present. The story of my hunt for antelope as my initiation to my clan in sub-Saharan Africa became a coming-of-age story of a friend's hunt for serow in the forests near my home. The story of the birth of my first son as the third wife of a tribal elder in the Arabian peninsula, I omitted entirely. In this way, I survived well into my ninth decade and saw the births of seven grandchildren and fifteen great-grandchildren. I still have difficulty crying as an infant. The first shock of awareness after a death is jarring, and I will often cry out at the first taste of air in new lungs, the first slash of light across new eyes; but I rarely wail as most infants do after that. Sometimes I weep for my family and friends lost in a previous life, alone in my crib in the dark. Sometimes I tear up in frustration as I struggle to lift a head still too large for my tiny body, or to form words that my new tongue cannot yet shape. Mostly, though, I am a pensive child, lost in memory. I lie here, at night, in my crib. I remember many cribs. Many of them have mobiles over them, toys suspended from strings that I can look at, and reach for, but never touch. The shapes and colors of the toys have changed over time. For many lives, the toys were carved of wood or woven from grasses, and represented animals that would later be a part of the landscape. With the advent of mass production came mobiles with plush stars and moons in pale pastel fabric that sang tinkly little songs as they spun in circles. With the advent of certain advances in child psychology came mobiles with black-and-white checks and bright colors, which were admittedly easier for new eyes to focus on. This new mobile was hand-made by my new mother, who eschews mass production where it fails to deliver her visions; and who, when she found that no toymaker made a suitable mobile with the planets of the solar system, crocheted one herself. I remember many mothers. I remember many daughters, many sons, many husbands and wives. I remember. EDIT: Thanks for gold! It's my first gold! And thanks for comments. This was a fun prompt. I'll definitely be doing more of this. I can't believe I didn't know about this subreddit before now... 