
//Part 2 Added The throne has been empty for billions of years now. My father once sat - or shall we say, existed on that throne when he decided to activate this universe's expansion from a singular point of infinite density. Then, BANG. Boom went the dynamite. I wasn't around at the time, but an omnipotent being does tend to get rather bored. So he pooped out us angels. We were to be perfect, beyond the scope of the chaotic swirling infinite void, and we watched with the father as the subatomic particles coalesced and bounded, creating stars and eventually planets. I found it rather entertaining, but my brothers and sisters were far more invested in the father than I. They worshiped and sang his praises, while I mostly watched. Father didn't seem to mind. In fact some of the praise seemed to confuse him. Sometimes Father sends us into their worlds to proclaim his will, but most often we're sent in to fuck shit up. Eventually, after several rounds of supernovae, planets with sufficient elements accidentally birthed simplistic lifeforms, and they bounded in oceans across the universe. Some grew into more complex forms but were never exactly what the father wanted. They lacked a certain mysterious element that father would choose to sprinkle into select creations. Some were dumb, others deviously clever, but all vicious and hungry. Eating and slurping and crunching and slopping and tearing each other to bits. Except plants. I've always liked plants. So all of a sudden these assholes in some arbitrary galaxy I can barely remember have that oh so special something, and father decides to sprinkle his golden shit all over them. He finds the biggest, baddest, most gullible dipshit among them and says 'I AM THE LORD YOUR GOD, BOW AND blah blah blah blah' I mean who actually remembers that shit anyway. In a way yes, he was their God. He was my God. He was everyone's God. But he didn't seem to actually maintain any real, genuine interest. I blame the sibling for stoking his ego from the very beginning. Then our home was flooded with their dead, these small beings with four legs and a half dozen eyes and they walked among us, fighting and fucking and eating and whatever they chose to do. I walked among the halls of my brethren as they tried to get all of these errant souls to sit in a circle and sing songs of praise. But why would you do that when you could kill each other over and over again, before eating your own leftover corpse? Now there have been dozens of species assimilated into this shit hole, and for what should be an infinite expanse of forgotten souls, it feels way too damn crowded. No one picks up their litter anymore. Then one moment, father just vanishes. Proclaims his purpose is fulfilled and dicks off to the next infinite singularity, leaving us trapped in this paradise of sin. I had to get out. The most recent version to find themselves here look like naked monkeys, and they have a fascination with my own works in particular. I am considered the antagonist to father, which has always been just wildly ridiculous to me. The omniscient, omnipotent being has something to fear from a creation that doesn't even understand his own purpose in the slightest? And the whole shit with Job - that was Gabriel's dumb ass trying to make me look bad. Nothing to do with that. Yet the most depraved of them view me as some kind of fucked up savior. I've tried to clear it up dozens of times, but they keep doing shit like killing their own babies and defiling virgins when in all honesty I just want them to leave me alone. But whatever. For some reason Father's creations have some kind of intertwined fate with us. And since I don't like to sit in a circle all day singing 'Kumbaya' I'm obviously the bad guy. The rituals of the humans contain some kind of power; or at least some kind of connection to father's power that allows some of them to transcend the natural laws of the universe. And the more amoral or just flat out evil the monkeys are, the more likely they are to summon me or some shit. They ask favors and gifts when frankly I haven't figured out how exactly to interact with the physical aspects of the universe anyway. Last time I was summoned in 1984, and I just walked right the fuck out of that weird ass temple and decided to spend time among the monkeys again. Permanently. Eventually, I'll have to go back. I have a human form but it comes with human frailty. Everyone has to go back. I just don't know why. /Part 1 