
You see, it's not that my parents don't love me. I guess I can call them parents, at least - though I suppose calling a demon your dad is a far stretch. Don't even get me started on the genetics, because apparently there's an *entire* set of rules for pledging your firstborn child to a greater entity. The downside of that, though, is that those greater entities have never been scammed. And, well.. Here I am. You get used to it, after a while. If anything, it's made certain aspects of my life easier: I can walk alone at night without any worries, I can see in the dark, and for some reason I have both exceptional bargaining skills and a way with words that would make any lawyer proud. When four of your five parents live for following their rules by the letter, you learn a few things. But there are downsides, too. The first - and only - boyfriend I ever brought home fainted when my demon dads teleported him onto our doorstep. I got wings as a gift from the faerie queen for my 10th birthday, and sometimes when I sneeze, they become visible. My witch mom once poisoned my entire kindergarten class because I was being bullied for my cat's eyes (this was before the faeries learnt that their 'gifts' should be made invisible, but at least I still have the night vision). My parents mean well, but they're not very good at parenting. Right now, they're mainly arguing in an abandoned Blockbuster's that has become their undisturbed meeting spot, an even ground for all things unearthly. Except me, because I'm still very much human. "But that's not fair! She should remain with the one she was promised to first," the faerie queen demands, her voice the sound of wind through the trees. The demons, still not used to having to bargain, let loose low growls. The witch is the only one not opening her mouth, which is smart, since it's no use arguing with demons and faeries anyway. I try to follow the conversation, until it gets to the point of which realm is best for me, and I give up, exhausted. It's still three more weeks until they have to come up with a solution for my 18th birthday anyway... Though they really have to find that solution, because never before has a human belonged to four dimensions at once. It isn't known what happens when that binding spell is undone at my 18th birthday. If I'm very honest, I'm a bit scared to find out. _____ Sorry if the layout is fucked up, I'm on mobile. Also first prompt here ever so please be kind! Tips are welcome :) 