
The Threpan data analysis force were running at full capacity. The deadline for invasion had been set, and every scrap of intelligence had to be pulled together in order to make this as smooth as possible. No one wanted to repeat the mistakes of ygan 5, 28 cycles ago. That had been a true clusterfuck. No one had predicted how the yganis would retaliate, and mention of the incident would still subdue a room in an almost superstitious silence. That whole sector had to be blacklisted afterwards. Gfrop had been part of the force for 8 cycles now, and had risen steadily through the ranks to senior analyst. He had shown his competence time and time again- earlier that cycle he'd pulled an essential bit of data on dlin 15, when it turned out the lifeform had a distributed network of fission reactors without which they were powerless. With an exploit written to bypass the primitive's security measures and cause the core of each to melt into a solid mass of slag, he had taken it to the force commander and within days the invasion was considered successful. He had been hailed a hero for that and was keen to perform again. It was only a matter of time before the unit commander, zarg 7, reached his expiration date and gfrop had his 5 eyes on the position. Earth, as it turned out, had an easily accessible distributed information network. No secure nodes, no lines buried beneath the planetary crust, not even any notable encryption. All accessible from retransmission nodes orbiting their planet. It was almost like they were asking to be invaded. A general attitude of mirth and derision had spread across the analysis team, that this lifeform could act so primitive and abashedly- humans, who do they think they are? And so it was that the analysis force plunged into the networks from their position sheltered behind earth's satellite, scouring the data for anything of use. One thing was for certain, 98% of the information was so pointless that it was unusable, and that's what fell to the virtual intelligences and lower ranked analysts to sort through, looking for the diamond in the rough- as the humans would put it. Trawling through cat pictures and mundane anecdotes and family outings. It was enough to make an analyst wish to expire. 20 days into the analysis, and 10 before the scheduled invasion, a new lead was flagged to gfrop. Weary from the deluge, he read the comments from the lower level analyst; "alarming on-planet extranormal activities". Intrigued, gfrop navigated to the resource, a website called scp wiki. Now wikis, as he had gathered, were the humans idea of verified resource management, something that had proved fantastic in determining the exact technological level humans existed at. Needless to say, the force had collectively laughed about how simple this was making it for them. Pathetic lifeforms. It was with a smirk that gfrop started to read the material, which quickly changed to one of horror. He raced through pages, genetically modified to read and process information more quickly, his fear building, his nervous system firing twitches about his body in response- a natural reaction yet to be engineered out successfully. No wonder the humans were so primitive, faced with such overwhelming threat on a day to day basis. He instantly began to correlate the information through his internal algorithms, and a conclusion was arrived at- one that caused a reactionary hormonal imbalance so strong, gfrop immediately lost consciousness. When he came to, alone in his pod, his fluid distribution system raced alarmingly as he hit the red alert. The yganis were here. On earth, of all places, 15 sectors away from their home planet. They were here. Information quickly flowed in, corroborating gfrop's conclusion- "creepypasta", scp wiki, endless boards on the "paranormal". It was undeniable the yganis were actively hunting here. Their transdimensional capabilities clearly at play, the description of their forms unarguable- the infamous ragloth, known here as slenderman apparently, who butchered entire combat squads like it was easy work, slipping through the veil of dark space like a nightmare, elongated claws shredding flesh from bone. Endless other descriptions of horrific beings, matching exactly the records of the historic conflict. It was noted the humans saw it as fiction, but there was no way the yganis could be imagined so vividly. The thought of them shook even the greatest Threpan to their core, no race would subject themselves to the imagining of such beings. It was incomprehensible a race as lowly as the humans had overcome the base instinct of fear and could produce such fables. No, the yganis were here. In short order, the Threpans fled, abandoning their plans for the planet, blacklisting it for future generations, glad not to have engaged the yganis once again. Gfrop's timely interference in what would, all agreed, have been a disastrous campaign, led to his commendation, and eventual promotion to unit commander 1.5 cycles later. Earth kept on spinning, unaware of how close it had come to its populations being enslaved and planet strip mined of all resources. 