
"Do you even remember when you were born?" Your wife calls out to you as she looked stuff up on her laptop. You lean back on your favourite chair, old and worn out but perfectly molded to your body and try to recall. "Lets see. I think I rember... no I was already old by then." You look through the ages to find your origin but powerful memories draw your consciousness towards them like interesting products at the mall. "Okay how about we retrace your life through historical figures? Sound good?" Funny thing is you had very little interaction with historical figures. You might have been an immortal but you weren't an interesting one. Well, that's a lie. You did have some fun scrapes here and there. "I remember... Shakespear!" "William Shakepear?" "No Burt, his second cousin." You grin at the missus who looks at you funny. "No but seriously I do remember attending one of his plays. The very first one. Julius Ceasar!" You smile widely, your eyes glazing over as you stare through time and relive the spleandor of the globe. Well, you think splendor, but in truth it was a bit of a dump. By modern standards anyway. Filled with the rabble. The scum. Filled with filthy humans... You blink. What the hell was that? Where did all that hatred come from? Just as soon as it flared up it was gone. A flash in the pan. "You okay honey?" "Yes. Anyway. Ceasar. Great guy. Bit of aprick." You jest. Although you have met him you think. Of course they made him look more regal than he actually was. A strong nose. You scoff. More like a beak. He too tried to stand against you but what has become of him? Nothing but a stain in the annals of... There it is again! That intense loathing. What is going on? You sit up and rub your chin, confused and quite frankly frightened by your own emotions. "Maybe this is not such a good idea honey let's stop." You smile at your wife. She smiles and then shrugs. The door opens and your daughter enters and gives you a hug. "You guys doing aight?" She sits on your lap. "Yes. Fine. Are you sure you want to have this party?" "Of course daddy! Soon as we find out about your origin." You look at your daughter as if seeing her for the first time. My origin? Why would she say it that way? "Are you allright father?" "Yes." You say almost curtly, all traces of mirth wiped from your face. My origin? Think damn it. Who wants to know? Who are these people? When did you marry this woman? When did you have this child? Somethings is amiss. Your rage builds and your mind reels but by the heavens you can't seem to focus. Meanwhile in the laboratory the team begins to panic. "The containment unit is failing sir! We need to release him soon or he will kill us all!" "No! Finding out his origin is the only way to kill him! This is our final chance!" There is an explosion. Smoke fills the room and after a brief moment of complete darkness red emergency light takes over. "You have all been very foolish. To think you would be arrogant enough." A hollow voice reverberates around the room and i side the scientists' heads. "You want to know of my origin. To kill me no doubt. I am a creature beyond time itself. Born before life. Before god. Before existence. Allow me to show you." Darkness. 