
"Honey did you remember to leave out the payment for the babysitter" Theres a long moment of tension as he waits for a response slowly he gets worried. "Honey? Don't tell me you forgot to leave payment for the babysitter" "I... I thought you left it..." my once wonderful wife replied. Dread filled my stomach as I realized what was going to happen. Although I didn't know what would happen. No one knew. In fact no one forgets to pay the babysitter. There are rumors though. Being killed in terrible ways or just being put in between dimensions to live out the sad remainder of your days. Maybe nothing, no one knew. Our kids had just left to play with their neighbors. They were safe, that's the one thing we did know, the babysitter never harmed the children. In fact it loved children it always did and always has. It cooked meals, made beds, really everything. Although it required a payment. Not money, the babysitter has no need for money. Instead it required something far more valuable. It required sacrifices. Nothing to big. Just run of the mill little sacrifices. Somehow my wife forgot. She forgot the one thing we needed. See we had forgot payment twice, the starting payment is a small rodent like mice then move up to bunnies, but we were at the chicken. She forgot to buy the chicken and put it on the counter. As I hoped for the best a storm cloud formed outside my window. I was worried what would happen. Slowly the dark cloud seeped through my walls and windows. I saw my wife slowly be engulfed by the liquid like smoke, she slowly was lost to the smoke. Once she was completely gone a sickening crimson liquid spread over the floor. I grabbed my bottle of Jack Daniels Number 7 and took a good long swig. The whisky slightly stung my throat as it went down. Slowly the smoke reached my feet. I took one last long swig as it completely engulfed me. I felt nothing at first except the aftertaste of the whisky. Then the nothingness started to hurt, almost like it was stinging. I saw my skin bubble and I screamed in pain, but no noise escaped from my mouth. Tears streamed from my face as as I slowly faded to darkness in the worst pain I've ever felt. As I was awoken I felt almost nothing. Words forced their way out of my mouth. "Honey did you remember to leave out the payment for the babysitter" 