
The runaways are dead. The pregnant female supposed to marry a rich man's son ran away with the poor boy who knocked her up. They were found dead outside the town. The families took the news differently. The boy's family is heartbroken, their eldest son dead. He was to work and produce an income so one day his family wouldn't have to be labouring in the hot sun for pennies. The girl's family is angry, good stock wasted on a lesser class. Their social status ruined in the eyes of nobility, their chance of a life of ballroom dancing & feasts ruined because of *love*. Love is an illness, a hysteria of women who aren't able to control themselves. A tragedy, but the gods are curious. Exclusivity & commitment for the sake of love wasn't in the design, it was for worship. Love doesn't exist, love is an illness. Upon final judgement the gods took each soul and asked them the same questions, they got the same response. *"Do you love each other?"* The voice of the pantheon called out. "Yes." *"What is love? How do you measure it?"* The souls didn't understand. "We just love each other and want to be together" *"But how do you know? There is a whole world there, and you wish to be in love forever?"* "Yes." *"Let it be"* The gods decided to let them love each other, if anything they will prove that the concept of love that is growing amongst the human population is a formula of loneliness, acceptance, & lust. Love should only be reserved for the gods and their creations. -- The gods like cats are creatures of impulse. They play with one toy only to get distracted by another a few seconds later. With a universe of possibility, it's possible for toys to be left in the closet forgotten. Eventually when they return to earth, it has changed. *Love is real*. Love is the subject of bards who sing loudly in rowdy taverns to drunken lust-filled individuals cheating on their wives. Love is the reason for war, why thousands of men die on a battlefield alone just so a woman can give her hand in marriage. Love is a joy of a man and woman holding hands together at sunset looking over the earth, knowing they have each other until death and hopefully beyond. Love is a disease spreading around and worship becomes secondary in people's lives. -- The gods follow the strings of destiny between the two. In one life, one was married to a King of a nation. The other was a loyal soldier of the king who fought for the beauty of the Queen. Eventually they ran off together on horseback, and this runaway story ended happily. They died of old age, and survived by three children. In one life, one was an elderly professor and the other a young college student. Conflicted by duty and age, they ended up together sacrificing both of their careers in the progress. They lived in the ghettos, working menial employment. If love was their minim wage, they slaved till the end. In one life, they wrote about each other before meeting in poetry and song. They described each other's characteristics and traits, and what they meant to them. They were songbirds singing to attract each other, and when they did a symphony of emotion played, and ended after a long encore. In one life, the gods decided to play trick thinking they wouldn't love each other if they were both of the same sex. But eventually they did, behind the backs of the world. Yet the secret proved to be fatale in a time that wasn't ready for the concept of *love is love*. They were some of the greatest love stories in the world, not shared by poets & bards through plays and song but passed down from parent to child about how they've met. How they've sacrificed everything for each other so they can be together. Of course, the mention of gods or previous lives weren't part of each telling, but their pure love for each other was inspiring and slowly shaped the world. They progressed the concept of love from a description to an emotion, *love is love*. The gods wondered to themselves, *how did this happen*? Surely humans were created in their own image and they don't love each other, they love the attention of humans worshipping their holiness. They lustfully fill the desire of wanting and needing by taking from each other or from their creations. On their last reincarnation, the gods believed to have them. They love each other, but seek pleasure elsewhere. Polyamory. Upon their next reincarnation, they pulled the two souls back for questioning after centuries of meeting, loving, and dying. They wanted to know the answer to their questions. *"Do you love each other?"* The voice of the pantheon called out. "Yes." *"What is love? How do you measure it?"* "It's indescribable, it's everything. You can't measure everything." *"What about loving different people? You broke vows of marriage you've sworn throughout your many lives."* "Yes but love evolves. Love is love. A child can love its mother & father. When he grows up he loves his friends, and finds their other. There is multiple realms of love & devotion to each other." The gods were confused by this concept. Love was supposed to be for love of the gods, to worship and serve, not this chaotic mess of love is everywhere. The gods let them go, and they watch life after life, not comprehending a simple fact about life. The child evolves and outgrows the parents. A young boy will beat his father in a game of hoops eventually, just like how the human race will develop emotions far too complex for gods to understand. *Love is love* 