
The first time it happened, I was twenty-seven. "Please," I begged as the black hooded figure descended on me - or rather, my body, trapped in a pool of its own blood - "I'm too young to die. *Please.*" The hooded figure paused. If I could still breathe I would have held my breath, but as it happened all I did was gaze searchingly at the darkness where its (his? hers?) face should be. "Alright," it said at last. "But only on the condition that you beat me at a game." "What game?" "You can choose." In a sort of desperate disbelief I said the first thing that came to mind: "Rock paper scissors." Death nodded. We played. Death's gloved fingers curled up in a fist. I played paper. ~ I had thought that I was lucky to get that one chance at life again, but then it happened another time. I was on my deathbed with terminal leukaemia. When Death appeared I was perfectly happy to go with it - after all, I wasn't going to be lucky enough to get another chance, was I? "You can play another game, you know." I wasn't going to pass the chance up. So we did. The doctors would go on to call me a miracle. ~ It happened, again and again. Every time I felt the life seep out of me, Death would be there, and we would play a game. And I would win. The first time I noticed something wrong, I was a hundred and three. "You've been losing to me on purpose." Death said and did nothing, but for some reason its silence compelled an elaboration. "Look at this!" I exclaimed, gesturing to the chessboard between us. "You just trapped your King in a corner, and now I can checkmate you in two moves. That was just bloody stupid - you had so many other options, and went with the worst one." Death continued its silent hunch over the board. I felt that it was judging me - but then, when was it not? "I was wondering when you would notice." It said at last, its low, unaccented voice somehow seeming more disembodied than usual. "Would you like me to stop?" I blinked. "Stop? You mean stop losing on purpose?" "Yes." I stared. My instinctive answer was 'yes' - but did I really want to lose my immortality? I still had so many more things I wanted to see and do. I wanted to write a book. I wanted to travel to the ends of the Earth. I wanted to live to see what the future had in store. "No," I said. Death was, as usual, expressionless, but I had the most extraordinary feeling that it was smiling. "Good," it said. "And now you will go on the next stage of your journey." It stood, and motioned for me to so the same. For some reason I found myself unable to speak or protest. "You have received a taste of immortality, and you have agreed to take it further. I am tired; and as per Section IV, Clause 32 of the Grim Reaper Handbook, I am officially handing the title of "Death" over to you." 