
"How would you like your money sir?" A weak smile overtook my face. "Give me a nice assortment." I responded. Nodding appreciatively the teller set his hand on the counter letting the sound of the metal coins spin about. There is was, as he slid his hand away, the mound that would amount to all my necessary money; an impressive stack, one Lincoln, two Washingtons, two dimes, a nickel and two pennies. With nothing left to say I slid the money from the counter and walked out doing my best to keep my head up. Outside the bank a man dressed in bright outfit was filling balloons before a crowd of children. Off to the side a boy sobbed as his mother reassured him. Floating amongst the blue cast the red balloon was easy to see. I fumbled the coins in my palm, I pulled the nickel from within and knelt down before the boy. "You look like you could use this more than me." I placed the coin in his hand. The mother thanked me and I continued my walk home. As I descended the stairs toward the subway I ran into a man staring in horror at the gate. "They're terrifying right?" I joked. "I forgot." His voice escaped. "Starting today I was supposed to walk to work." "Here." I held out my hand giving him the two dollars and two dimes. "Lucky you I have exactly what you need." "What are you doing?" He yelled confused. I shrugged. "Its mine to spend as I wish right? Besides today's my last day to ride free. A tear met the corner of his eye. "I don't know what to say." "Its fine." I answered with a shrug. We went seperate ways after the stairs and I took the time to look at the roaming five dollars and two cents. A cough caught my attention and I was met with a rare sight. A homeless man pulled the scrap of a blanket closer to his shoulders. "Good day to you." He nodded politely. "Good day." I paused still caught by the sight. "If I may, a man such as yourself is a rare sight these days. You must have gotten a worse deal than me." He looked up at me with a smile. "One-hundred and seventy-two thousand dollars." He laughed. "Tell me kid, what's your haul?" "Seven twenty-seven." I answered with a scoff. "Impressive." "Just dollars and cents for me, no thousand I'm afraid." He looked at me with what looked like pity. "What does that tell you? No, that's not fair from someone like me. I was satisfied with my haul, but life has it's own ideas. Less than a month after I walked out the bank I was diagnosed with liver cancer. Afraid and in pain I squandered all my cash trying to stay alive. Now I'm broke, dying and hungry. Figured I'd be better to waste away out here than continue working til my day." "Maybe your deal was less lucky than mine." I commented. He laughed. "I'm not sure I put much stock in luck but at least your not one of those, meant to be, people. Take it from me kid money ain't what life is about, and you can't measure it based on a check. Look at me four months since I lost it all, still here." I frowned briefly. With a sigh I pulled the five dollar bill from my pocket and dropped it on his blanket. "What are you an idiot?" He shouted. "You might be dying still, but at least for a moment in the life you got left, you won't be broke and maybe not hungry." I started toward the platform but stopped myself. "Thank you, you're right money isn't much." Almost home I met a familiar face stocking fruit outside a ma and pop shop. She smiled as I got closer. "Thanks again, you made his day." She tossed me an apple from the basket. "It was nothing." I replied after a moment. "Hey," she called after me, "you got your check today right?" I turned around and gave a nod. "Ya thought so, listen if you're every hungry, stop by." "You sure?" I asked, surprised. "Of course, not like it'd be any profit lost right?" She laughed. "Thank you so much." I answered. I felt at the last two pennies. *Money really isn't much.* _ r/theoreticalfictions 