
Their conversation started the way it always did. "They are considering another set of legislature." Lord-Commander Hroan scowled into his cup. His drinking partner nodded sadly. "There is talk of extending the ban on self-propelled delivery systems to include unguided ordnance as well as guided." Hroan said. "As if fending off a pirate raid wasn't hard enough without plasma cannons, not they want to take away our missiles." He stirred his cup. "There are some." He continued slowly. "Who feel we are due a change in leadership." General Hammond paused. "Your people are losing faith in you?" He asked cautiously." "Not in me." Hroan said. "They feel that those who make the rules no longer have our best interests in heart." The human was silent. "In my home country they have a rule, written into the founding documents themselves." He said slowly. "That when the government established by the people no longer acts in their best interests, it is the the right, no... it is the duty, of the people to replace it." Hroan felt his lips curl into a smile. He had expected the human to warn him against speaking out, to do what any of the other federation races would do and suggest yet another attempt at peaceful reconciliation. Humanity was proving to be far more worthwhile an ally than any of the cowardly races the Thoran had previously encountered. "What are you suggesting?" He asked quietly. The bar was occupied only by loyal Thoran warriors, men who he would trust with not only his own life, but the lives of his extensive family. Hammond stared at him. "Our people have much to offer each other." He said. "The Federation does not. It seems unreasonable to continue to contribute to such an alliance when they provide nothing but demands for submission. Surely there are... others... who would be far more grateful to exchange resources." Hroan smiled openly. "The council will not take kindly to a Declaration of Independence." He said. "They will attempt to bring us back into the fold." "The British did not take kindly to my distant ancestor's decision either." Hammond said. "They were eventually... convinced... to accept it." Hroan stood. "Your people will stand behind you in this?" He asked. Hammond smiled. "I am not the originator of this idea." He said. "I am merely the messenger." He placed a small device on the table. "There is a meeting in three weeks time where my people will gather to discuss the Federation's rejection." He said. "I would be honored if you would attend, as my guest. As a current member of the Federation your insight would be extremely useful in determining our next steps." Hroan smiled. "I would be delighted to attend." He said. 