
I looked down at the corpse of the man that I had haunted for the last two decades. "Into the ground you go," I muttered as the first shovel of mud rained down on the sleek top of the casket. "I suppose you're right," said the ghost of the man. It was always a bit uncomfortable when your hauntee confronted you after their death. Some were mad, others were... well, they wanted revenge. But if you've been in the business as long as I have, little spooks you anymore. "Are you upset about the steps in the attic at night?" I asked him. He smiled and crossed his spectral arms. "Not, in the slightest." "What about when I moved stuff around in your house?" "That was mildly inconvenient at times." I pursed my lips. "So the last twenty years were a complete waste..." "That's not true," the man said. "Do you see that fellow over there by my headstone?" "Sure." "I didn't have many friends in life, and when Jukka dies, I'll be gone forever. I appreciated you keeping me company all those years; I was quite lonely." "No problem, I guess." "Good luck," he said. And with that, the ghost of the man drifted over to Jukka and took a seat in the grass. I sighed. For the last few thousand years, I had been searching far and wide for the person who still remembered me. I had of course given up. The system was broken somehow - it had to be! I left the graveyard and the tall pines of Finland. I needed a change of setting. That's one of the few perks of being a ghost - you can go anywhere you like in the blink of an eye. Soon the hot sands of Sahara whipped through my ethereal body. I drifted east. Maybe it was time to visit Egypt again. It had been a good five centuries since last time. The pyramids reminded me of home. Granted, your memory does get a bit fuzzy with the years, but I remember that we had structures just like those when I was alive. I drifted through Giza and made people in the streets shudder despite the heat. The pyramids had been full of ghosts for several centuries after the Pharaohs died - we'd had some great conversations back in the day. I slipped through the wall and entered one of the deepest burial chambers. Judging from the untouched dust, it was still sealed off and hadn't been discovered yet by the archeologists. "Tut," I said, "You still around?" The room remained quiet. "You old fox, Tut!" I muttered. "You promised to tell me where you got the idea to build pyramids from..." I ran my fingers over the sarcophagus. Tut had always been a pain when it came to information. He guarded it with his life... death, I should say. Anyway, what was the point? Between ghosts, you know, he could've told me. But no. "I'm going to look inside your sarc..." I said with a sly grin, hoping to trigger a response. When there was still no sign of him, I thought 'what the hell' and put my head through its side. Once you're a ghost you get used to seeing death, so his dusty old bones didn't rattle me in the slightest. "What have we here... " Just a bunch of withered clothes, jewels, and weapons. I was just about to poke the old geezer in the nose hole when I noticed a bundle that his skeletal arm was clutching. "Huh, weird." Usually, the arms were mummified too, but this one had been purposely left to decay so that he could hold onto the object. "What's this?" I unfolded the cloth. A metal ball rolled out of his dead fingers. It had a creasing wave and big A stylishly engraved on it. I remembered the design from somewhere. But where? "Raphael," the ball said. "It is good to see you again." It took a moment for me to realize that it was talking to me. It had been a few millennia since I last heard my name. "Uhm, hi?" "Would you like to run a system check?" "What?" "It's been 15122 years since the last service update." The voice sounded familiar, but I couldn't quite place it. Where had I last heard it? It was formal, almost haughty. Ancient Rome perhaps? Maybe the Dark Ages? "How do you know my name?" "You built me, Raphael." "Did I, now?" "After your wife died, you built me. You wanted to insert her memories in me so that you could remember her. Of course, you died before you had the time to do so. I'm still an empty shell, but I remember you because you built me." "I guess I have some vague memory of that." "Would you like to insert your wife's memories now?" I chuckled, despite myself. I didn't even remember her face or the color of her hair. "No," I said. "That's water under the bridge." "Would you like to insert any other memories?" I thought for a moment. And then a smile crept up on my face. "Yeah, mine." ***** Sarah wiped the sweat from her brow and pushed the massive block to the side. "Oh my god!" she said and took a careful step into the grave chamber. With the new permits, she had been allowed to uncover the last of the pyramid's secret. She held the glyph-translator over the entrance. *Here rests Pharaoh Ka-Nan Tut.* "Guys, get in here!" she called out. "I think I've found a big one!" ***** [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/6jnw07/the_oldest_ghost_part_2/) Check out /r/Lilwa_Dexel for more stories! 