
Larry was disappointed, of course, but he was also a practical man, so he dispensed with grumbling and instead got to work. He began with the bottles first, then the scraps of food strewn about, then the shredded photographs laying across the floor like pixellated snow. Finally, after he had squeezed the trash bag down the chute, he returned to pick Sara off the ground, then began the slow trudge to the bedroom. "I'm OK... I can... walk by myself..." "You promised me you wouldn't drink again, Sara." "Did I? I didn't..." "I'm here anytime, Sara. You should talk to me, not bottle it all up." She was quiet for a while, until her head hit the pillows. She still stank of old sweat, alcohol, depression. Larry was turning to leave when her hand shot out, caught his. "I'm sorry, it's just that... I know I promised you I would move on, but I... I miss him so much sometimes, you know?" "Yeah, OK." "Oh no, oh no... I've made you angry, haven't I? I've gone and done it again... Larry, I swear, I really do like you, and I want to be with you, and I'm sure I want to move on..." "Then what's stopping you, Sara? Have you been calling him again?" Larry didn't really understand what triggered those black episodes Sara lost herself in. He thought at first that they were still communicating over the Internet, or through phone messages. But there were none. And as far as he could tell, from the first day he had reached out to the girl who had survived the bombing at Times Square, performed first aid on her while the emergency services arrived, he had never seen her ex, only heard her talk about him in the abstract. But he had noticed that tragedies tended to precipitate such moods. If they witnessed an accident, saw people perish, she would spiral again, uncontrollably. Perhaps it was some kind of PTSD. "I swear, I've not been calling him. It's just that... I'm reminded of him at times, you know?" "I know. And I told you, I don't care about your past. I'm here to help you through this. But you have to want to help yourself too, I can't do it alone." She sat up suddenly, a flame igniting in her eyes, a certain clarity which shone through. "No, this cannot go on. I was wrong. I have to accept that I can't change who I am. Please, Larry, please go. I can't promise you that I'll ever move on. And if I ever weaken again, feel like seeing him again... You may get hurt, Larry. So please, we have to end this." He expected the words, but they still cut deep. How many times had he tried to move on himself? But he knew he had to try, to see if he could ever walk with her to the end of the tunnel - there, surely, there would be enough light for the two of them. "I'll stay with you until I die, I promise," he said, running his fingers through her hair as he coaxed her back to sleep. "That's... what I'm afraid of..." she replied, as she slowly drifted off to sleep. Larry kissed her on the forehead, drew the blanket over her, then left. --- /r/rarelyfunny 