
There's nothing that strange about them at first; it's the same sad story you always hear. Abandoned by their parents, kicked around from this shelter to that one, one foster place to another. There were always problems and the girls never stayed anywhere very long. But problem children were your specialty. (Or so you used to believe.) You couldn't always make a difference, but you tried. You tried to be there when no one else was. You tried to see the good in them when everyone else had given up. Your ex always said you had a martyr complex and maybe they were right, and maybe that's why you fell for them to begin with. Doesn't matter. What matters are the four girls you adopted. The paperwork says they're sisters and that's the only way you'd know. The first one, the oldest (you think) is albino, sickly and pale. Life with her is a whirlwind of doctor's appointments and prescription medicines, specialists and itemized lists of all the things she can't do. But none of it seems to help, and the only noticeable difference is your shrinking bank account. You learn to keep her away from other people pretty early on, as nearly everything she has is contagious in one way or another. You try to do for her anyway. You bring her books and movies and activities she can engage in from her bed. You get her her own computer so she can have access to the internet. You hire nurses, plan family outings around days when she's feeling better. You research hospital locations in advance. She's not a bad girl. Sweet, in her own way. It's not her fault she's sick all the time. Unfortunately, it means you are too. The second one is- well. She's your problem child. A problem child among problem children. Wild and red-haired with a temper like a bonfire...you can't control her. No one can control her. She has a way of instigating things, bringing out the worst in the people around her. But the thing that really bothers you is she always has a reason why it's someone else's fault. Always a litany of ways to justify her actions. It was those Other People, she tells you. Those Other People, and the things they did. She has her reasons and if you listen to her long enough, her reasons will become yours. She'll convince you she was in the right. You stop listening to her excuses because it's all you can do. You try to love her anyway, to show her a different way, fill up that angry heart with something better. Unfortunately, she can bring out the worst in you as well. The third sister is dark haired and dark skinned and much too thin. The doctor says it's anorexia. You take her to meetings, to support groups. You beg with her to eat. You try to fix her favorite foods. None of it helps. She's too thin, bones sticking out everywhere, skin pulled tight. She'd make a great Halloween costume you think, and then you cry as you scrape the food into the garbage where it goes to waste. Unfortunately, you're starting to hate food too, just from the stress of it all. You dread mealtimes now. Then there's the youngest. The 'good girl'. She's quiet like the eldest but healthy, or so you assume. She doesn't break the rules like her flame-haired sister, or refuse to eat. She also doesn't talk. Ever. The doctors say there's no physical reason they can find, that it must be psychosomatic and given who she's related to you think that's a safe bet. And yet, for all of that she's the one that unsettles you the most. The file you got said she's the youngest but sometimes you wonder. There's something *old* in her eyes and when you catch her staring at you it raises the hackles on the back of your neck. She doesn't appear to be interested in anything at all. Not in books or movies or games or other people. She seems politely disinterested with the world; bored but serene. She eats what you put in front of her and you can't say whether she enjoys it or not. She goes to bed at the same time every night. She obeys every rule she's given and it freaks you out a bit, because there's something completely otherworldly about her, and you have no idea how to reach her. Sometimes you think she's amused by all the little rules and silly rituals humans have, but then you catch yourself thinking that way and stop. You don't even know where those thoughts come from. You're under a lot of stress, is all. Then it all hits the fan the night your red-head daughter brings home a boy. (will continue later, am tired) 