
"Look, Matty the Mad is acting strange again," I said, elbowing my friend Flint as we walked past her shack on our way home. The elderly woman was busy shoveling dirt over a hole, either unaware or unconcerned about her dirt-stained frock. "I say, what're you up to, Matty?" he called. She straightened and glared at us. "You boys again. Come to break my windows with stones?" "You can't prove it was us," I shouted. "Answer Flint's question!" "I'm covering up my dirty business," she said, going back to her work. "Unlike everyone else in this damned village who leave them out in the open." We burst into laughter. "What a foolish madwoman you are!" Flint said, half-choked with mirth. "Only by scattering them outside will they dissolve in the rain and evaporate under the sun. Why are you storing them in the ground where they'll be there forever?" "Leave an old lady alone," she muttered. "What other wisdom do you have to share with us today? Last week you told Fanny to wash her mouth and brush her teeth four times a day. Her father got so angry he wanted to stomp your vegetables flat!" I snorted, and said in a conspiratorial but audible tone, "You see, she doesn't know that our mouths, being wet all the time, are already clean!" "Also, remember when you asked Honey to stop mixing her cave metals into her medicines? She let her dogs chase you all over town!" Matty looked up briefly with damp eyes. "Those dogs ought to be put down. They're raving mad, and they've already bitten five people!" Flint and I fell into silence for a moment, but then my friend said, "Anyway, you keep playing with your dirt. We're going home to have our mushrooms." He shook a leather pouch for her to see. A look of concern came over her face. "Where did you find those?" "Oh, in the woods, here and there," Flint said casually. "Not telling you, or you'll steal our supply. 'specially since we've never seen this variety before." She groaned. "The last thing I want to do is eat your stupid mushrooms. You boys remember to cook them well. Sometimes they can do strange things to you." "There she goes again," I said with a guffaw. "The wisdom of Matty! Cook your food and destroy everything natural about them! Maybe we should start smoking and salting our meats too, like she does." Flint started to walk away, shaking his head in disgust. "She even eats them weeks later. How could she stand something that's no longer fresh?" "Don't worry about her," I said, clapping him on the back. "She won't be ruining our dinner." *** "Flint?" I said, coughing as I woke up. My head was spinning heavily, and thick foamy phlegm was leaking from the corner of my mouth. I fumbled about in the dark of my room, trying to regain my bearings. With every motion, my belly heaved and lurched. "Don't feel so good," I moaned, clutching my middle. Sharp pains were beginning to accompany the aching. My bottom felt wet--likely I would soon need to look for a clear patch not used by my parents and sister in the garden. "You hear me, Flint?" My fingers brushed against his arm, and I felt a surge of relief that he hadn't abandoned me. "Why's it so dark?" I said. "We only started eating a while ago, and it was noon. Hey, Flint, what's the matter?" I traced my fingers up his torso, to his neck, and then his face. His flesh remained still and cold to my touch. "Flint? Flint!" I began to shake him, but he didn't answer. Cursing the dark--my eyes were beginning to strain from the effort of widening them--I stood and ran to get help, bumping into walls even with arms outstretched. "Father! Mother! It's Flint, I think he's dead!" *** Flint's family came and took him home not long after, where they would leave him in the living room until he dissolved into the air they breathed. Honey took a look at my eyes and made me swallow urine from the man with the sharpest eyesight in the village, but to no avail. I could no longer see. As I cried myself to sleep that night, cursing mushrooms, cursing Honey, cursing everything, I remembered Matty's words earlier that day. *** *Edit: Part 2 below!* *Thanks for reading, hope you liked it. Do check out my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) if you would like to see more of my work.* 