
"Finally, we are saved!" A desperate mob rushes toward me just outside of the parliament building; they're beatdown, horrendously exploited, and looking for a hero. Honestly, there's nothing I can do for them. They *ooh* and *ahh* at the high-tech rifle slung across my chest and the shimmering broadsword strapped to my back, but, most of all, they are mesmerized by my hair. The way it lashes upwards into tall blue spikes; the shine; the splendor; ya, I guess I can see the appeal. "Our hero arrives like a clear blue sky after a hundred-years storm!" I slap away a few hands that reach for my head and mumble under my breath, "It's pretty hectic out here, wana hurry this up?" *"Just keep em' distracted, they love you!"* a little voice teases in my ear. "Please, hero," some old beggar is on his knees. "The municipal government has taken so many prisoners! My son! Please, save him!" "Yup," I give him a little pat on the head. "Working on that as we speak." "They employ so many mercenaries and thugs to bully and extort us," a middle-aged woman is practically spitting in my face. "How will you ever defeat them all?" I wipe a bit of saliva from cheek, "Oh, I'm quite talented." "TORTURE! TORTURE!" some poor sap with no legs is yelling manically from his little wheel cart. "THEY TORTURED ME IN THAT GOD-FORSAKEN BUILDING! AND THEY STOLE MY PROSTHETIC LEGS!" "I'll take care of it, sir," I flash him a smile and a thumbs up. "And you'll have those legs back in no time!" A distinct crackling buzzes in my ear. *Gunshots.* "Everything ok in there?" I grit my teeth. *"See for yourself."* There's a crashing sound as half the glass doors of the parliament building's wide entryway are shattered. Hundreds of filthy men and women are sprinting joyfully down the massive steps, and a few have weapons. "Uhhh, boss?" "The prisoners!" the crowd is elated, "Our hero has saved the prisoners!" The next few minutes are a mixture of crying, hugging, and me slapping even more hands away from my hair. *"Eyes up, kid."* Another wave of people exiting the building, but this group is full of wounded, defeated looking henchmen. The few that have weapons lay them down as a sign of surrender, and the mob loses it again. "HE HAS DEFEATED THE GOVERNMENT'S MEN!" they erupt all around me, and I can barely hear what's going on in my earpiece. "Ok," I'm basically yelling just to hear myself now, none of them seem to notice. "Are we done? They're getting pretty wild out here!" *"Just one more thing."* The old man from before returns to me as the crowd settles a bit, a young-looking man at his side. "Oh, great hero," they both bow, and the entire crowd follows suit. "You have used your awesome, supernatural abilities to defeat our corrupt government, all while calming our spirits from outside the battle. We can truly never repay you--" *"Ready for the fireworks?"* the voice in my ear pulls my attention from the old man's speech. "Uh, what?" I grunt in the back of my throat. A massive explosion rocks the crowd, and the entire parliament building seems to bubble a bit before collapsing in on itself. "HE HAS DESTROYED THE BUILDING WITH HIS MIND!" Another explosion of cheers and applause rings out, drowning out the falling rubble and popping flames. "A little excessive there, don't you think?" *"Just living up to the hype, kid."* I smile and slap away hands as I make my way through the thick crowd away from the burning building. The streets are a foaming sea of celebration, except for a lone voice drowning out somewhere behind me. "My legs! My legs! You didn't give me back my legs!" _____ **Thanks for reading. Subscribe to /r/BeagleTales for daily blue-haired heroes** 