
My name is Glorp, I'm an intergalactic bounty hunter. What does that mean? It means I hunt bounties between Galaxies stupid! My latest bounty is a fugitive of justice. He likes to find simple little planets who haven't learned god is a multidimensional parrot named Stephan, who demands you pronounce it Ste-fan like a ponce. Then he uses advanced technology to trick them into believing he's the son of god, and teaches them a bunch of hippy dippy shit like 'Love your neighbor' 'Sit with the lepers and the meek' Bull crap like that. Then when he's done his job or gotten bored he bounces and leaves em to make up religions. He was last here about 1987 years ago, he chose some short span lifeforms this time so they'd propagate his shit quicker. I've disguised my ship, and myself to blend in. I made my ship into what they call an 'apartment' and just slammed it into a building. Then stole the guy I crushed's identity. Simple, clean, get to fuck with them a little when I leave. Which was going to be soon but I'm pretty sure I've found two of his agents. They came to my door yesterday and from what they said I think they know why I'm here. I told them to come back today so I could grab the sons of bitches and make them tell me where hippy boy is. *Knock, Knock, Knock* I answer the door, the short spanners see a normal apartment, and I see it's the same two from yesterday, a stout one and a lanky one. "Hey there Glorp!" the stout one says cheerfully and I resist the urge to punch it's face in. "Hello there...you, now tell me. What was it you asked me yesterday?" "Well gosh silly don't you remember?" it asks as my knuckles turn white "No please remind me" I squeeze out through clenched teeth "I asked if you'd found Jesus yet" I grinned that's what I needed to hear proof! Proof these Jehovah's Witnesses had been taunting me on his behalf! "Why no I haven't yet, Why don't you come on in and tell me all I need to know where he is." I say with faux kindness that makes me nearly vomit and step out of the way. The two fools enter without any prodding and big shit eating grins on their stupid short life form faces. The lanky one speaks "Well golly, thanks Glorp, and we'd be pleased as a peach to tell you all about where to find Jesus. Honestly it's never been this easy before" it said taking a seat on the hard light couch with the stout one. I bit my three lower lips to hold back a laugh, oh it won't be easy Jehovah's Witness. I promise you that. ----- At a few peoples request I made a continuation [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/76exkk/wp_jesus_is_an_intergalactic_fugitive_who_is/doe456h/) if you liked this and want to give it a look it's there. 