
He was unsure of how long he'd trekked across the barren world; for in this realm, time seemed to fade like the memories of his long extinguished life. It was certainly his world, the trees and mountains stood as they were, streams and rivers flowed endlessly on, but life had seemingly disappeared from the earth. Missing was the buzzing of the bugs by the water; gone were the predators and pray of the thick wood, and no matter how far he walked on the still earth, no trace of life could be found. On he walked, never tiring, never growing hungry or thirsty, but trapped in an unchanging, undying land. He forgot the sound of wolves howling in the night; he forget the touch of another living thing, and he forgot everything he'd ever known about himself. His mind slipped away, releasing him from all preconceived notions of his own reality, and, staring up at the frozen moon, he stepped out into the air as if onto a gradual hill--ascending into the void. So he walked for an eternity, never ceasing, never veering to left or right, until at least he felt like he could reach out and touch the moon's glowing surface. In a flash of light, everything changed. *Life*... It was everywhere again, peculiar lifeforms that he did not recognize but was so immeasurably happy to see, and he fell to his side and wept. Scores of creatures approached him, lifting him up and comforting him. "You have travelled far, but your journey is over now." an angelic voice whispered to him. "But what is this place?" he shuddered at the sound of his own voice, it was unfamiliar to him. "I can remember again. My life, my family, *everything*..." "This is where all souls come when they leave the physical realm, once they find it." He looked around, still puzzled by the strange creatures, "Are there others like me here?" "No," the voice said. "You are the first of your kind to die, and so you are the first to find this place." "But I didn't find it, I was lost..." "Ah, but you did. The moon has always called to you, hasn't it? And you finally answered the call." "So long I was spent wandering, I forgot everything I knew." "Sometimes we must forget if we wish to find our way." He was elated to be with life again, but he could not shake his sadness away, "More from my kind will die, and they will wander as I did?" "Yes." "Then may I go back?" "We are all free in this realm to do as we choose, but why?" the voice asked, but it knew the look of longing in this creature's eyes. "Because I know the way, and I know what it's like to howl at the moon alone." He turned away from the light, back towards the darkness, and stretched out his long legs, wagging his tail happily as he ran. ____ /r/BeagleTales 