
"Ok, but like...what if I like being blonde, ya know?" Evans sighed. The woman on the other side of the counter was blonde alright- no, blonder than blonde. Her hair was almost white. Usually it took decades for someone to lose that kind of color, dozens of mistakes accumulated over a lifetime - but she couldn't have been older than twenty. For her to look like that, she must be... "I think it makes me look peppy, ya know? I don't want to be like one of those eggheads, ya know?" She smiled vapidly. Evans resisted the urge to strangle her. "Then you don't have to buy my products." He replied as civil as he could muster, brushing his own jet-black hair out of his eyes. "Or, you can dye it another color if you wish. Redheads are popular nowadays, if I understand correctly." The woman paused, tapping her lip with a polished nail. "Will this really make me look smarter?" Evans couldn't help but notice that she seemed to talk through her nose as much as her mouth. "Yes, I'm sure it will. My product is specifically designed to reduce or remove the effects of accumulated mental errors on hair color, right the way down to the roots. With periodic reapplication, no one will be the wiser." *Though it won't help you once you open your mouth.* He added silently. The woman, for her part, appeared lost in thought - though how that was possible with her appearance eluded Evans. She scrunched up her face, pointing left and right as if trying to make up her mind. "But what if...I like being blonde, ya know?" Evans' head hit the counter with an audible *thud*. He no longer cared what the woman thought about his products, or even about himself. But to his surprise, the woman didn't just notice his act of frustration - she was actually laughing. "Evans, my God! You haven't changed a bit!" She said, tears streaming down her cheeks. "Y-you should have seen your face! Why did you start this business if you couldn't stand talking to idiots?" "...Rebecca?" He asked, appraising her as best he could while massaging his injured forehead. "I haven't seen you since high school! ...What the hell happened to your hair?" "Oh, you know..." She said, coyly. "You have your dyes...and I have my bleach." Evans' eyes went wide. "Bleach! Of course...why didn't I think of that myself?" "I was surprised too...you were always the smartest kid in class. Well, second smartest." She grinned wolfishly, and despite her current appearance Evans recognized the raven-haired girl who sat next to him in Math. "Maybe you should start using your own products...or mine. In fact..." She hefted a briefcase onto his counter. "I came here today with a bit of a business proposition. What do you say...partner?" "Rebecca," Evans said, taking her hand into his own, "I think this is the start of a *beautiful* friendship." 