
"You're coming in Saturday. I need a better idea by Monday for the environmentalists, you don't do any work at home, and I need a staycation." "But my daughter's recital is at noon, and I've already put in 60 hours this week trying to make sure I could go." "Too bad." "Can someone else not come in?" "Everyone's coming in. Look at it this way--you'll all be miserable together." That was Friday. We were all miserable that Saturday, flinging everything from killing the EPA agent to legitimately figuring out what to do with toxic waste that didn't involve dumping it into a certain someone's swimming pool. We managed to finish around 11 that night, and I went home to watch my wife's recording of the recital. I woke Emma up to congratulate her and apologize for the tenth time, promising ice cream if she would perform me a recital all on her own, to which she happily agreed. I accidentally came in late that Monday, due to a flat tire, already resigned to a thirty minute criticism of my incompetence with a listing of all of my failures. I headed to my office with every expectation of Joseph sitting in my chair, preventing me from working, only to discover him not there. I poked my head into Kim's cubicle. "Um, is Joseph sick?" "Just head to his office. You'll see." I did, only to find something resembling Cthulu wearing his clothes, sitting in his office, typing away. I just stared with my mouth open. "What concerns you, Henry?" "I...wanted to apologize for coming in late. I had a flat tire." "Okay. Just make sure to avoid the glass from now on." How did he know about....I started to walk out, only to hear him say, "Hey, tell Lilla she can leave for the rest of the day, and not come in tomorrow, if she needs to. I can do her work." I made the brief stop by her cubicle, her eyes red. She lit up as she began stuffing her things into her bag..."I didn't even ask, because Joseph would have said no, but Carla's been sick, and I had to leave her at home and just call her regularly. I'll see you Wednesday," as she headed out. Apparently being omniscient makes you empathetic. Who knew? I'm just curious about how the staff meeting is going to go down at noon, when "Joseph" walks in with the tentacles and wings stuffed into a button-down. 