
Do you want to know what the *real* perks are when you're a ghost? Darcy had imagined it would be spying on people, particularly those thinking they're getting away with something unseen whether it be as drastic as committing arson or as light as taking the last cookie. Or maybe it would be seeing all your passed loved ones and reconciling once again. But in reality? Seating. Network Rail can't charge a person for a seat if they cannot see them. Free entry into cinemas, plays, parties, circuses, theme park rides, even university lectures. Darcy had been floating in the In Between for at least two hundred years now to the extent she could regularly meet up with not only her daughter, but also her granddaughter, her great granddaughter and so on. There was very little she hadn't seen and it got to the extent she often felt restless. She had attended so many university lectures over the past two hundred years she went from believing in the magic of lavender and aloe vera to the powers of penicillin and paracetamol. She was surprised at how easily songs, stories and folklore were forgotten, and yet how silly gadgets like the television had caught on. She sighed. She was grateful she was able to see what became of her family for generations, how life had progressed and that young ones were still interested in the accomplishments of her time. She even had a fun family holiday planned for over seventy family members to go to Australia - the airline wouldn't even notice, and it's not as if they weigh anything. But, by Gods, Darcy was restless. "You alright there, Ma'am?" "Don't you worry, Roderick. I'm doing just fine." Roddy had been her companion for a good sixty years now. Where they had met was once empty fields filled with sheep and grass but nowadays it was a housing association. "Only if you're sure. We best be off, it won't be long before the newcomers arrive." Darcy and Roderick floated off the train, looking like nothing more than an ethereal flicker of light to even the most in-tuned human. "Is it sad that it is only their arrival I look forward to these days?" Roderick couldn't help but laugh. "Not at all. You and I felt boredom when we were kicking about, why would that suddenly stop now?" "Because we can do anything and everything. It feels selfish! I'll never feel pain again, I'm surrounded by everyone I have ever loved, even my Ma and Grandma. I'll never have to work another day in my life either, but still I feel so jealous of them." "Let me guess, because ignorance is bliss? Because there's so much they have yet to learn?" "You know, I think that's exactly it. How horrible do I sound?" "Not at all. Tell you what, why don't you come with me. I know just the person to keep us on our toes for the next while. Even better Darcy, she's one of mine!" Roderick took Darcy somewhere she knew all too well: the hospital. However, rather than take their usual route to the wards where loved ones lay in their last moments with families, he began to take her on a detour. Soon they were out of the hospital and face-to-face with an emergency vehicle which was hurriedly parking at the entrance to, of all things, a children's hospital. Although Darcy could feel no physical pain she swore she had felt a lump in her throat at that moment in time. "Oh no... Roderick, surely not?" "Unfortunately, yes. I know you don't like it but I would appreciate it if you stay. She is going to need us right now." A familiar stillness filled the air and soft wisps of light began to form in the back of the opened ambulance. Weaving, winding, twisting, turning - the strings of light began to take form into that of a little girl, no older than three, looking dazed and confused. Roderick clapped his hands and looked Darcy in the eye. "I hope you have a lot of energy, you won't believe how much this one loves hopscotch!". He reached out to the little girl who stumbled towards him in a sense of knowing and clasped his hand, and then reached out with her other to Darcy. And so the three ventured out toward the night sky at a pace only those with all the time in the world could have. 