
Love bears a power capable of breaking the boundaries of possibility. Although that may sound slightly cheesy, it was particularly true for me and my wife. When we met it was as if a fire had unleashed in the core of our hearts, and all of a sudden, when we shared our first day together, something happened. It was like one of those *clicks* people talk about, but this one was different, for we both eyed a distant cabin, and all of a sudden the grass of the pastures disappeared from beneath us, and a wooden floor took its place. We looked around, and found a locked door and walls of bare timber, and in the intimacy of that cabin we sealed our love before even questioning what'd just taken place. Time went by fast, and during that time our love had its ups and downs. We understood the power our love concealed, and we used it to visit the world, choosing beautiful places, and seeking for hidden sights far away from the reach of people. It was fantastic time, full of memories that I'll never forget. But time kept going, and although love was still there, arguments became more and more recurrent, and sometimes they got heated; and I mean literally heated, for in the space of a breath the voice of my wife faded from my ears, our room disappeared, and black scalding rocks sizzled beneath me. I can't blame her, really. She'd always loved volcanoes. Fortunately, in the midst of her anger, love bloomed and she took me back. The only issue with this is that I returned with wrath in my heart, and I immediately sent her to a seat in a rollercoaster on the verge of falling down a quite steep slope--she hated rollercoasters. But then I feared for her, and so I took her back with me again. Boy, you should've seen those fear-stricken eyes, and the denseness of her silence. Of course, I knew I wouldn't stay in the same room for too long, and I was right, for before I could even speak a word, my throat closed, the air lacked, and the pressure became unbearable. The view of Earth from outerspace was quite beautiful, that I have to admit, but being on the verge of dying wasn't. In the blink of an eye, I was back in our room, gasping. "Stop!" I said, clutched at my heart. "You are right, honey. Blue is the perfect color for those curtains." She nodded, smiled, and kissed me. "I knew you'd understand, sweetie." We spend our loving lives like that, sometimes sharing our burning passion together, and othertimes on the verge of being consumed by it. But lately the latter came to a halt. Perhaps it's because we matured, and understood how unhealthy those arguments were, or perhaps it was because our love finally took shape. "Will you read her a story, sweetie?" my wife said as she tucked our daughter in the cradle. "Each and every night." ------------------- r/NoahElowyn - For more of my work! 