
Emperor Zord's body had turned to dust. The chiseled, blonde idiot continued on with his ranting. "Good people, my name is Galarn. And this day your oppression is over. Put down your weapons and you are free to go. I mean none of you harm. We know that Emperor Zord had used his enthrallments and that you are not here of your own free will." Enthrallments. This guy really was an idiot. Zord's dark charms only lasted a few days. He only used them on his military recruits to ensure their loyalty before allowing them to be armed in his presence. Zord had been powerful, but the idea that he could keep thousands of people under his magic control on a daily basis...this Galarn guy really had no clue. This was my twenty-fourth year in the Empire, my entire life, and Zord had never bothered to waste his magic on me. "Go and tell the people of this news. Tell the prisoners here that they are free. Today we usher in a new era for all of Avalon," Galarn said. The handful of soldiers in the room turned and walked out. I was left alone with Galarn. We were in one of Zord's personal rooms. Most people never got back here, but I had spent my whole life in this castle. My mom had been one of Zord's "girls." I grew up in the kitchens downstairs and Old Glenda, one of the cooks, had taken me in as her own when my mom "disappeared." Glenda taught me everything I knew, and how Zord liked his food. Weird tastes, Zord had refused to eat anything but organ meats and vegetables. When Glenda had gotten too old to cook, I took over. A few years later, Zord had taken a liking to me and I was in charge of most of his to day to day personal affairs. Cooking his livers and kidneys, became pressing his robes, became scheduling his day. Now he even had me in charge of hiring and firing for the castle. When I saw how Zord treated his girls, it was clear how my mom had disappeared. Zord had instructed me to make two of his girls disappear in the shark pit. Apparently, they had giggled in a way that he didn't like during one of their rendezvous. I hadn't followed through of course. Instead, I had made them shave their heads so they wouldn't be recognized, and sent them packing in the middle of the night with a pouch of gold. I had warned them to get far away and never come back or I wouldn't be able to help them anymore. Galarn looked me up and down. "My good sir. You are Zord's most trusted servant. You must know all of his true evils. Tell me of all his dastardly deeds so we can set them right. Together. For the people of Avalon." I sighed. "You're an imbecile." "But whatever do you mean?" "How do you think your sword even pierced Zord's skin? You're certainly aware of his magical defenses," I asked. "Ah yes, but you know as well as I do that Zord's dark magic would not work against one who wields a blade with a true heart," Galarn said. "Ugh, the true heart nonsense. I can't believe the people are still passing around that bullshit. No you idiot, its because I've been slowly feeding him contraroot for the last month. Bit by bit. Upping the dosage just slowly enough so he wouldn't notice," I said. "Ah ha! Well then you have also done your kingdom a great service. We shall bring a new era to Avalon together." He beamed a smile and went to clasp his hand on my shoulder. I pushed him away in to the center of the room. "No. You idiot, you've done nothing and risked everything. You really don't understand do you? I'll explain it slowly. You can't kill Zord with just a sword. He's not dead at all. As soon as you struck him down he began to regenerate. His phylactery is in the basement of this castle. He's probably on his way back up here right now," I said. "Tomorrow night was the night. He always drinks on Thursdays. I was going to wait until he had finished his second bottle of wine and put everything into motion. First the phylactery and then him." Galarn gasped and then tightened his breastplate. "Well then it is simple, we shall smite him down again. Together my friend. For the Kingdom. For Avalon." "I'm afraid not. Now that his body has reformed, the contraroot won't stop his magic. He'll be invulnerable again. You're not leaving here alive. And he's going to suspect that I was the one poisoning him. It will take a long time for me to reestablish his trust. Thanks for that. But no matter what, step one on that path is going to have to be taking care of you." I pulled the lever that released the floor over the shark pit. Galarn tumbled down. His screams were still echoing as Emperor Zord walked in to the room, and shot me his crooked grin. /r/Fatty_McFatts Edit: Thanks for the gold internet friends! [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5zzabs/pi_emperor_zord_part_2_original_prompt_you_are_a/) 