
Our story begins with a quiet strip of a boy named Jacque. For all intents and purposes, Jacque was an ordinary boy living an ordinary life. A boring one, but happy none the less. But, you see, beyond Jacque's world was something past the scope of his wildest dreams; a land of magic and wonder, of witches and wizadry and copious amounts of copyright infringement. Jacque -- with his stupid name -- happened upon this world one night, and began a trip down to the wonderland. At a bus station in Trent, he found the remnants of a wand. When he clasped it in his hand, it thrummed with power and light, and a voice -- deific and commanding -- spoke out to him. "*Are you worthy of me?*" It asked him. "*Say yes or the plot won't progress,*" it added in a hushed tone. Now, I apologise, but I must take a small break to clarify something. I don't know what sort of fucking pretentious parents Jacque had -- probably dead on account of some garbage tragic backstory -- but they deserve to pay. Like, how the hell do you pronounce that shit? *Jack?* *Jake?* *Ja-keh?* Fuck me, back to the story. *Jack* -- that's his fucking name now, I don't give a shit -- found the wand was called Luther. And that it belonged to a now deceased wizard, whose spirit spoke to him through the wand; how quaint. Jack procceeded to lose a lot of friends over the supposed 'voice in his head' he now had accompanying him. Honestly, I'm with them. Sounds like Jacque needed psychological help more than a magical wand companion, but I digress. Onwards and upwards. Jack went on a magic fucking journey. Dragons, fairies and the whole schpiel. He awkwardly ambled his way through most encounters to a degree where most readers and in-book characters would believe he was the physical incarnation of Michael Cera. Hell, when the writer gets his movie contract, Michael Cera will probably be cast. Jack defeated the Dark Lord and got mad pussy. Like, when I say this is a coming of age story, it's because, once all was said and done, Jack became a focking *man.* He was practically drowning in sex, I tell you. What Jack didn't realise was that none of this was real, and he was actually high as fuck. Jack, the obstinant little shit with the shitty name, was soon admitted to a psych ward where he was subjected to Clockwork Orange levels of abuse and rehabilitation. J.K Rowling also likely sued the writer in the interim. He totally had it coming. Aha! But that was all a trick by the Dark Lord, who now had the stupidly named Hero in his clutches! *Ahahahah.* *Ha.* Jack gots whats he desurved. Lil twat. Bet he had a stupid face as well. 'Course this detail was voided by the writer, who was far too much of a lazy twat to write anything else for the purpose of making sweet, sweet cash. Ya know, who the hell needs detail when you can have cliches? Hell, Jack had some dead-ass parents -- and a wizened old mentor, and a lover who will probably end up betraying him for some greater scheme only to later show she loved him all along despite the amount of girls he banged when she wasn't around. Jack was alsho a Mary Sue, wit pink hair and wide, kawaii-desu ass eyeballs, who shouted 'nandayo?!!!' at every given 'ruddy oppurtunity. Yeah, Jack was a focking anime character. Plot twist, assholes. Jack was alsho just a projection of da authour's innermosht desias. *DOUBLE PLOT TWIST. BOOM.* *Perfect.* But wait, there's fookin' more. Jack -- A.K.A the boy, the man, the playa with wank for a name -- went on to [**redacted**] Yews know what -- as your eshtablished and legeetamate narrator -- I demand a cut of whatever da hell the authour of this shitfest is making. I'm holding tha bastard at ransom, ands until den, yews ain't gonna find out what 'appens to the little shit Jack. *Hiccup.* *I'm such a fucking genius.* ---- /r/coffeeandwriting 