
Lizzie had always been the victim of very nearly bad luck. There were many stories in her life of her brushes at catastrophe. She could picture all of them clearly in her mind. Even the ones that she couldn't really remember had been told to her so many times that she held them in her head like her own memories. Her first case of very nearly bad luck had come as a toddler. A curious child, Lizzie had found an unprotected outlet, and attempted to jam a hair clip into it. Moments before the clip had reached the socket, a man had struck a pole with his car up the street, cutting power to her house. Alarmed by the sudden loss of power, her father had looked up to see Lizzie, unphased, jamming the little bit of metal into the outlet. Her father had called that their little miracle, and the family began to frequent church a little more often on Sundays. Her father had even looked up the number man who had crashed, and phoned him to tell him the story. Her next brush had come when she was older. Playing basketball with her neighborhood friends, Lizzie had chased a ball into the street. A horn blared, and she looked up to see a car bearing down on her at great speed. Then the car performed a cartoonish maneuver, moving almost perfectly sideways to avoid her, before coming to a stop. The driver had gotten out and berated her, but she hadn't heard a word. She had stood replaying the impossible scene in her head, over and over. Sitting on the school bus, Lizzie found herself wrapped up in these memories again. She often returned to them, turning them over in her head again and again. Her parents liked to joke about her very nearly bad luck, but she knew her many near misses had made them worriers. At first she too had been anxious, fearful of what lay around the corner. But she had come to feel strangely calm. She would never let herself think the world, never let it fully form in her mind, but she felt invincible. The bus came to a stop and she hopped down the steps, and began the long trudge up her dirt driveway. It had been another long day at school, but she was looking forward to playing chess with her Papa, who had been staying with them the last few months. She was considering first moves when she heard a loud crack above her. Looking up she saw a large tree branch coming down toward her. She didn't have time to think, much less dive out of the way, when the most improbable thing she had ever seen occurred. A great eagle, impossibly large, she thought, swooped through, grabbing the limb in its talons and flying off with it. Lizzie watched it, frozen. She knew what she had just seen was impossible. It was like the car, moving around her like a glitch in a video game. That's too much, she thought, exasperated. Later that night, she laid in bed, wide awake, mind racing. She hadn't told anyone about her eagle savior. Shell shocked, she had walked through the day on autopilot. For the first time, she was beginning to consider the possibility that she might be losing her mind. But when she had gone back outside to look at the tree, she had seen a broken branch far above her. It had happened. Staring at the ceiling, she let the word creep to the front of her brain for the very first time. Invincible. She cringed. Was God protecting her? For what purpose? Why her of all people? She rolled over and smushed her pillow to her face in frustration. "I guess your story isn't over yet," she thought. And then she sat bolt upright. An image, fleeting but startlingly clear, had flashed through her mind. A woman with glasses and a tired face was bent over a notebook, scribbling furiously. Something seared through her consciousness for a moment, some essential truth, and then it was gone. The image was gone, too, only the heart racing sensation remaining. Lizzie got up and looked out the window. Invincible. "Invincible," she muttered. "We'll see about that." She opened her window, and climbed out on to the roof. 