
"Sir? Sir, can you hear me?" The nurse was leaning over him, watching his pupils while keeping an eye on his vitals from the read out. He might be getting old, but his wits hadn't completely abandoned him yet, so he knew he was in a hospital. How he got there, however, was a mystery. "What happened?" "You had a heart attack. Nothing too major, and luckily there were plenty of people around. If you're going to pass out and nearly die, doing it outside a movie theater is a good choice," she laughed quietly. He deduced from her demeanor that his life was no longer in danger. "Ambulance?" he asked quietly. He was surprised how weak his voice sounded. The young nurse nodded. "That's right. You'll be fine, just rest. We've contacted your family but they're a few hours north. Santa Barbara, I think they said? They should arrive this afternoon." She adjusted a few dials and checked his IV, then she left. The man took a deep breath. 53 years and never a single health problem. He hadn't smoked, had skipped drugs, and only had a glass of wine on special occasions. He exercised four days a week, took his vitamins and ate his vegetables. But it hadn't mattered. Here he was, climbing back from the brink of death. He knew his health choices weren't what landed him here. It'd been his decades-long hobby. He grinned despite himself -- blaming coin collecting for a heart attack had to be a first. On the table next to him were his belongings. His cell phone was cracked, probably from when he collapsed. Wallet was there and it looked like it hadn't been messed with. Car keys, receipt from the corner store, a ticket stub to the documentary he never made it into. And the penny. He picked the brown coin up off the table and was once again surprised by how shiny it was. Too glossy, too well molded. When objects are too perfect they read wrong to the brain, and to his professional eye, this coin was unlike anything he'd ever seen. Then there was the minor detail that the face depicted was his. No doubt about it. That was his heavy brow and his broken nose, so distinctly crooked. His initials, H.H.B, were embossed underneath to remove any doubt. Seeing his image on the coin had thrown his heart out of whack, but now that he knew what to expect he was more calm -- although he noticed the heart rate monitor was beeping faster. Still, the initial shock had been replaced by questions. *How? Why?* "Mr. Blakely, I presume?" The man standing in the doorway was young, probably in his twenties, wearing thick framed glasses and a beard that was simultaneously groomed and unruly. A small potbelly betrayed a sedentary lifestyle. "I brought flowers," he said with a grin. "Told them I was your son." "Who are you?" The young man sat down in the chair next to the bed. There was something unusual about his clothes. You wouldn't have noticed if you weren't looking closely, but they were aggressively clean and obsessively pressed. And they glowed, ever so softly. He glanced at the heart monitor before responding. "Are you sure you can handle another scare?" The old man was aggravated by the concern. "Spit it out, kid." "My name is Josh. I'm a director, and I win my first Oscar with the documentary I make about your life. About twenty years from now." The sentence contained too many impossible implications to consider at once, so the old man focused on the biggest: "Why would anyone make a movie about me?" "I'll admit, there's not been much of a story so far," chuckled Josh. Then he looked at his watch. "But you're ten minutes away from changing the world, and I'm going to be right next to you when you do it." -------------------- 8/365 one story per day for a year. read them all at [r/babyshoesalesman](https://www.reddit.com/r/babyshoesalesman) -------------------- edit: minor style points that were bugging me and correcting some atrocious spelling. every inch of me wants to rewrite a couple of the crap middle paragraphs but im restraining myself. thanks for reading edit2: thrilled yall enjoyed this, but i have work at now & then a promising first date tonight. [so this is my response to the clamoring for a pt. 2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qLdBrx-ijwQ) -- cheers 