
It's not about the money. They always make that mistake when they write about me in the papers. 'Doctor SuperMoney' they call me. The woman with a trillion dollar business making people into superheros, and its all about the money. Which is wrong. No one knows my own power. They all assume it's the ability to grant powers. That's... Let me back up. August 27, 2029. I am driving my beat up hybrid diesel VW Taureg out through the mountains of Tennessee trying to get a glimpse of the meteor shower that's supposed to hit that night. It's late--maybe 3am. I'd worked that day, but it had been my last surgery for the month. Neuro surgery is stressful for everyone, but I'd made a decision several years earlier to work a 2 months on two off schedule, except for emergencies. The other surgeons in the neuro group had all adopted the same schedule--and we were all better doctors and surgeons for it. We made a bit less money overall, but we took better care of our patients, and we made better decisions. Different story. As I had driven up in those mountains though, a large deer had jumped in front of my Taureg and I'd swerved...and dropped off the edge of the road...down the hill....trees crunching into the vehicle, but never stopping it. Finally a free fall into the cold water below. The cold, and as it turns out, contaminated, water. Who could have known about the Micro-Rift that had opened a quarter mile upstream? Or that it was leaking into the river? Well, other than the idiot that had made it? Not me, of course. Three days I'd been in the water, nearly dead, stewing in that contamination. And when I emerged, eyes suddenly wide open, lungs suddenly healed and body seamlessly healing itself, I had power. I made a choice...the obvious one from my perspective, really...to keep it quiet. Power? Sure, I was super strong and healed quickly, but it was *draining*. Left me tired and hungry to indulge too much in those things. But the real power was my *Sight*. To look into the future and know what was coming. And it scares me. And it makes me want to prepare. So I did the smart thing. I studied. Why didn't I die? What made my accident different. What made me emerge alive and super powered? What made me different? That line of research was...less than informative at first. Until I started looking at the commonalities with others with powers. Accidents, those born with powers, whatever. What did we all have in common? What made us unique? What cause one person to develop telekinesis over superspeed? It took *years*. But all along, I've had a motivation other than money. But the final discovery made me wealthy in the extreme. Even before that, just approaching the DoD with the *possibility* that I had a premise on which it might possible to understand these things--along with my medical credentials--got me solid funding early on. But once it was possible to create soldiers with super strength, super speed, and super toughness? The military ate that up. Then the police wanted cops that couldn't be killed in the line of duty. It became the 'police package'. And if you couldn't get that package, you weren't a policeman after all. So yes, it made me money, then more money. Then even more. But when you know what's coming in a few hundred years, you want the world ready to meet it. Because what's coming? We still aren't ready. And when it gets here, if we aren't ready, we're *dead*. And it scares me. So the newsies and pundits and politicos can call me Doctor SuperMoney if they like. And that's okay. Because if SuperMoney is what it takes to make sure we can survive the coming storm, then that's what I'll do. But it's *never* about the money. It's about making sure we survive. 