
I blink. Twice. My brain is trying to process what my eyes are seeing. I take a few slow steps towards the door and let my fingers slide through the scratch marks. They were real. And deep. Like sweet baby jesus I am wondering if the marks are visible from the outside. I cautiously open the door to look. Yep, there are some tiny bumps visible where the wood was shoved backwards. What the actual fuck. I take a small step back. Okay. Okay. Calm down. There has got to be a reasonable explanation for this. It was a chilly night, so I had all my doors locked and my windows closed. I go around the house very slowly, checking which doors were open and which ones were closed. The kitchen was closed, and a quick check revealed yes, there was nothing there. I quietly grab a broom, ignoring the small part of my brain saying that anything that did that work on my front door could eviscerate this wimpy plastic broom like it were nothing. The door to the living room was open. I go in, carefully checking all the corners and looking beneath the tables and chairs at a safe distance. Nothing there either. I start to consider the fact that I am probably safe until I find the basement door open. Oh hell no. This is way too cliche for me. I realize how ridiculous it was for me to be going down the stairs right now on my own and I was still doing it anyway. I reach for the light switch and flick it on, thanking the heavens for the fact that they weren't flickering. I continue to go down the stairs, my feet making heavy thumps on the wood. It was then that I hear breathing. Deep, heavy breathing. I reach the bottom of the stairs to see two pairs of eyes shining back at me at the end of the basement. They belonged to a massive furry silhouette, sitting down with both of its arms wrapped around its legs. Even sitting it looked taller than I was standing up. It made no threatening moves, and rather just looked at me, like an enormous confused child caught out of bed. My brain is going a thousand miles per hour, thinking of the appropriate response to having a monster in my basement. "Hello." Okay, that was probably not it. The monster just stared, and slowly, worriedly, unwrapped one hand to wave at me. An enormous hand with massive claws that could fillet me like a fish if it wanted to. Contact. I guess. Might as well extend some courtesy. "So... if you don't mind, I am going to flip the lights on." It nodded, distinctly covering its eyes with its hands. I took the opportunity and turned the lights on, blinking away the glaring light as my pupils contracted, then giving one more look at the large creature. Oh my god it was huge. It was also a vibrant orange with green stripes. My heart beating a tattoo against my chest, I swallow. "Uhh... are you hungry?" The creature stares dumbfound as I lead it towards the kitchen door, its eyes going wide in amazement as I twist the knob and open it. Even as I lead inside the kitchen it stops to stare at the tiny knob, seemingly trying to understand its secrets. I open the fridge and start to place food in the table. Pizza, ham, my grandma's lentil soup... all of it went straight down the creature's gullet; even the margarine, package and all. I open up an entire jug of grape juice that the creature drank whole in a single gulp before tossing the glass inside its mouth, crushing it all between its teeth like it was nothing. It raised one hand up to its mouth and made the smallest, tiniest burp. It seemed flustered. "Don't worry." Is all I really say. I lead it to the backdoor, partly because something tells me it doesn't want to go out the front door where more people might be watching, and partly because I didn't want to guilt-trip for destroying my door. Then again, I had no idea if it realizes the damage its done to it. I open the backdoor and step out, holding it for the large creature to leave (it once again stopped to look at the knob with great interest). Once outside, it turned to me and gruffed once. "Don't mention it." I say. We both stay there a while longer, it staring at me intently, until I realized maybe I should go inside and leave it alone to go... wherever it is it wanted to go. I give it a small wave and step back in, close the door, and hear a large *thump* coming from outside. I hurriedly open the door again and notice the creature is gone, with nothing but some floating dust in the ground to betray where it once was. I close the door once again, and in doing so I hear another noise: *whump.* Before I could open it I heard a *thump* once again, and the backyard was empty. Empty, save for a massive elk carcass conveniently stationed in my front porch. Its flank was scratched by massive claws, and I coud just barely make letters in it, like a child's handwriting. "T h a N K" ***** EDIT: While I do not usually add in edits to my prompts, this one story was originally written in a bit of a hurry. It embarrassed me so much I went back and re-wrote some of the more glaring syntax and grammatical errors. Thank-you all for enjoying it. 