
"I have a large Meat Lover's Pizza and a two liter of Sprite." the voice echoed as usual. I didn't bother getting up for the door. I knew he was there, this meant it was 8:19pm. Every day like clockwork the apparition of the pizza delivery boy would call through the door. I curse under by breath to no one in particular, today of all days I wished that damn ghost actually had something for me. I'd raided the neighbours a few months ago, the general store months before that. Supplies were low but I refused to leave. This was my home. Is my home. When the electromagnetic event had happened it had left every building untouched, but killed every single man, woman, child, dog and hamster on the planet. Even the cockroaches. Survive anything they'd said, but not this. Nothing had survived this but him. "That'll be 15 bucks please Sir." *Good*, the apparition had been paid and would leave soon. Everyday I see them, ghosts of the dead living their old lives, reliving I suppose, ethereal memories playing out for my entertainment and torture. I lay back in my recliner and try to ignore the painful rumbling in my stomach. If the pizza boy had gone it was only an hour now until she arrived. My reason for staying put, the apparition of my wife will walk down those stairs in an hour and I get to see her face, see her smile just for a moment. "Are you okay Mister?" A child's voice startles me so much I almost leap from the chair. A little girl is standing in my living room just staring at me, I can partially see through her, another apparition, but a new one. I hadn't seen a new one in years, but why is this girl in my house, I don't recognise her. "Hello? Mister?" The apparition is looking right at me and the hairs on my arm stand up on end. "Hello?" I speak through dried rasping vocal chords. "Hello! Are you okay?" she asks with a smile. "Y-yes. How can you, what are you, where did you come from?" The question flies out of my mouth in a flurry so fast I'm amazed she understands. "I'm Penny. Pleased to meet you, are you okay? You look little sick" "Penny. I'm... everything is fine. Tell me what do you remember?" I ask as I lower myself to my knees. "Oh I remember everything, you look hungry, are you hungry?" "Like you wouldn't believe." I put on my warmest smile, my mind racing with questions and confusion. "Follow me!" she chirps enthusiastically. "I have to stay here, this is my home and my wife, she'll be here soon. Maybe you can talk to her for me!" Excitement from revelations and hope brighten my tone but I can't stymie another painful rumble in my stomach. "I promise I will see your wife but please come with me, I know where there is food!" With that she races out the door and I realise I have no choice. I run after her. Outside is unchanged, the buildings still stand undamaged but for the elements and nature reclaiming its domain. I try to call after the girl but she never stops, we race further and further. My lungs burn and my legs ache from lack of use. We eventually reach a restaurant, the Pasta Garden, me and Lizzie had come here on our first date. The girl flew through the window and into the kitchen and I eased open the door, a thick layer of dust covering everything and the place looks nothing like I remember. The kitchen looks frozen in time, only the dried husks of the kitchen staff remain. I carefully navigate my way around them and follow the apparition into the pantry. "See Mister, lots of food!" she gestures at boxes of food and any hope I had instantly fades. What isn't moldy is little more than dust. "I... I can't eat this Penny." I fall to my knees dejectedly. I stumble my way back towards the dining room with Penny walking alongside me, a childlike confusion on her face. I push the door between the kitchen and the dining room open and there she is, looking straight at me. *Lizzie*. "Ben?!" she calls in surprise and my jaw drops. I run and grasp her in my arms without saying a word. She doesn't fade. I hold her tightly in my arms as I look over my shoulder searchingly, tears running down my cheeks, there is no sign of Penny. &#x200B; -------------------------------------------------------------- Comments, criticism and feedback are always appreciated! Thanks for reading. 