
Does immortality exist? Apparently, it does. According to the decision tree, at least. It took John an eternity to find out, it felt like one, but it was closer to 456,890 years, if he was still alive and counting down. His neighbours were long gone by then, off to explore the wonders of the afterlife or to try again at living, but John stayed put. He had always viewed himself as a perfectionist when he was still alive. Naturally, when presented with a decision tree that showcased every possible trajectory of his life, he had to scrutinize it to the smallest detail. Like how he would have become a billionaire and married the love of his life if he had left his house earlier on December 10, 2015, instead of agonizing over his unkempt shoelaces. One branch however, stood out to him. One that kept on going and going, past the 456,890 years that he had spent scrutinizing the decision tree, past the heat death of the universe, past the second heat death of the universe, forever. Essentially, immortality. All he had to do was to attend a science lecture. John looked at the branch, snaking off into eternity, feeling a tinge of regret. Immortality seemed like the perfect achievement for a human being. Conquering the constant that constrained everyone. He peeked at the abandoned decision trees left by others. Some of them had paths that went on forever too. Immortality was definitely not a unique outcome for him alone. But if it was not a unique outcome, were there humans who already unlocked the feature? He ran to the Afterlife Service Desk and presented his query. The angel behind the counter smiled at him. "Of course, there immortals out there, it's just that they're not highly publicized," the angel said matter-of-factly. John pushed his glasses up his nose for dramatic effect. He knew what had to be done. "Send me in for a second try," he requested. The angel nodded and snapped his finger. John disappeared immediately, sent for another try at human life. Contrary to what John said, it was not his second try at immortality, it would be his sixth attempt. But of course, John did not remember. It was part of the requirement of reincarnation. Complete memory wipe. The angel pondered about John's case for a while, wondering why he was so hung up on immortality when the other immortals were already regretting their decision. "Humans," the angel mumbled to itself, before returning to work. ------------ /r/dori_tales 