
"Is... Is he okay in there?" The crew listened for a moment as more sounds echoed up from deep in the hull. "Damn it!" The Arrulesi were a little concerned to say the least. They had never hired a Human before. Partially due to the rumors that originally abounded of their species. They had become well known for an incredible work ethic within a variety of different fields. While they were still new to Faster-Than-Light travel, it didn't take them long to take a real shine to the spacecraft of various species and parties therein. They first met Mike on the edge of the Human star system, Sol. And while he'd been happy enough to work on their ship; he'd been very quiet and to himself thus far. Perhaps the language barrier between himself and some of the others was a bit much. Or maybe just the physical or tribal differences of their species. But they hadn't heard him like this. "Aw shit... Well. Let's see here. Run this connector here. Reset the module. And..." The others saw a flash of bright color below. "Fuck." Another flash. This one brighter than the last. "C'mon." The next one was accompanied by the auxiliary lights coming on in the ship. The others quit listening to check and see if the readings were correct. As worried as they were about Mike, he must have did something right. But then things cut back off, and a sucking noise came from below. Followed by wrenching. Then a repeated knock. The lights came up again, and then back into dark. Followed by more of that same pulling noise. "Cheap ass, no good ass, code-throwing-ass, piece of-" "Micheal?" Yara called down after checking the correct language. "Is everything alright??" "....Are the lights on yet?" "They were," Nisko answered, "but they went back out." "...Okay." More heavy sounds, followed by words again. They honestly didn't have a translation for these. And to be truthful; they each felt rather good that they didn't. "Hey. Try it now." "Okay." She followed procedure, and to her amusement the ship returned to its active state. "YEAH!" Mike echoed from below. Despite their reservations, the others had to give him his props for the repair. He was used to odd compliments. One could only learn to nod to things such as 'Good work meatbag' or 'impressive Dirtling'. Not the nicest reactions, but it would do. "Is everything running?" He asked as Yara fanned the controls. "I'm impressed you've managed to keep it running this well." She smiled. "Here. We'll head to this colony next. They should have any backup parts we need." "Good, because I really hope that it holds up." They increased power to the thrusters, and felt the ship idle, bog and then shudder back down. Below, the same dragging sounds echoed up from before. The aliens looked at each other, then at Yara, before looking at Mike in disappointment. "Seriously?" Yara finally broke. "You know what?" Mike sulked. "I tried. Just... I'm just gonna' go back down here. Let me know if it works again." "I think I need a new mechanic!" Yara sent after him in angst. "Get a ship that's not a shitbox and we'll talk!" r/Jamaican_Dynamite 