
The first thing Al did to me was put his mouth over my nose so he could jam his tongue up one of my nostrils. No, "Hello," no, "Hey, do you mind if I nose-rape you?", no anything. I was displeased and about to throw him out when he said, "Now that our customary exchange of microbes is complete, let's get down to brass ticks. I have here what I believe is the correct number of Ham-ul-tens in order to create a mutually-beneficial co-habitational relationship between us." And to be fair, he was far from the weirdest person I'd met on Craigslist. Plus, I knew what his deal was, you know? Like, I had one roommate who would just watch me. Silent, slack-faced, empty-eyed staring. Sometimes I would look back, try to shame him into breaking eye contact, and he would...not. My friends and I used to try to come up with descriptions of what his secret was. I always assumed it was some spot no one knew about - a murder basement, or an arson shed, or something. Anyway, like I said, I knew what Al's deal was. I think I figured it out before he actually gave me his full name, but the fact that he gave his name as Al E. Ng didn't do him any favors. He was grinning so much as he said it, too, and I know he wanted to wink at me, because he said "Wink" and then cocked his head to one side but didn't actually do anything with his eyelids. Al is also terrible about covering his tracks...and lacks any kind of basic understanding of how stealth works. He likes to say "Because I am such a huge fan of Gee-or-gee Clinton and his Parliament of Funkadelics, I am going to go to the 'mother ship' now. But not a real mother ship, of course. Wink." I followed him once. It was...not a nice ship, to be honest. Like, I don't know what the inter-stellar equivalent is of my uncle's Pontiac, but I'm pretty sure they had it. It smelled awful and there were empty Ritz-bits packages all over the place and so I just went home to watch Netflix. Every few months I tell him that the landlord raised the rent again and he gets me another stack of cash. By the end of the year, I should have enough to put a down payment on a condo across town...assuming Al and his buddies haven't destroyed Earth by then. *** /r/ShadowsofClouds 