
> I'm going to modify this slightly from the prompt. Mars' collapse was inevitable. Though the scientists had warned about the declining state of the environment for years, human greed proved impossible to overcome. As the resources depleted, humanity came to accept the truth of the environmental damage too late to reverse the effects. With the time remaining before the planet became totally uninhabitable, the meager remaining resources were poured into creating a pair of vessels. The first, Adam, was sent to the neighboring planet Earth. It was designed to crash into the planet with such an impact as to force an extinction-level event across the surface of the planet. The resulting destruction would erase the dominant life forms, great reptilian beasts that would have posed too great a threat to humanity, and in the process would release many of the elements bound up in the surface of the world. The ship itself would then distribute stored elements, mixing with that of the Earth's in its oceans and atmosphere to adjust conditions to those required for humanity to thrive. After the chaos caused by the impact subsided, the second ship, Eve, descended to the surface of the re-formed Earth. It extended probes and sensors deep into the surface and upwards into the air like an enormous tree, measuring the conditions of the land and air and coordinating with Adam to micro-adjust the environment to suitable levels. Eventually, the process was complete. Eve's external doors opened, and the humans stumbled out of their stasis pods and into their new life. Unfortunately, so much time in cryosleep had led to extreme neurological regression and memory loss. The new humans could barely comprehend the language of the ship-board AIs, and knew only to avoid the shiny red handle on the control panel high up in the ship Eve. They could not read that it said "Emergency Abort." Eventually, these poor, dumb humans became too curious, and eventually one of them decided they wanted to see what would happen if they pulled it. Eve immediately retracted its sensors and probes, and signaled Adam to do the same. Together, they rumbled to life, the humans outside fleeing out of fear from the great sounds and hiding nearby. The two ships launched and left the planet's surface, following the failure protocol and returning to Mars. Unfortunately, Mars was dead at this point, and without the proper response by crews on Mars, the ships were not safely guided to an orbital dock, but rather crashed into the surface of Mars itself, causing the planet-wide destruction of the footprint mankind had left behind and leaving only dust. On Earth, the humans began anew. They learned to fashion tools and communicate, and eventually how to create and use fire. The rest, as they say, is history. 