
She looked... off. So of course I focused on her. Ever since I have memory, I have been able to listen into people's minds if I concentrate on them enough. Kinda like when you are trying your best to look someoe in the eyes whilst listening to their conversation. It took me a while to tune off the noise of the train we were riding, but eventually everything fell silent. Everything except her. And then I heard a male voice. -I'm bored - said him I wasn't that shocked. She, or rather, him, wouldn't be the first man I mistook for a girl. I smiled a bit thinking of the million "did you just assume my gender?" jokes I had read on the Internet. But then the others replied. -Me too - a little girl, far too young to be the voice of the person I was looking at -Maybe we could play a game - an old man, a heavy Irish accent in his voice -I beat you nine times in a row yesterday, old man, you have a terrible poker face - the 1st guy -I know! - said the little girl again - we should ask the Landlord for a new friend! Ok, what was going on? Three voices? -Yes! Yes! Yes! - an excited child now - New friend! New friends are always fun! And they tell us new stories! And then it started. Voices. So many I lost count. Some were old and wise, some were young and full of hope. Some were very young and happy. Others were serious. And some even spoke with heavy accents and mixing in foreing words in their speach. -Ok then, it's decided - said a very old womanly voice. - I will go talk with the Landlord. Suddenly all fell silent. -Dear? - the elderly woman asked, and the love in her voice almost broke me - Sweety, can you hear me? The girl I was watching twitched a little bit. Like when you have been looking at a screen for a long time and suddenly realize you haven't blinked for a while. And finally, I heard her. There was no mistake. These were the thoughts of the girl I was watching. She matched everything I would expect of her. The tone, the pitch, the tempo. I had no doubts. -Yes, ma'am - said she - I already know. I was listening. -Oh, dear - said the woman again - I hope we haven't come up as rude. -Not at all. I enjoy your company. You are the ones who are keeping me sane. Even here, surronded by people, I would be lonely it it weren't for you. I could suddenly feel a warmth radiating from her. I understood nothing. Was she able to read mind too? Was I tapping into some sort of telepathic conversation? -Remember - the girl said again - I need you all to be quiet for a while. And... also... you know. -We know, dear. We won't interrupt you. And we'll take good care of you too. You will be able to rest. The girl smiled and closed her eyes. She took a deep breath. I didn't know what to expect. Silence... absolute silence. I had tapped into people who thought slowly or even nothing at all for seconds. But this was eerie. Too long. Too quiet. And then... a middle aged woman's voice. -Honey... where are we? -I... I... - a man replied -Daddy, daddy! - said a little girl - look at all these people! They look so... nice! And look at the trees! And the lake! And the sun! It's all so beautiful! -I am afraid - said the woman again - last thing I remember was that... truck. And a very loud noise. What is going on? A flash. I saw it. I saw the birds. I felt the wind. The warmth if the sun. The absolute bliss of that world. -Welcome - she said - you are with me now. For a while. You can leave when you want, and you can stay as long as you please. Until you are ready for what comes next. -Daddy... she's so pretty... is she... is she... an Angel? The girl on the train smiled triumphantly, and for a second she seemed to collapse, only to sit upright again before anyone but me could notice. She flashed her eyes at me and took me off guard. My focus broke. I lowered my gaze. I couldn't think straight for a while after that. The train stopped and she got off. I needed to think. I kept riding. Maybe I will never have all the answers to who she was and what was going on. But of one thing I'm certain. She was full of love. 