
I walked into an empty coffee shop at 10:00 PM. I saw a cute barista gaze at me before I opened the glass door. She turned her back at my and adjusted her outfit. "I'll have an extra large black coffee," I said. It was going to be another long night at the graveyard. The barista faced me. She'd unbutton the top of her blouse making it hard to maintain eye contact. "No need. It's on the house," she said with a smirk. Goddammit. I hate it when this happens. I took out my wallet and withdrew two dollars and placed it on the counter top. "It's okay. I can afford it," I told her. She didn't ring up the register. Instead, she poured me the extra large coffee and served to me with a cookie on the side. I pocketed my money, took the coffee and cookie and headed towards the exit. "Can I ask you something?" The barista said right before I opened the door. "Sure." "Did I just make you feel uncomfortable? I didn't mean too. I just started this job and wanted to show how you're appreciated around here. Please don't tell my boss." I sighed and looked at her. "You didn't make me feel uncomfortable. And no, I will not mention this to your manager, but I'm getting kinda fed up with the misconception of who I am." She cocked her head. "Aren't you the one who kills the zombies?" "Well, zombies are already dead so killing them makes the whole thing redundant. But sure -- I am the one who prevents a horde of undead beings from storming the city." "That's what I thought. So how did I misconceive who you are?" I walked back towards her and placed my food and drink on the counter. "Because that's what I do, but who do you think I am?" I asked gently. "A modern paladin," she whispered. "They're the ones who smite the work of necromancers. Paladins are smart, bold, a master of combat. They're usually as wealthy as a physician, and easy on the eyes." She sounded like she was explaining an ideal future spouse. "Right you are, but I am none of those things." I combed back my salt and pepper hair to show a receding line. I lifted the edge of my lips and revealed a row of black and missing teeth. I continued, "I'm hideous looking -- someone who's pale skin would turn red the moment it felt the exposed sun. I am not smart, but I can dig a 6 foot hole quicker than anyone you know. I am not wealthy; I live in a shack outside the memorial center's lawn. And I cannot wield any weapon. Miss, I'm nothing more than a grave keeper." She gazed at me as if she was a child who found out Santa wasn't real. "But then, how do you slay the undead?" she said. "I cram a shovel through their neck," I said. "Usually you can hear a corpse scratching on their coffin -- sounds like a mouse scampering in an attic -- about an hour they dig themselves through the dirt. All I do is wait for them to show their rotting faces, and when I see them, I put the shovel's blade through their esophagus." The barista winced and gave a disapproving look. "Their head pops off without effort. Sometimes -- if I get bored-- I'll let one pull itself out of its hole and meander around the yard. That allows me a little creativity with my kill. I typically go for their legs first, crippling the son of a bitch. They turn their eyeless gaze upon me before I --" "You can stop," the barista said. She didn't appear to be interested with anything else I had to say. She put her hair up and buttoned up her blouse. "Uh, are you sure? Some of the games I play with them are quite funny. Like one time --" "Please. No more," she said and backed away from the register. I picked up my coffee and cookie, turned around, and walked toward the door. "Hey!" the barista called out. "You need to pay for that!" 