
A hand, one of six, slammed on the smooth metal desk. The metal bent under the pressure, but soon worked to repair itself once Kandu lifted his appendage. "What do you mean? They can't be working on a way to escape. We just purged the idea of interstellar travel from their minds eighty star rotations ago." Kandu's voice was gravelly, as usual, but it came with a certain amount of exasperation. Out of all the dangerous life forms that the organization had to contain, humans were by far the worst. "They are, sir," Palu responded. He had several different forms in his hand, all of them detailing the growth and activity of Containment Case 42: Humanity. "They have placed observatory drones on the nearby planet, and are sending out drones to document their containment pocket." Palu then shuffled through the documents again. His eyes, all eight of them, rested on one document in particular. "They seemed intent on exploring the galaxy ever since they could comprehend the satellite orbiting their containment planet." "*I know that*," Kandu hissed. "What I want to know is how they are progressing so quickly. No other SCP has recovered so quickly from having their memories wiped." "Well, that's because they are Containment Case 42," Palu said. "They have always been outliers. All we can do is wipe them again." "But they're getting smarter," Kandu said. "Every time we wipe them, they simply relearn the process again. Last time it took them a thousand years. We had to reduce their spacecraft to monuments in a desert. Before that they took two thousand years. I believe they call the remnants of *that* space voyage 'Stonehenge'. Now they are less than a century from their last wipe, and each time they get a little more sophisticated. Am I the only one who sees the threat?" Palu shook his head. "That is simply the nature of Containment Case 42." Kandu grunted. Apparently the answer wasn't good enough. "And what happens when they become too smart? What happens when we wipe their memories to no avail?" "We will cross that bridge when we get there." "I say we nuke the damn things. They aren't like SCP 9k. They aren't indestructible." "We have tried that," Palu said. He retrieved one file from many and slid it over to his superior's side of the desk. "We blanketed their entire planet in frost, reducing the temperature to a level that no living, sentient being should have been able to survive." Kandu hummed. He had read the files already, he already knew what became of that. "They managed to survive," Palu continued. "We wiped their memory of the event, but it seems like they figured it out. They know not of our involvement, but they know that they survived it." "We can do it again. Twice as long and twice as inhospitable." "It is strongly advised against," Palu said. "On what grounds?" Kandu challenged. "On the grounds that we fail. As of right now, our strongest weapons can only void an area of the things necessary to survive. The humans have proven already that they need much less than others to do such." "There has to be some way." Kandu slammed three hands on his desk now. The metal appliance nearly buckled under the man's rage. "We cannot allow those monsters into the universe." Palu sighed. He pulled yet another sheet from the pile he had in his arms and slid it over to his boss. "There is... one weapon. It not only voids the area of resources, but it eliminates all life whatsoever. It is a weapon of unparalleled ability that is banned even on the planet it originates from." Kandu nodded. Such a thing would be perfect. "Excellent. What species holds this device?" Palu frowned. His tentacles writhed, a clear sign of his discomfort. "You won't like the answer." Kandu hummed. "I don't have time for you cryptic bullshit. Which planet has this weapon?" "The humans." Kandu paled. His eyes sought those of his subordinate and narrowed. "Their ingenuity towards all things destruction is legendary. Why do you think we had to contain them in the first place?" 