
"Well, Mike - the good news is that we have a name for it: *Macrocordyceps acutus*," the doctor told me. "The bad news is, well, everything else. You asked me to be frank with you, so I will be. It's not well understood, particularly in humans. We know that it's a kind of parasite that affects behaviour in mammals. There aren't many human case studies but the nature of your sleep-walking, night terrors and amnesia all fit the profile and your bloodwork has confirmed its presence in your body." I had panicked and started babbling at him, demanding more. All he could offer me was a drug trial. I could be in the first round of humans to test something that had only ever been used on mice. Apparently it stopped their behavioural anomalies with no visible side effects. I didn't really have a choice. I signed up. It was a 6-week course of taking 3 pills a day, at mealtimes. I was told not to expect any change during this time. The pills were laying the groundwork for a "big flush", which would take place at a clinic where I'd have to stay overnight for observation. I dutifully took my pills and awaited the day of reckoning. It came, and there I sat, the amber tendril of their experimental drug plugged into my arm. It took an hour to drain the bag, and then I just had to wait. They handed me a kidney dish to puke in. I felt dizzy and a bubble of nausea rose from my stomach. I tried to lift the bowl to my mouth but my arms wouldn't respond. One hand flailed vaguely and sent the dish clattering across the room. The floor swung upwards at me as I lurched out of my chair and everything went black. My face hit the floor and all I could feel were the cold tiles against my cheek and the warm spurts of liquid being heaved up from my core. My extremities tingled, then went numb. My senses shut down one by one until suddenly my spatial awareness detached entirely. I was no longer a passenger in my skull, observing the world from behind my eyes. I was in my throat, in my mouth, in the stream of liquid, I was ejected from my body and I pooled there on the floor, deprived of my senses, with nothing left of me but thoughts in the darkness and the silence. The room was gone. I hung in a void; no eyes to open, no ears to hear, no skin to feel. I cast about for anything, anywhere, and felt... nothing. No up, no down, no space or time... no sensory input at all. >*I've been removed from my own body.* I'd been unplugged from my senses and left in a puddle. Then I realised. >*Not* my *senses. Not* my *body. I was the parasite, not the host.* Understanding detonated in my mind as I accepted this realisation. I was never Mike. I had been occupying Mike, installed like malware, hijacking his brain to process my own thoughts and create my own memories. I just didn't realise until I was purged like the poison I was. >*I'm the poison that actively sought a medical procedure to purge itself from its victim.* My wife, Jessica, always had to tell me about my night-terrors, because I never remembered them. Apparently I would shake her awake in the middle of the night, pleading incoherently for help, rambling about being a "prisoner", a "spectator", or a "passenger". She would just shush me and put me back to sleep, until one day I stopped disturbing her. She would wake to an empty bed only to find me passed out on the stairs of our apartment building or outside on the street. When I was found asleep at the wheel of her car, alarms howling, apparently having floored it straight out of the driveway and into the car parked across the street, we had no choice but to seek medical help. >*That was him. The real Mike. He tried to get help from Jessica. When she failed him, he had to try to escape on his own.* My focus wavered... what was I thinking about? Something important? Jessica! >*Was Jessica even Mike's wife? How long had I been in control? When did I infect him, forking his memories into my own private train of thought? Did I marry her, or did he?* I felt foggy, my mind scattered. I couldn't think straight. Every thought was a grinding effort... >*Had Mike been like a passenger, watching me take a joyride? Could he see and hear everything? Or was he trapped in a void like this, only occasionally clawing his way out into the world, in the dead of night, to stagger blearily around a stranger's apartment, grasping for deliverance?* I faded a little, then resurfaced. It felt like waking up with no idea how long I had been asleep and no eyes to open. I didn't even have a brain any more. There was no organ fit to run a human mind in the puddle of sludge, just the dregs of whatever hyphal network I had insinuated into Mike's nervous system. >*How long ago was I purged? A few minutes? Hours? Days?* Maybe no time had passed at all. Maybe this was all one dying moment, like my life flashing before my eyes. A final thought occurred to me: >*Please, Mike... please love Jessica.* Then the sludge gave out. 