
"He's usually home from school by now." Said the first one as it paced. Its voice was a raspy echo with a hint of softness. The other was leaning forward in the chair, not disturbing the frayed fabric of the cushion."I know." Its voice was as rough as the other, but deeper and steady. A knee was going up and down at a rapid pace, its wispy hands tented. "What do we do?" "We've searched the entire house." The pacing one stopped, hand hanging closed below the chin, "But what do we do? Where could he have gone? What i-" "Stop-" The sitting one loosed its hands and stood to cross the room, passing over the worn hardwood and through the couch to stand beside the other, "He probably stopped for something. Food, soda, I don't know. He's a boy; boys get into things." There was a quiet moment. The clock one the bookshelf ticked. The only sound was my breath into the hollows of the mask flowing back to my ears. The one started pacing again, slower this time. A car pulled up outside. My uncle was home from work. "Someone just pulled in." said the one with the steady voice. Both looked and then moved to the front door where they watched silently, their bodies intersecting each other. A car door shut and soon I heard footsteps. The storm door swung open and the door hinges whined as the inner door swung back. Uncle Andy stooped to set his bag down when he caught a glimpse of me and jumped, "Jesus! Ed what are you doing wearing a mask like that in the house?" I shrugged only halfway listening as both of the ghosts turned in my direction. I could see their eyes searching. I shrugged, "I don't know, I found it on my way home from school." When I spoke both of the ghosts moved towards me. I stepped back from them. Neither seemed to be able to see me at all. The pacing one moved too fast and passed through me. "I heard him! He's here! He's right here!" said the pacing one. "I know! I know!" said the other, "but I still don't see him!" "Well that's neat but could you take it off?" Andy asked. "You're acting a little strange." And so I did. As I lifted it from my face, the ghosts caught sight of me. The one that had been pacing. She simply stared, her mouth slightly agape. The other let out an almost inaudible "oh." Our eyes met, and then they were gone. 