
The first time is always the most painful, they say. It is supposed to get easier with time. Each moon brings more control, more awareness. My first shift was terrible. The pain of twisting and bending bones, the tendons skewing out of place to reform. Mercilessly, I didn't remember much more than that. The next moon was a celebration. I would run with my family. Hunt elk as a pack, and I would be able to experience the joy of being free in my fur. Instead, I woke the next morning in the cement cell. The place used for feral beasts. For invadeders to our pack land. No one would tell me why. My mother wept, my father looked away. There was fear in their gazes. A fear that my mother assured me would pass. I was new. Something different. They hadn't seen this malformation in person, but they could help fix it. They wouldn't tell me what happened, said that I would have to find the essence of my soul alone. Search for it and connect. Months bled by. Meditation and quiet contemplation became my life. But, each moon was the same. A change, a black out from the pain, and I would awake in my cell. No matter how much I begged, they wouldn't tell me why. Then the final night came, and when I awoke, I was surrounded by them all. Chained to a tree, scratches on their skin. They looked tired, bruised. My brother had a black eye that was slowly healing. "We're so sorry. We.. the curse.. sometimes it makes it this way. Not often.. but.." I panted, looking to my mother. My father. She was crying, weeping as my brother slowly approached with a torch. It was cold on my skin, and became colder still with dread. "We need to cleanse you. Your pelt.. we have to burn it. You don't change properly. You get half way there and get stuck. Tonight.. tonight we had to cut it off of you. I'm so sorry.. you will lose the wolf soul." They were covered in goo. The ecotoplasm that came with the shift. In their hands was my fur. My wolf. Broken and lifeless in their fingers. I could feel it, struggled toward it. I needed it, and my own tears fell. "Please! There has to be another way!" I begged, but I already knew it was too late. They sat the pelt before me, the cold chains digging across my naked form. A torch came, the acrid smell of gasoline. They soaked the fur, the dark browns turning nearly black, then they lit it on fire. It didn't hurt. Feeling the wolf part of my soul extinguish was like a sigh. We'd never joined right. Properly. My family stood around until the last embers faded, then they let me go. Hugs, tight presses. I would never be wolf. But I would no longer suffer. Human. *Edit* Thank you for the support :) My first writing prompt. It was fun. 