
It's quite embarrassing really. I mean, who wants to have their little brother escort them to school every morning. Stay fifteen feet back, wait until everything is clear, and whatever you do, do not grab aggro. Every. Single. Morning. You see, I have this, what my parents call, "condition". I am normal in almost every sense, expect for the fact that I cannot gain experience points. Every single person born begins with the quest "A New Beginning", but not me. No matter what I do. I have killed endless rabbits, squirrels, deer, falcons, and basically everything in sight that is level 3 or lower. Nothing. Not one single damn point. Nothing I have ever done has triggered the quest. My parents have taken me to doctors, shamans, which doctors, guild masters, among others. No one could understand why my HUD would not trigger the quest. Level 1, 10 health. That's it. My younger brother, on the other hand, has never had a problem. My parents often watched old videos recapping some of his, our, mile stones. When brother was six months old, my parents discovered that one of his natural perks was food and cooking. He gained three levels from eating his first solid meal. Not just three experience points, but three levels. At five years old, he was already level fifteen and had mastered cooking and potion making. He had a knack for these things. Of course he did, these were his perks. Me, ha! I was fed my first solid food at two years old and almost choked to death. I once went outside to sit in the grass and suffered critical damage. No one suffers damage from just sitting in the grass, no one but me. That was just one of the many scares my parents had to endure. At six years of age, my parents gave me a set of armor, a small sword, and shield. They bought some training grubs from the local shop in hopes that killing them would give me some experience points. Nope. I took me fifteen minutes to kill one of them and another three hours for the rest. Stamina is a thing I did not have. My brother finished clearing the path to school, as he did every morning. He tells me he does not mind, but I know it bothers him that he cannot hang out with friends in the morning or right after school. I do love him for it though. We finally made it to the building with about twenty minutes to spare. Not to my surprise, fresh writing shined on the face of my locker mocking my "puny little boy level". Whatever. The first warning bell rang and I made my way to my first class, Enchanting. They say enchanting is a lucrative skill to learn, but for me, not really. In fact, high school is basically useless. I can study the motions and theory, but I cannot make any of the recipes, or enchants, or weapons, or armor beyond level one. I am always required to have a partner for lab which gets old quick. It's not like I can hold any of the material, too high for my level. So most lab days I just sit there and watch whoever is willing to take me on. Period 5, physical activity. Perfect. Everyone gets to play capture the flag while I sit there and thing of new strategies for winning. Coach just rolls his eyes. Period 7, weapon and spell training. Humiliating. Teacher casts a protective bubble around me. Great, alienate me more. Final bell. I hear my brother calling me from the hallway to hurry. Fine. Again, stay fifteen feet back, wait until everything is clear, and whatever you do, do not grab aggro. This time something happened. What is that. AN ITEM DROPPED. I have never had an item drop before. Never. I picked it up, my HUD flashed. EPIC QUEST: GENESIS Level 1 10 Health 25 Mana Edit: wording 