
I never thought heaven would be like this- it's strange, really. Glorious, but strange. Like listening to a song so good you never thought it could have existed. I expected something completely different. You see, I was raised a Catholic, and a good one at that, and had always imagined heaven to he something like a giant golden city on a new and glorious earth. I hadn't really thought about it that much, to be honest. I died about 2 weeks ago in a car accident along with three of my friends from high school. We were just getting back from a track meet when we got T-boned by a semi on the intersection of Janus Road and 125. Not very pleasant, I know. They weren't raised good Catholics, so I'm not surprised they're not here with me. In all honesty I never liked them very much. Still, who knows what hell is like with heaven being this different? If you've wondered about the transition from life to the afterlife, let me describe it to you the best I can- after the accident, things went dark. I'm not clear on my theology but maybe this is the part where I wait for Jesus to come back along with all the other dead people on earth? Or maybe it's just an intermediary stage? Something everybody gets? I woke up looking at something like the sun- a huge, distant circle of white light suspended in a dark sky. The air crackled around me. I couldn't move a muscle as a buzzing sound drew me to the light. I genuinely hoped heaven was clearer, I really couldn't see much. But my fears were calmed. Next thing I knew, I was in a silky white room, pure white, like the most beautiful pearl you'e ever seen. The walls were softer than baby skin. A glorious sound, like a distant choir, rang throughout it- and I was filled with the most powerful joy I had ever felt in my life. It flowed through me like a new kind of blood. Time became irrelevant. This joy was incomprehensible. For those of you still bound to the earth, heaven is- indescribably joyful and wonderful. Sometimes, an angel (majestic creatures, like illuminated supermodels garbed in the most delicate of sky blue) would come to show me visions of my family back alive. They were struggling, crying. I could see my mother and my father, arm in arm, mourning my loss. They even spoke to me. But I had the most glorious news for them- heaven was only a few years away, and trust me, it was well worth the wait. -- Found written on the walls of Room 218, Byron T. McMannis Long-Term Care Facility and Psychiatric Facility, June 8th, 2007. Patient reverted into catatonic state after 20 days of confinement. Life support pulled June 21st, 2007 at request of legal guardianship of patient, Harry Silvers. Patient experienced catastrophic brain damage per a car accident on May 3rd, 2007. Surgery unsuccessful. 