
Friday morning. The last time I would have to hear my alarm, well, until Monday. I turn off the buzzing of the alarm to not wake my wife, kiss her on the cheek, and go downstairs to start making coffee. The office has a Keurig machine, but I have always thought you couldn't beat a pot of coffee in the morning. I step outside to smoke my first one of the day. My wife hates it. Really, everyone hates it. I put a cigarette to my lips, light it, and without even looking up, I know the neighbors are judging me. I look at the carton in my hand. I remember when they used to just have the Surgeon General's warning. I wonder what's on here today... STOP SMOKING ASSHOLE in big, red letters. Cute. Less personal than I am used to, but blunt. Not bad. The ads had been getting more and more hurtful, so something broad and unspecific was nice. I go in, grab a cup of coffee, and return to the patio. I turn the radio on, waiting to hear how traffic is for my drive into the city. "The weather today looks fairly nice, some clouds but mostly sunny. Highs in the high 60's, low 70's. Traffic looking pretty clear, some congestion downtown but it is Friday, after all." The man on the radio laughs, apparently amused by his own joke. "Also, a big shout out to the last douchebag that still smokes! If you wanted something small and thin in your mouth, maybe start working on your flexibility!" He laughed again, and I laughed with him. That was one was pretty good. Sucking my own cock, hadn't heard that one before. Oh well, time to shower and get ready for work. The man on the radio was right, it is congested downtown. That's fine though. I left early, so I have plenty of time to get there. No reason to be upset. I roll down my windows, stuck in traffic a mile from my exit. I pull out another cig, doing nothing but enjoying the day. I start to zone out, when the person in the car next to me starts waving to get my attention. We are both crawling along on the interstate, so I mouth "What?" since I don't think he could hear me. Choosing to try to be heard, the man yells over the sounds of the highway. "Hey retard! You just trying to give me cancer? Do that somewhere else, ya idiot!" I slowly flip him the bird, but then I see it. A huge billboard with my face on it. In my mouth, a cigarette. In small letters above my head, it says "Only a moron would smoke a..." and in huge letters on my forehead, "FAGGOT." From this distance, I can hardly see the small lettering, but I bet if I tried hard enough I could see my face and the word from home. I sigh, and flick my ash onto the slowly moving road beneath me. "Maybe I should cut back a bit. Yanno, for my health." 