
"Don't be so glum, Jack. It's really quite a special condition." "That's exactly what it is. A *condition*. A disease." "It's a shame you can't control it, Jack, I'll give you that. And we don't know what your trigger will be. That could make it a tad inconvenient. But a *dragon*, Jack! We always imagined we were dragons when we were little, remember? Now you get to *be* one!" "Easy for you to say, Anna. You've had your form under control since you were ten." Anna swished her tail lazily beneath the tree branch that supported her. Jack paced beneath. "You know the Ministry will be after you," Anna said. "Of course they will be. And I refuse to become a weapon for their deluded cause." "They would help train you, at least. Get your form under control." "At what cost? Killing innocent people for territory? Absolutely not. Maybe I should just go live deep in the woods somewhere where I won't hurt anyone." "And what will that accomplish? Dragons have wings, in case you forgot. You'll be able to fly from wherever you are to wherever your form wants to go." "I wonder," Jack said, "what will happen to my mind." "Well, you know it depends on the form. Wolves can barely control themselves, but I'm just a panther with a human mind. It depends on the person, too, how much willpower they have." Jack shuffled his feet. "I feel like it changes day by day." Then he started breathing heavily, then coughing. He fell to his knees, his breath coming in ragged gasps. "Jack?" Anna leapt down from her perch and went over to him. She was about to put her paw on his arched back when bony spikes shot through his shirt along his spine. He threw his head back and let out a bone chilling screech. His arms and underarms snapped open to reveal scaly wings with claws at the end. He was a snake molting, a chick hatching. His skin was bloody where it tore, it hung off him in tatters. He grew. Soon he was ten feet tall, twenty, thirty. He towered over the clearing, narrow eyes blazing with the fire inside his belly. He let out a screech that ran for miles and put shivers into everyone who heard it. Anna cowered behind the tree, looking up at Jack, looking for something to tell her he was still there, inside. "Jack," she said as loudly as she dared, "can you hear me?" *Of course I can*, a voice in her head said. *I can hear everything now. Your voice, the voice of the trees and the birds. The heartbeat of the world. I understand it all now. They tell me to rule over them, to protect them. I intend to*. "W-what does that mean?" *I have tasted true power, Anna. I can feel it in my bones, in my dragonfire. I can't be content as a bystander in this feeble world anymore. I must dominate it. I am destined to dominate it.* "You're being delusional, Jack. Don't you remember what we just talked about? Your mental state..." *Of course I remember. But my eyes are open now - my real eyes. Goodbye, Anna, for now. I have work to do.* He beat his wings down and the air buffeted the clearing. He rose into the air like a fearsome vessel from the depths of the sea. Anna called out as he flew away: "Where are you going?" There was no response, and she thought he hadn't heard her. Then the voice in her head spoke: *To the Ministry* --- Edit: Wow, this blew up! Thank you all so much for the kind words and support! This is my most popular story EVER! I've created a subreddit so I can share the forthcoming Part II that you all are demanding :) Subscribe to /r/xilead to read Part II (when I get a chance to write it, I'm sorry!) and all my future Writing Prompts stories. I'll post my backlog as well. Hopefully there will be some original stories soon as well. Edit 2: [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/xilead/comments/6cmkx1/part_2_wp_lycanthropy_is_a_real_disease_that/) is now available! 