
"Oh, uh, what seems to be the problem here, buddy?" John said. It was the 10th alien he had seen that day, as the check-in nurse at the ER in a hospital in Vancouver. The alien was a purple blob with two eye stalks and at least as many limbs. "IHUH8hfdnbaf97y- (*&_&FBhbvagv606)*(* jn jfndab606)))," the alien said. It then coughed, and a yellow slug fell out of what John hoped was its mouth. "Ah, that's better. As I was saying, my polar gladiax is all spreckly. I think it has something to do with the magnetic field on Ratel, where I was visiting a groobling for a party. You know how it is. "Ah, okay, buddy, well I'll log that down and see what I can do for ya." "Thanks, human. You guys are alright." ***** "It's been three years, when are the Canadians going to wise up to what's going on here?" US diplomat Jim Hunter said to his UK counterpart, Boorish Counterbottoms. "I'm telling you, it's an invasion!" "Well, they've only asked for healthcare so far," Boorish said. "I'm just as surprised they don't swim 'cross the pond. Ah well, not our problem then." "But why don't the Canadians just tell them to go somewhere else? How much money are they spending on this? I swear, ever since they legalized the Devil's weed, they just don't give a shit about anything." "Well perhaps that's it. The extra tax is being used. Last I heard, I think they are getting something out of it, though. They haven't been telling us any specifics as far as I'm aware, but they are getting some tech trade going." "Tech trade?" Jim was intrigued. He hadn't heard anything about this, and it made him wonder if the British agencies just shared more with their diplomats, or if there was something his government didn't know. "Yes, that makes more sense." ***** The purple blob, healed now, sat across from Justin Trudeau. "Yes, we can give you warp drive. I'm surprised you didn't have it already, considering you provide health care for all beings in the universe." "Yes, well..." Trudeau began, before stopping himself. "Yes, anyway, the warp drive would be very helpful to our people." "Oh, it's nothing, that slabar was streckling my polex like a Guaranian texstute! Anyway, we have plans for you that will be easy enough to duplicate." "We can't thank you enough." ******* Ten years later, Captain Jones stared down at the Earth from the mothership of the Canadian Space Force. All around him, ships shaped like maple leaves and hockey pucks maneuvered around each other like falling snowflakes. "Everything ready?" the new Prime Minister over a secure radio channel. "Yes, sir," Captain Jones said. "This will be known as the day that Canada became the first country to emigrate from Earth." "Right well, let's get on with it. It's time we Canadians stand up for ourselves, and get the fuck out of here before it's too late." Wave after wave of red and white spaceships launched from the Earth all at once, as the world watched in awe. Streaks of light vanished into the sky, with roars that were quickly quieted with distance. "Now..." Captain Jones said, the Earth disappearing from view, "...they are the ones who are sorry." 