
Carl Sagan once said 'we are star stuff'. I always loved that quote, growing up. The thought that part of me could have come from a star, somewhere in space, burning hotter than I can imagine-- it made my heart race as a kid. But it's so much more than that. Carl had the right idea, and it was just a quote out of a much bigger point, but still. We are not just star stuff. We are stars, and stars are us. I've come to realize this on my second run through life. The first, I was a human, and now, I am a star. A red giant, not the most incredible star to write home about, but hey--still pretty cool, right? Or, I guess, hot. Anyway, the funny thing is that I've been this way for a while, now. Burning up, rumbling, entirely tumultuous on the inside like a washing machine filled with lava. And just as my life as a human, I have a place in the world. I burn, provide warmth for whatever lies around me. I pull, keeping nearby planets from hurling out into space. It's actually quite hard work, really, not unlike my job as an emergency responder. That was tough, and so is this. And they're equally important. We're all so much more similar than we think. That's the biggest thing I wish I could go back and tell everyone on Earth; that, if we can relate to stars in so many ways, how can we not relate to ourselves? How can we bicker and fight over petty differences when the reality of it all is that, simply, we're the same? Everything. Planets, people, stars and rivers and oceans and dark matter. We're all doing our part to keep this place going. Nothing exists without a point. We're born, we live, we die, and ultimately, whether you wanted to or not, you helped the universe take another step forward into the unknown. The grand scheme of everything progresses with or without you caring. If there's one more thing my time as a star has taught me, it's just simply that the point of life is to live. And, if you have the freedom to enjoy it in your own way, as humans do--then enjoy it. Don't waste the opportunity fretting about your place or fighting over something that won't exist when things come to a head. And believe me, your family squabbles, your teetering friendships, legacy and wealth and fame--they won't be around for long. The world will die, as all things do. So why, then, not enjoy what you can in your little sliver of prescience? Because one day, maybe sooner than you'd like, you'll end up a star like me, and let me tell you--this life is all work and no play. So please just take your time on this little journey you've been allowed to trek. It's better than you think. */r/resonatingfury* 