
One week until show time. It's not like he had a choice in the matter, the pull of the past was simply impossible to ignore. He's tried before, simply *not* doing whatever thing his fellow inmates told him he had done. Shank his cellmate, brawl with the guards, try to escape - there were countless times he could test it. Each time, when the moment came, he'd tried to not act on it. Just for fun, just to see what would happen. Would time collapse? Would the world stop spinning on its axis, the future crumble in on itself? After all, he still existed somewhere, right? In the future he had lived, he existed. If he didn't complete some pivotal past moment, maybe he would disappear altogether. Escape the prison in a way no-one else had ever attempted. Escape the Earth. But each time, his feet had moved of their own volition, his hands had grasped their weapon of choice, his body knew what it had to do as the links of the past fell in place. It was an almost religious experience. Lately, each time he completed a piece of the past, he caught a glimpse of serene, silent surroundings, of angels dressed in white. His ultimate future, perhaps? If he could travel back in time, maybe he could see the future as well. It made sense, didn't it? And soon, he would see how he had earned his nickname: 'Can't Stop' Calum. For the words he'd repeated over and over, when the police found him standing over the ruined bodies of a family of five, raving where he stood drenched in blood. *I can't stop. Can't stop.* Time seemed to speed up in the last week, each hour building momentum, each second disappearing faster than the one before, as if he were running to meet the past. Here he was being taken to jail. An interrogation with two grizzled policemen, where he sat silently, staring at the wall. Here were his hands, covered in blood, five bodies scattered like broken dolls around his feet. Here he was slitting their throats, a nameless family who didn't know why they had to die. Truth be told, he didn't either. But he wanted to offer them some word of explanation. "I can't stop," Calum said, the only words that he could find. "Can't stop." But it was right, he knew. For the world was suddenly blinding white, and he could see the angels welcoming him home. Perhaps this wasn't a glimpse of the future, but of the past. If he went back far enough, he would meet them. The message couldn't be clearer: this was right. He was screaming the words now, shouting his explanation so they would know. He grasped the angel's arm. "I can't stop," he pleaded, looking into her eyes for understanding. Blue, almost human-looking eyes. "Yes, I know," she sighed, and plunged something into his arm. The world went mercifully dark, and he stepped into the void with a smile, the sight of her white robes still fixed in his mind's eye. -------------- The intern was staring at her with wide eyes. "You let him *touch* you. Isn't he dangerous?" " 'Can't Stop' Calum?" Nurse Alison Warren said, smiling at the girl. "They brought him here a few years ago, when he wouldn't stop muttering that sentence in his cell. We took the restraints off after a while. Never harmed me yet, he seems to like it here. Just sedate him when he gets too loud for the others, ok?" -------- Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. 