
It's been weeks since Kari, Tory, and Grant left the vault for food. It's just Jamie and I now. Either their radio is dead or they are, and in a few more days, it won't make a difference. We've run out of supplies. It's funny, everyone seems to have their "go-to" plan for the unlikely event of a zombie invasion, apocalypse, brutal takeover. Ours was the latter, or so I'd been told. I've kept guard over the vault since the first bombs started to fall. Everyone's first priority is always the same; weapons. Weapons don't feed a growling stomach. Weapons don't maintain moral. When resources run out, weapons can't save you anymore. We used to trade arms for food with the other cells, but after they turned on us, we had neither supplies nor sustenance...or the manpower to acquire it. Wars of attrition isn't our specialty, to say the least. "We're better than this," said Jamie, "The others were better than this. The network is better than this." "We won't make to next week, we have to move now, one way or another!" I shouted, "The others aren't coming back Jamie! They were second-rate stars and third-rate scavengers. It's just me and you now. We have plenty of rounds and C4, let's make a move. This isn't a TV show anymore." Jamie approached me and smiled, "Adam. Do you remember that episode we did where we put pop-rocks in a stomach with soda? Or the one where we tested walking versus running in the rain? Those were good times buddy." I should mention at this point that Jamie had lost all semblance of sanity weeks ago. I'm not sure what caused it. He was always quiet, but now I couldn't get him to keep his mouth shut for more than a minute or two. "Focus! We're going to die in here if we don't relocate." Suddenly, we heard static on the radio. It was Grant's voice. I ran to it while Jamie sat and started banging his head against a wall, as he routinely did in between conversations. His beret was torn. His glasses broken. "Adam! Jamie! They've got us! They're coming for the vault, run!" "Grant? Is that you?" Nothing. I waited for what seemed like hours as Jamie continued to hit his head against the reinforced concrete that entombed us. I had to get out, and Jamie was becoming more of a liability than anything else. I couldn't take him with me. The others couldn't be far off, the walkies had a small range while in the bunker. I had one last job for Jamie. "How much C4 do we have left?" I asked. "There was a metal bar we cut once with C4." he answered, "I would have preferred a saw, but you know, it works." I ignored him and he grinned at me and resumed his ritual. I quickly moved to our make-shift armory. I grabbed an M4 with a few magazines next to it, a Glock 17, and as much C4 as I thought I could carry. I returned to my bed and pulled out a chest from under it that contained items for the closest thing I could mimic to a 72 hour kit I had made a few days earlier. I returned to the armory to gear up and depart. As I slung a now-full backpack around my shoulders and stood up. Before I could turn to exit the room, I heard Jamie's voice. "What do you think? Busted, Plausible, or Confirmed?" he asked. "What do you mean?" I turned and saw him holding a Glock of his own. I knew I should have watched him. "Buddy, you've got to put that down, we need to go". "I asked what you think." he said, his voice raised now. He pointed the gun at his head. "Do you think if I pull this trigger the force of the bullet will be enough to splatter my brains on the wall or on the floor? TELL ME ADAM! IS IT PLAUSIBLE??" "Jamie! Put it down!" I yelled. I took off my bag and took cover behind a shelf. I kept my eyes on him, he was looking in the same position that I was standing in, as if I never moved. I called out to him "Look, I'll just go. I've been holding you back." "You're not going anywhere until you answer my question." he said. His finger was on the trigger now and his grin widened. He was standing in my only exit, I had to make a move. I pointed my gun at him and came into view. "This is your last warning, I'm not going to let you keep me in here." "Is it plausible?" "Is it plausable? What?? You've lost your mind! Either I go through that doorway with or without you!" "Wrong answer, Adam." "Sure man, whatever you say, it's plausible." I instantly regretted giving into his demands. His eyes glossed over and his grin became a full smile. He pulled the trigger. I rushed to his side yelling his name, hoping he would recuperate. Nothing, no sign of life. Suddenly, I could hear a banging on the main door. I could hear Grant's voice. I ran and opened it. In came the Discovery Channel camera crew along with Grant, Kari, and Tory. Grant was ecstatic as he looked into the camera's lens. "Well, there you have it! It's confirmed! You really can fool someone into thinking that going outside is too dangerous. What do you have to say for yourself, Adam? Was it the fake bomb vibrations that fooled you most or the squib we placed on Jamie's head?". He looked over at Jamie, "Good work buddy!" The crew was clapping as Jamie rose up and took a bow. They approached me and posed for a closing shot. I still had one bullet in the chamber... 