
"You live like this?" The burgler asked, gently waking me up. I opened my eyes and stared at the ceiling. "Yeah." She walked across the room and started rummaging through my dresser. Casually dropping socks and some receipts on the floor. I wasn't sure why the receipts were in there, I hadn't bought anything in years. She muttered. "Bunch of crap, nothing worth taking." I sighed and sat up, sliding my legs off the bed and onto the dog. He snorted and rolled over. Useless damn thing. Just lets someone walk into my room. I rubbed his belly with my bare foot. His tongue lolled out the side of his pug face. He snorted again contentedly. "What are you looking for?" She looked over her shoulder and glared at me before answering. "Dunno, something worth taking I guess." "Take this shitty dog, he's worthless." I got up and headed to the kitchen, she continued to rummage around in my room. I made coffee. The dumb dog followed me and headed to his bowl. Stupid thing is always hungry. I ignored it, didn't have anything for him anyway. The day was grey with a slight drizzle, but it was bright enough I could see my way around. I left the light off, figured the burglar would prefer that. Something crashed and broke in the bathroom. I grabbed the coffee off the machine and took a careful sip. Stuffs hot right when it comes off the machine. "What the hell are you doing? Breaking my bathroom up?" I leaned around the corner and peered down the hall, a shadow moved there, she had turned on the bathroom light. Some burglar. Loud as hell and now turning on lights. Her head poked through the bathroom door. She was pretty, if a bit angular and gawky. She sneered which made her much less pretty. "Maybe. Maybe I'll break you up too and take everything". I chuckled and that seemed to irritate her more. Then I laughed out loud and the dog trotted over and sat in the hallway looking at her, and then at me. She glared at us both. I shrugged and went back in the kitchen, the dog did whatever dogs do when you aren't looking at them. She cursed and I heard her coming down the hall. She walked in the kitchen with the dog in tow. "I smell coffee." "Yeah, I can't function without it, robbery or no, it's hard to deal with the mornings until I have some." She looked through the refrigerator. "Bloody hell, what's in this Tupperware?" I looked up from my coffee, French Roast, it was delicious. "Who knows, I haven't opened that thing up in months." The burglar put it back quickly and closed the door. She seemed defeated and sat heavily on the only other chair in the kitchen. I considered telling her it only had three of its four legs. But hey, she was trying to rob me, let her figure it out. The result was predictable, she went down in a heap, flat on her back. The chair now had one and a half legs. It startled the dog who had laid down under the table. Moronic thing jumped up and walked over to where she lay, staring at the ceiling, and started licking her face. I leaned over and peered down at her, steaming cup of coffee in my hand. "You live like this?" "Yeah" she said, staring at the ceiling. 