
It was already an unusual arrangement for Mephoteus the Flame Ender and his roommate, Fobrand the Black. A red dragon and a fire giant sharing a lair? Unprecedented. Unique. Perhaps a little foolish, as Mephoteus realized. Mephoteus was initially hoping for a fellow red dragon, or even a fire drake to share the volcano with. After all, it was young and filled with energy, a perfect environment for his brethren. Yet, when the years dragged on, even the Flame Ender was afraid that he was unable to draw enough energy from his surroundings, making Mt. Neverwork liable to erupt. Enter Fobrand the Black. Initial meetings were obviously disdainful, but Mephoteus prided himself as an open-minded individual. Why, he's even tried men instead of the typical women and children fare. Thus, a tenuous tenant was gained, and Mephoteus' worries subsided. It didn't take long for Mephoteus to find out that 'Black' was severely lacking the word 'smith', as it was the only damn thing the fire giant did all day and night. Tolerance was evidently far from acceptance, and the dragon was unable to sleep well thanks to the fire giant's relentless stamina that saw him go far into the night. Enough was enough. The Flame Ender was done hearing the sounds of hammers instead of the warm flows of molten magma. An intervention was needed. Mephoteus took a deep breath. He had prepared some meaty snacks and fresh lava in a bid to lighten the mood. When Fobrand walked into their sharing living space, the giant's eyes lit up. "Ooh, fresh humans. What's the treat?" Mephoteus sipped his lava, a little nervously. Actually, why was he nervous? He owned the place! He was a grand, red dragon, the Flame Ender! But he was. Social situations were not exactly high on the priority of a red dragon's teachings. "Umm, just wanted to talk to you a little about our living situation?" Mephoteus gulped. "Ah," the fire giant walked towards the dragon. His bulky fingers started picking through the snacks, settling on a decently charred one, and chomped down on it. "Mm, still hot. So, what's up?" "Well, your late night smithing is... loud. Way too loud. And way too frequent. It's making me unable to sleep," Mephoteus chortled out. "Oh, really? Sure, I'll try and keep it down, alright?" Fobrand managed to get out, having started rapidly consuming the meat on the table. "Gosh, you are a really good cook!" "Thanks! I burnt them myself," said the dragon. Wait. That was it? So simple? Mephoteus has mentally prepared himself for a fight to the death, or worse, to the pain. The fire dragon sighed a breath of relief. It was certainly not the usual relationship between a red dragon and a fire giant. But even in the hellish heart of a volcano, a small flower of friendship could bloom. --- r/dexdrafts 