
I somehow became a celebrity and I really don't know how. I used to play this game when I was a kid, a stupid game called "Guns." It's exactly what you'd expect: people go around killing each other and taking their stuff. I enjoyed my time there initially but got bored with it when I got in game rich after killing everyone on the server. They stopped coming after me when I *somehow* managed to kill nearly 300 players by myself, and it was harder to find people after that. Well, eventually I went to college and got married and even have myself a wonderful son. He's a good kid when he can get the spoon in his mouth (he's still learning). I'm browsing my wife's Facebook (I'd make my own but who really wants to obligatory family as "friends") when I come across an advert for "Guns." What do you know, it really took off. So I log in due to the fact that I haven't changed usernames or passwords for anything since second grade (really, you'd think Dave is a user that would be taken but it somehow never is) when I find my avatar in what looks like a freaking cathedral. This game has really upgraded: theres textures on the wall that blow my mind, and a whole bunch of replicants of classic art adoring the wall, though it's clearly not Jesus being depicted. Weird, let me tell you. And a significant portion of this place has pews seating literally hundreds of people. Very. Weird. I'm literally creeped. Especially with this golden chain with a clock around my neck. Fuckin whatever. Imma roll with it. I go for the door when all the other characters. Fucking. Stand. And the whole chat room on the side of my screen explodes. -Dave is moving!!! -All hail Dave!! -30gp for gf -It was prophesied. Dave has returned! I immediately log out. What. The fuck. Google, our lovely overlords, provides me an answer. In the form of a Wikia page. Apparently, my character is something of a celebrity. People have tried to kill, maim, and steal from him since logging on to the server. When everything was optimized so everyone could be on one singular, worldwide server (don't ask me how it works, I'm a layman) Dave continued to be a spectacle, and I guess the devs liked the joke so much they let my avatar stay. Weird, huh. I wonder how much Dave would sell for 