
"Uh," I pause, thinking over the situation. "It's Paul. Who is this?" A crackling sound follows for a few seconds before the man on the other side says, "This is Franklin Roosevelt. May I ask who exactly you are?" I chuckle. What kind of stupid prank is this? Who could be doing this to me? I set down the radio, dismissing the strange object when the man on the radio starts again, "As I was saying, the United States was at peace with that nation." "What the hell," I mutter, turning back towards the sound. As this supposed "FDR" continues his speech on the radio, I pull my phone out of my pocket and search for a video of his Pearl Harbor speech. I skip to where he started speaking when I turned on the radio. "The United States of America was suddenly and deliberately attacked by naval and air forces of the empire of Jap-" "Hello?" A man's voice interrupts in the video. FDR, obviously surprised by this unexpected voice, frowns. "Hello?" the president says uneasily. "Who is that?" How is this happening? I check the date of the video. 2009. Eleven years ago. This is not possible. "Uh," the man says while the crowd buzzes. "It's Paul." I drop my phone, hearing the screen shatter as it hits the dusty floor. The FDR on the radio stops abruptly. "What was that sound?" he asks. I look down at the phone I just dropped, realizing what had happened. "Oh my god," I whisper, realizing everything that I could say right now. I lean towards the microphone of the radio, clear my throat and just start talking. "The nation will be attacked on September 11th, 2001. The World Trade Centers will fall. Thousands will die. Al-Qaeda is responsible." "Who is this?" The president asks, now furious. "Whoever this is, you are making a huge mistake. I advise you to-" "In 1999, two students from Columbine High School will open fire on their classmates, killing many, wounding many others." I take a breath, wracking my brain for their names. "Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris." I continue for a few more minutes, stating every terrible event in the nation that I could think of. "This can all be prevented," I say, out of breath. "Just please trust me." I wait for a response from the radio but silence is the only thing filling the attic. Nothing. Not even static. I look at the ground, trying to find my phone to continue the Youtube video of the speech. I search everywhere in the attic but can't find it. I turn back to examine the mysterious radio but it is no longer there. Just seconds ago it was sitting in front of me but had somehow disappeared. Have I altered the past? Have I just prevented countless tragic events from occurring. I have to find someone. Anyone. Then I can find out if I changed history. Life could be so different now. Hundreds of thousands of people could have lived past a tragedy that never occurred. The possibilities are endless for this new present time. I grin. Hell, for all I know, in this new world I was never bor- 