
Sir Mittens walked, on his back two paws, out of the castle's gates. A long, red cape flowed past a soft, furry body. A steel helmet sat atop his head. Two soft ears poked out of holes in the helmet. A sword rattled against his hips. A great chorus of cheers and salutations followed Sir Mittens as he walked out of the castle. He strode, proud, into the thick forest which ringed the castle. The King and his court watched from balconies up high. Pride swelled in their chests. The forest came up to meet Sir Mittens. The dense overgrowth soon surrounded the noble kitten. The cheers of the castle died down as the thicket grew ever denser around Sir Mittens. The brave kitty was soon surrounded by the peaceful quiet of the forest. Birds chirped, leaves rustled, insects cricked and frogs croaked. A soft stream babbled somewhere nearby. The ground beneath Sir Mittens soft, pink paws started to slope upwards. With an adorable, and very scratchable chin held high, Sir Mittens walked. The slope broke out of the dense forest, and Sir Mittens ascended the incline. The slope left behind the thick green of the forest. Sir Mittens was quickly surrounded by rocky mountains and spires. He climbed, agile and patient, up the mountain. Above him, a great cavern was carved into the mountainside. Sir Mittens saw the mouth of the cave, and narrowed his eyes. His paws moved expertly as he traversed the rocky slope. His goal was in sight. Reaching a pink paw up in the air, Sir Mittens grabbed the lip of the cave. He pulled himself up, and soon stood at the edge of this mountain cavern. The midday sun beat into the cave, illuminating it. Just on the edge of his vision, Sir Mittens could see glittering piles of gold and treasure. Sir Mittens took several careful steps into the cave. His tail swished softly behind him as he stalked forward. From within the cave, Sir Mittens could hear a breathing. A great, hot gust of air blew past Sir Mittens. Suddenly, the ground started to shake beneath Sir Mittens' paws. Deep within the cave, there was a tremendous rustling. Sir Mittens spread his hind legs out, and readied himself. He felt the impact of massive, taloned feet approaching him from within the dark. A great, scaly head appeared before Sir Mittens. A giant bearded dragon, easily towering over Sir Mittens' feline form, emerged from the depths of the cave. It stood in front of Sir Mittens, and let out a great roar. Sir Mittens stared up at the bearded dragon. The two creatures locked eyes. A smile spread across the bearded dragon's reptilian face. The great lizard laid on its belly, and extended its head out towards Sir Mittens. Sir Mittens padded towards the lizard, and raised a paw. With the softest of pats, Sir Mittens petted the giant bearded dragon. The bearded dragon purred softly. "King Meow sends me, Sir Mittens, to give you a message, Oh Great One." Sir Mittens said softly to the lizard. The bearded dragon continued to purr contentedly as Sir Mittens' continued to pet its head. Sir Mittens leaned his head in towards the lizard's ear. He was so close that some of his whiskers touched the reptile's scales. He whispered quietly. "The King says you're a good boy/" The bearded dragon let out a satisfied purr, and Sir Mittens wrapped his soft arms around the dragon's neck, embracing the great beast in an act of friendship and loving respect. -------------------------------- Hope you enjoyed the story! I've got tons more over at my sub, r/ThadsMind, if you want to subscribe to that. P.S - This is the cutest and most wholesome prompt I've seen on here in a while. Hope the story helps! 