
It began with a loud screech from outside the coffee shop. A contagious one too, for it soon grew into a sea of wails. Then something actually intelligible breached the surface. "Oh dear Lord have mercy, it's Teleportino!!" I could barely supress a groan. Tightening my hold on my coffee cup, I chanced a look outside. And there he was, adorned in obnoxiously-colored spandex, a massive letter T spanning his torso. Then he appeared to the left in a explosion of smoke. Then farther away. Then right next to the coffee shop window. It hurt my eyes to look at. A flurry of smoke then entered the shop, sending the nearby patrons who hadn't already began screaming into coughing fits. And who was in the center of it other than this pathetic excuse for a criminal. "Yes, quake in my prescence, civilians!!! Before your very eyes, I shall appear behind the cast register," -- and he did just that, shoving a poor, scrawny-looking employee out of the way in the process -- "and plunder out these bountiful riches of..........35 dollars and 50 cents!!!" A meager amount of cash was seized in his grip, yet he seemed very satisfied anyway. "Ha*ha*! I'd like to see you civilians have your coffee now once this establishment files for bankruptcy!! First, your morning pick-me-ups, next, the world!!" He was a C-list villian at best, barely even worth my time. But I begrudingly slid out of my seat. "Hey, teleportation doesn't work y'know." He whipped his head around to face me. "And how would you know, pitiful civilian??" I grin couldn't help itself but crawl onto my face. This guy was putty in my hands. "Well, the earth turns at 1000 miles an hour or so, right?" The colour was already drainning from his face. "I-I don't know what you--" "Not only that, but it orbits around the sun at 67,000 miles per hour. So if you were to teleport from on point on the earth to another, you would just end up where that place was a few seconds ago, which is now thousands of miles away from earth. You would just be floating in space and you would die." Teleportino opened his mouth to speak, but before he had a chance, he vanished into thin air again. I had pretty good hunch I wouldn't be seeing him around anymore. Maybe someone from NASA would find him, who knows. The patrons who had just been cowering beneath tables stood up, and began cheering. Another job well done, I suppose. I quickly accepted my congratulations, before making my way out the door. "Wait, sir, I have a question." It was the cashier, who had only just begun to regain his composure. "Uh, yes?" My hand had already rested on the cold doorhandle. "How do you do it?" I assumed he was giving me praise at first, and slightly bowed my head. "Well, it's all in a day's work." "No, no, I mean, *how* do you do it. Doesn't your ability to make logic apply make just as little sense as these people being able to bend logic in the first place? If their abilities shouldn't exist, doesn't that mean your ability to prevent them from existing shouldn't either?" It was a mouthful of words I hardly expected to come from anyone, let alone a minimum-wage employee. And it was my worst nightmare. I desperately tried to backtrack. "No, you see.. If, uh, if I am.. W-wait, no..." But it was too late. The idea was already in my head. It was my only weakness. A paradox. 