
My best friend is an owl. See, the day you turn eighteen, you spend a year as your spirit animal. The creature you represent most - the one that represents you the most. John, he's a dog. He's happy, friendly, and loyal. Harper, she's a crow. She's clever and witty. Kate, she's a cat. She claws me up every time she comes over. Just kidding. Mostly. Jason - he's an owl. He's kinda quiet, kinda reserved, kinda dignified. I turned 18 last night. I woke up today - fully human. Did the spirits fail? Impossible. They *never* miss anyone. What am I going to tell the Bureau? Everyone's transformation has to get registered at eighteen. It helps them determine what kind of person you are - your personality, your strengths, your best future job. That way, they can structure your life in the most fulfilling way possible. "Hey, dude, where'd you put my mice?" Jason's sleepy voice comes from the other room. It's hilarious hearing it come from such a small animal. "I want a snack before I go to bed." I wander into the kitchen. "I dunno man, I haven't-" "HAPPY BIRTHDAY!" They're all there - John, Jason, Harper, and Kate. My own little zoo, except Harper turned nineteen last week. And they're all staring. "Dude, did we get the date wrong? This is really awkward..." mumbles Jason after a moment. "No," I say. "It's the eighteenth." Kate the cat speaks up. "So what's your spirit animal?" "...I dunno. Myself, I guess?" "That's not possible." "I'm gonna call this in," says Jason, and he moves to the landline. "Maybe someone at the Bureau can help us." Harper frowns. "...We've still got cake. You want a slice? We're the only two with hands, but..." "Yeah." I say. "I'll take a slice." Cake for breakfast is always a good idea, right? We're halfway through our meals when we hear a knock at the front door. A primly dressed young woman is waiting when I open it. "Agent Anders," she says. "Spirit Registration Bureau." The SRB. I've heard they're generally pretty friendly people - more of a job and employment group than anything. "Can I come inside?" "Sure," I say. Once the door is closed, she sweeps the room with some sort of device. It blinks steadily throughout the whole process, and she sighs, satisfied. "I need to tell you something. But first - I need your friends to leave the room." "I trust them," I say. "They're not going anywhere." "We don't have much time," she says. "Tell them to leave." "All the more reason for you to only have to tell it once." She looks at me - at all of us, and sighs. "Fine. The SRB is going to come after you." "What, to help me find an office job?" I've already realized that's my probable future. Boring. "No. The SRB isn't just a job assignment bureau. It was also put in place to hunt Abnormals." "Huh?" "People with unusual spirit animals. Dragons, fantasy creatures, that sort of thing. Once we had a unicorn." I frown. "Isn't that the *opposite* of what happened to me?" "They'll want to take you in," she continues, "because you *do* have a spirit animal. It's a human. *Homo sapiens*." I frown. "The Bureau holds more power than you think. It assigns everyone to every job they hold - of course the placements will benefit them. But they won't know what to make of you. And they'll make you disappear." "So what? I go on the run?" "Yes. And you use your unique talents to stay underground for a year, then we register you as some neutral transformation, like a dog," she says with a glance at John. "You'll catch a fine for never registering, but it's better than the alternative." Everyone is silent. "So what are my options?" I say. "What unique abilities do I have? I've got no claws, no speed, no stealth." There's another knock at the door. "SRB! Open up!" "...You'd better find out," she says. "Go." And I run. --- [Part 2](https://redd.it/blczb9) is now up on my subreddit - subscribe to stay updated! [Part 3](https://redd.it/blvv5r) [Part 4](https://redd.it/bw9qyj) --- Want more? Subscribe to /r/OneMillionWords --- Thanks to you guys, /r/OneMillionWords is now a trending subreddit! Stay tuned for more. 