
"All right," said the Lord unto himself, "Let's give this one another shot." Sitting at his drawing desk in the middle of hid workshop, He reached for His dice. It was an immaculate workshop. Absolutely stunning. It's where all the idiots of the world are first born. The Lord tossed the twenty-sided die into a wooden tray. Some of the other angels had gotten into custom-made trays for their home games. Sandalwood frames, wood-burned prints on the cover, and embossed logos on the felt: crosses, drakes, stars. The Lord just put a mirror in His so he could see a bit of Himself in His creations. Gabriel called that vain, but what did *he* know? The Lord was sketching out another human, this one destined to be born in the sixteenth hundred and sixty first year of Him. He eyed the d20: an 18. "Oh, ho', royal blood then. A prince! A king!" the Lord mused. A 19-on-the-die would've been Emperor, 20 a carpenter. The Lord loved carpenters. Another series of rolls for nationality, geography. "Europe... Ah, Spain," the Lord muttered. Thunder rumbled across the mortal world. Spain would be lovely for the prince. A beautiful land, a peaceful land. Now for renown. What would mortal men say of this great king-to-be? The Lord's d20 thundered across the tray. He checked his Quotes chart, and found: "...always on the verge of death but repeatedly baffling Christendom by continuing to live." This delighted the Lord; He did have a soft spot for warrior-kings after all. How many underdog-victories would this warrior pull off? How many times would he cheat death and triumph over his foes against all odds? Now for physique. How mighty would his new beloved warrior be?The Lord cast his d20 across the tray, admiring himself in the mirror. The die rolled, hit the wall, and fell back: A Nat 1. "Oh," the Lord grumbled. A pretty unassuming man this prince would grow to be. He rolled on his Disabilities-and-Deformities chart: 6: Roll twice--and so the Lord, landing on 13 and 6 again: Inbreeding. "Well," the Lord cringed, "That's fine I suppose." The guy's father would look for a wife at a family reunion, it seemed. He rolled again: another 6, and 13. The Lord's sympathetic smile flattened into a line. "He'll basically be a sandwich but--" The Lord, to soften the blow, quickly rolled on mental acuity: 14. Above average. That was all right. He returned to rolling for physique: another 6 and 13. This was getting ridiculous. He rolled again, ready to scrap this one or at least call it a day and put it off 'til tomorrow. Nat 1. On the Deformities chart of all charts. The result? "All severities tripled. They're fucked." "Oh, man," o' said the Lord. "Oh, *me.*" He quickly traced out the family tree for His new creation. After a while He gave up, disgusted. His heart glowed with sympathy, with wanting, but He only had two Mulligans left. He spent the first one sorting out Michalangelo's Parkinsons. Ultimately, the Lord knew He couldn't spend another do-over, and sighed. The sound echoed across Creation, chased by the words, "Just do your best, all right?" And so the Lord spake, breathing life into his newest creation: Charles II of Spain. 