
>Here are two bitcoins. >Two more if you throw away your lunchbox on your way home from school. Tim stared wide-eyed at the screen of his computer. The email wasn't lying. Quickly, he stuffed his mouth with the last of his sandwich and hurried out of the cafeteria, clutching the plastic lunchbox tightly. Littering was a serious crime, but the message hadn't said anything about not throwing it in the trash. He knew there was a garbage container on his block. Upon reaching the container, he quickly tossed it in and heard the notification of a new email. He looked at the screen. Another two bitcoins were now his. Smiling, he shook his head. He was just about to leave when he noticed a leg sticking out of a garbage container. It was a delicate leg, with smooth creamy skin and a bundle of cables coming out of the knee. Ever since the Roger Lowick's groundbreaking contribution to the fields of AI and robo-aesthetics, the androids had been a vital part of society. If you had enough money you could invest in drones to work for you, look after your children, or do house chores. Tim ran his fingers down the calf of the discarded leg. It felt like real skin - not one of those dermoplastic substitutes. Maybe he could build something from it - perhaps a dog toy for Bobo? It was obviously broken and it would probably be hard to repair, but even if he failed, it would be good practice for next year's class in advanced robotics. He untangled the cables from other loose junk, and then took a firm grip around the ankle and under the back of the knee. He grunted and let out a sigh. The leg was stuck to something. "Fuck it," he said and threw off his jacket and backpack. He rolled up his sleeves and then scaled the large container. The leg didn't end at the knee like he had first thought. It was attached to a fully intact thigh. He climbed into the container and started digging through the trash. With all the money he now had, he could easily afford a new school uniform. He felt like an archeologist uncovering an ancient relic. The more pizza boxes, milk bottles, and rotting fruit he tossed to the side the higher his spirits rose - this wasn't the leg of some antique cleaning bot, this was... As he moved a large plastic bag filled with shredded paper, his heart skipped a beat. He found himself looking at the face of an android angel - that was the first description that came to his excited mind. Sure, her golden hair, splayed out like a Gloria around her head, was dirty, tousled, and filled with ants. And, sure, her right cheek had a massive gash, spilling out gray wires like a maggot-infested wound. But she was the prettiest creature Tim had ever seen. For a moment, he admired the skill of the artist who had made her - the way her dark eyebrows creased over the closed eyelids, the round little nose sprinkled with freckles, and the thin lips pursed into a sad smile. Then reality came rushing back to him, and his excitement was replaced with dread. This wasn't just any android, it was state of the art tech, chassis, and design. This was the kind of robot that only the richest of the rich could afford - it was *tailor-made*. These creations had the best software that money could buy and were essentially as real as people. Tim doubted that he would be able to tell if this was a real girl or not without the wires sticking out. Carefully, Tim lifted the android's head and looked at the back of her neck - no barcode or signature. "Shit," he mumbled. Intact, this robot was worth more than a small city. Whoever had dumped it here must've lost their mind. Tim had heard stories of androids who had acquired citizenship. He had always laughed them off as tall tales - but looking at the girl before him, he couldn't help but wonder... had someone murdered her and dumped the body? Tim took a deep breath and shook away the bad thoughts. If he could get this masterpiece of technology home and tinker with it, he would be years ahead of his classmates... and probably even his professor. Nobody had access to this kind of tech. With determination, he emptied a plastic bag. It would look suspicious hauling a big bag home, but it was still preferred to dragging a body... even if it was an android one. A long strenuous while later, he had managed to fit the body into the bag and lift it out of the garbage container. He wiped the sweat from his brow, but the excitement fueled him with energy. He was going to do this. The sun had set when he finally locked his front door and slumped against the wall. He was drained to the point of almost fainting. An android weighed as much as a regular human if not more. He was lucky that this was a teenage model. Another email notification sound. >Great work! >Now, follow my instructions closely and you'll be her proud owner. *** [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/7be1vt/artificial_angel_part_2/) More at r/Lilwa_Dexel 