
The scythe came down and another man fell. The scythe came down and another man fell. The scythe came down and another man fell. Slowly, casually, the Red Lady of death unfurled her clothes and checked over the inky red list, surveying the wreckage in front of her. Her steed glinted in the fading light of the apocalypse, its headlights burning holes through the infernal smog surrounding her. "Hmmm... It looks like nobody else here will die today..." She mused, tapping the blunt of her scythe against her cheek. A bullet ricocheted off of her cheek and hit the pavement, scattering bits of rock and solidified tar. Then another. Then another. A hail of bullets descended upon her position and bullets broke and shattered across her armor, breaking before the indomitable will of fate. She turned slowly and followed the passage where it had come from, then mounted her bike. Ignoring the road, it climbed through the air, revving, wheel rolling towards the distant buildings. Then she hopped off, lazily, and the air acted like a solid surface, letting her stroll up to the twentieth floor of the skyscraper and walk in front of the sniper, rifle gleaming as he frantically fumbled the reload. "Why do you fight me?" She asked, her face as dispassionate as ever. "I am the natural progression of things. I can understand fighting War. That diminishes me. I can understand fighting Famine. That diminishes me. I can understand fighting Plague. That diminishes me. But at the end of the day, that is all I will become. When you eliminate the other three, I will still be standing at the end of the day." The sniper threw his rifle up in her direction and fired. Lazily, the scythe flicked out and split the bullet in half, both sides passing nimbly around her. "I fight you for the same reason the body fights a cancer," The soldier said, flatly. "Because I acknowledge we will all die..." The scythe cleaved down the rifle with a spray of hot metal and gun steel, hitting an unprepared bullet and sparking off a miniature explosion. The wrecked weapon tumbled to the ground from his hands. "But I will fight you for every additional second I can have." "You will?" The Red lady pried. "We all will." "You know... I've hit my quota for the day," The Red lady said, languidly, flicking out her scythe. "But you amuse me. I'm sure the heavenly host will understand if I take a few more souls today..." The soldier flicked out his knife and brought it up and the scythe flashed without her touching it, pressing against his knife. Her face, pretty, dispassionate, staring down at his like the end of his rifle had looked at her. Through a scope. Pretty as a picture. "How strong does your will have to be to fight against the inevitable?" She asked, playfully, pressing the scythe down harder and harder against the precariously balanced blade. His muscles strained as he stared forward, knowing this was his last stand, and yet he did not accept it. Could not accept it. That was the nature of humans. The knife shattered and the man was cleaved in two. Both meaty halves fell onto the ground of the destroyed penthouse apartment, a violation of policy so grand that he would've been evicted if the Red Lady hadn't killed the manager last week. She sighed, stood up from checking his body and taking his soul and moved to leave. His identity was still in tact. They'd be able to identify his body. Her job was done, and she should rejoin the others... and yet... "Stop," His voice called out. She paused at the unnatural sound and slowly craned her head around to look at him. Slowly, his body zipped back together, cells joining one by one, bones unbreaking. Heart refusing. Brain pieced back together from where the blade had cleaved through. Two antlers poured out from his bones. "You have taken enough, New one," The thing that had once been the soldier said. "On the contrary," The Red lady said, flicking the scythe around in her hands. "I think you'll find that I'll have only taken enough when I take my own life at the end of time. It is my duty and my purpose to take and take and take. Is that not what your fabled capitalism says, man?" "I am older than your ideas of economics," The man said, stepping towards her. "And I am older than your romanticization of death." "I am hardly a romanticization. I am a manifestation, cold, clear. Perfect for my purpose." "In a younger age we called you a cynic," The old god said. "In a younger age things were more chaotic, and the blood of the gods was what weaned me," The Red Lady said, crooning slightly. "Is it time for the blood of the gods to flow once more?" "No, my dearest child," The Deer God said, and his voice sounding like the thousands of species that had once walked the earth, calling out at once. His human form splintered and burnt under the weight of his manifestation, calling from somewhere deeper and darker than the Red Lady had thought about in many years. "It's time for a final proving. We did not consent to your apocalypse..." "I do not consent to your testing." The red lady returned, playful. "Then we have an agreement." ----- https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ for more like this, go here friends! You guys want a part 2? https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/comments/8k4xlk/death_walks_gods_wake_part_2/ Click here for part 2 