
I'm sure you have heard this story before, well - not this version, though. Should a rat scurry to your doorstep, how would you greet it? A rat is a rat, no matter how you see it. So why do humans act so surprised when they scurry into my lair? Why do they seem so shocked that the price they pay for trespassing into my domain and trying to steal my treasures is being burnt into a pile of ash? Would you not kill the rat that trespasses into your home and steals your food? *** My slumber was deep, yet even so, I could hear the distant sounds of war that raged beyond my caverns. Even through the thick walls and over many distances, still the turmoil could be heard, even if it were faint. *Not my problem.* I thought. Humans think us dragons to be so incomprehensible, yet they would act much the same way. Even if all rats are regarded with disgust, you still feel sympathy for the one rat that has been cornered by the wild cat. The sound the wriggling rodent makes, a squeal not much unlike a pigs as it thrashes helplessly in the felines jaws. Sometimes, however, you realise that you are the cat. Another human stumbled into my realm and my uneasy sleep already cause for my bad mood. Did this one expect protection? Perhaps that I would bark for them like a dog on a leash and rise up from the bowels of my mountain, a visage of death and fury to lay waste to their enemies. "Why do you come, human?" I had no intention of letting him speak, as I could already feel my gullet warm with the rising flame, my throat already shimmering. The light from the flame refracting from the scales of my throat and turning radiant. "Please," the only feeble word that came from a broken knight. *Pitiful,* I thought. I raised my body to its tallest height and stared down at the rat that invaded my home. This, however, was different. The rat came not seeking my treasures, nor food, nor seeking my power. Instead, the rat came with child in hand and raised it to me as offering. He did not speak, and neither did I, instead my reptilian eyes continued to gaze down at the creatures with sharp scrutiny. "What is this?" I asked, my voice bellowing. "I am sure you know of the fate that has befallen our kingdom." "I have. Do you come seeking my help? Is this child an offering?" My voice almost mocking, amused at the lengths these humans would go through. "Our kingdom is already dead, but I was given a final task by the king. He asked me to bring you the princess, begging that you protect her, protect her from all that may try to trespass." I growled, unsure why. It was an act of compassion that I found seldom among these beings, perhaps my growl and brightening throat were simply reminiscent of how wary I had grown of these creatures. It wasn't their militia, nor their ingenuity that warranted caution, no, it was the ease with which they could deceive that made me respect them, even if they were just rats. "And why should I play 'babysitter' to the king?" My muzzle now face to face with the knight, it would have taken only a single bite to swallow the princess and knight whole, using the littered bones of humans as toothpicks to remove the armor that filled my teeth. "There is no king, anymore." The knight said, head still bowing. I remained silent, yet rose back to my full height, perhaps to have the knight admire the scale at which I stood, or perhaps because I did not wish to reveal any hints of my contemplation. "If you double-cross me, knight, I will pick you limb from limb and burn you alive, and still you will be begging me for the release of death." I believed to have heard the slightest of gulps, yet the knight looked up to me with a blood smeared face, before collapsing in exhaustion. The child now lay on the stone floor, wrapped in whatever cloth protected it. I began to lower myself to the child, but then hesitated. After a moments thought, I nudged the knight with a talon as tall as a man and as broad as a hulking troll. No response. I gently lifted the armored man and placed him to the side, far away. You can never be too careful with rats. I proceeded to lower myself to the child, my nostrils the size of gaping cave entrances, flaring as I sniffed the child, gratified by the sudden giggle that came from its lung at the breeze she felt. It was truly an endearing thing, and I admit to have had a sudden urge to protect the baby with all my heart, as its indistinguishably small hand rested against my boulder-sized nose, and I found myself to have adopted a baby rat from the litter. *** If you enjoyed this, I do have my own subreddit now: /r/kikiwrites Edit: I am quite busy today, but really like this prompt, I will see about adding a part 2 once I find the time. 