
I thrust my arms up "Yes! I'm a teenager again!" But i collect myself and try to calm down "did you say something?" Asks my mom in the next room. The place smells like smoke and coffee, mom's making breakfast. I get out of bed and hurry to the bathroom, shutting myself inside and turn on the shower. Im extatic, but the steaming hot water helps calm me down. After a thorough wash i get out, eat my breakfast and head out the door. Normally i get a ride to school, but not today! This time i'm gonna live life right! At school i work harder than i ever have in my life, i spend my lunch break in the music classroom, practicing on the guitar. I always wanted to play, now i was determined to learn. I get home later than usual, 7pm. As soon as i get home i lay out my homework and get stuck into it. My mother comments on how im so focussed today, normally i'd complain, whine and waste my after school hours playing video games. But they come later! By 10pm i finish. I eat a light dinner of cereal and after a glass of milk and a trip to the toilet im back in bed. Weeks and months go by, i manage to retain my focus, i take my medication every day and do my homework with a religious fervor. I was never smart enough to be the top of my class in anything really. But still the years drag on, its funny, i always assumed that i'd burn out after a couple weeks if i went back in time but... that was a dream. I remembered that long vivid dream clearly, and the details of it kept lining up. Dad smoking like a chimney, becoming dissillusioned with mom, some of my friends not really liking me. But if it was true, maybe i could do it differently. I had one event to reference if what i dreamed was indeed the future... Barrack Obama becoming the president of the U.S and the financial crash of 08... and it happened. I'm convinced what i dreamed had to be real, and tgis finally gave me the motivation to do better. I studied hard, took more advanced classes and managed to pass them. Then graduation. This time i was going to university to study sound editing and media! I packed my bags, packed my guitar and at 5am on a freezing cold morning i boarded a train ylto Melbourne... I was run over by a drunk driver on orientation day. I became addicted to painkillers. I failed my course and went back home. I lived as a shut-in for years, piling on weight. I moved around a few times, unemployment and depression haunted me at every step. 10 years after waking up from that dream, i realized im right back where i was in my dream... sometimes fate is written, and there's no changing it. 