
The young man shooting me startled me such that I woke up. Waking up startled was enough to wake me up. Waking up after waking up startled after having been shot shocked me into waking up. Waking up after feeling the shock of having woken up startled after being shot woke me up with a start. Waking up with a start after having woken up shocked after waking up startled after having been shot made me wake up in a panic. I started to notice a pattern. That being said, it took a long while before I could calm my nerves enough to stay asleep. Awake? Whatever. My mouth was incredibly dry and my head did not have the common decency to cease its incessant pounding. In my state of pain I rolled over in my bed to discover a woman that I did not recognize. Her body was bare and the area around us smelled of booze. Wait, did I have a hangover? That can't be right, I stopped drinking 20 years ago. I stumbled over discarded bottles of liquor to my bathroom and turned the light on. It was the old lighting fixture, the one I replaced at least a decade ago. My aching brain and eyes took an indecent amount of time to adjust to the sudden shift in light. The man in the mirror was one I long since forgot. Young, and wasting away his youth with whores and alcohol. A man with a house freshly inherited from his recently deceased parents, and instead of honoring them by making something of himself he worked dead end jobs to fund his meager bills and attempts to wash away life. This couldn't be. I tripped on myself and fell, landing on my head such that it caused me to wake up. Not again. I calmed my nerves yet again, after a long cycle of waking up, to find that the sun was peaking through my room. Morning. I took a look at my surroundings. Posters of metal bands, clothes lazily displaced throughout the abode, and an old alarm clock that read 6:47 AM in annoying red text. Only a few minutes before I used to wake up for high-school. That meant... no, it couldn't. After running into the kitchen, trying to keep my heart from causing another wake up, I found them. My parents. Still very much alive and surprised to see me awake on time. This was it, my second chance. I could finally make something of myself while my parents are still around, make them not die thinking I was a waste of life. Better, I may be able to protect them, stop them form dying of carbon monoxide poisoning while I was away at my friend's house for the weekend! I'm still not entirely sure if my fits of waking up are some kind of hallucination or not but one thing is made clear; I know some events that happen in the future. So far things have changed a bit based on my shift in actions from when I last remember but certain big events remain constant. Another thing is also certain, if ever I panic or die, I wake up on the previous day. Again, I am unsure if these are hallucinations or not. I can stop myself from cyclically waking up now though, as I have learned to calm my nerves on a dime. Here it is, though, my second chance. Sorry if things seem sloppy, I saw this and wanted to respond after work but I am tired now. I dunno, if I get enough demand I'll revise and expand upon it when I get a spare moment. Thank's for reading, criticism and comments are welcome. Thank's for the cool prompt, OP. Edit: formatting hotfix Edit 2: Thanks for the feedback and kind words, lads and lasses! 