
The first person I killed was Andy Chang, a fifty-five-year-old doctor. My car collided with his body. He tumbled across the darkened sidewalk and crunched against the curb. I thought I was dying too. My world exploded with light and colour- swirls of memories and pain. Shrill music echoed in my head. I threw open the door and vomited onto the road. Beige chunks splattered my boots. Chang's body was a crumpled heap; dark red clumps spilled from his head over his grey peacoat. His rounded glasses lay next to the sewage drain, the lens cracked and frames bent. One shoe sat in front of my sedan. Chang's white sock darkened with the rain. A couple yelled something from across the street. *Help him*. It jolted me out of my shock. I hadn't considered the possibility Chang might be alive. "Call 911," I directed the young woman. I pulled off my scarf and held it against the blood spilling from Chang's head. "Hold this here," I direct an onlooker. "Don't stop pressing." I hovered over Chang's body and tilted my ear over his mouth. I watched his chest and looked for any rise or fall. I pressed my fingers against the side of his upper neck looking for a pulse. Nothing. *Landmark* I told myself. I lined my hands up and began to press. I pumped against his sternum. Two inches down. Recoil. Down again. And again. Tilt the head, open the airway. Two breaths. Compressions again. And again. When the paramedics arrived I already knew Chang was dead. If the impact hadn't killed him, the blood he lost would have. Later, the police arrived. Chang was at fault - he was jaywalking. Stepped out from between two parked cars. "The witnesses said you acted quickly, miss," Officer Dawkins said. "I only wish I could've helped." "You did all you could. Quick thinking and first aid can't solve everything." I nodded. And then frowned. I had never taken a first aid course. Last month, when my roommate sliced the tip of her pinky off with the vegetable knife, I was the one who passed out. I didn't realize until that night, when Chang's memories flooded in, what had happened. I also didn't realize how easy it would be to slip into my new life. I craved it. The thud of the body. A burst of light and colour. Swirls of memories and pain. Shrill music echoing in my head. And a rush of new talent. /r/liswrites 