
"So you're saying you found it." "I told you I would. I just needed to get close enough to her. I found out why she's still alive, and trust me, it's gonna be the story of our careers Jack. I guarantee it's going to be front page news." "So you have the footage! Send it to me. I need to verify it. Imagine it Sam. Us, Front page reporters." "Slow your roll man, it takes a bit of time to download." A video pops open on the screen of Jacks holo, the footage taking a moment to orient properly. The footage is shaky, the camera work amateur, but that is to be expected when one is forced to rely on old technology. The view of the throne room is slight, and the palace itself is dimly lit. The Queen is sitting on the throne, her twin corgis lying at her side. These dogs, the loyal companions of Elizabeth, have survived alongside this strangely long lived queen since their birth in 2015, the last of their litter. What follows is a macabre ritual, as a man is brought in. Young, only in his early twenties, he is brought to the foot of the throne, where the two guards holding him force him down. Although he struggles, it soon ceases, as he quickly looks up, rapt, begins to willingly bow, almost as if waiting to be knighted. The queen picks up her sword, which almost appears from nothingness, and in one clean swipe, beheads him. But there is no blood splatter. Instead the blood floats towards the queens open mouth as if drawn by a vacuum. Once the body is drained, she looks towards the guards, about to dismiss them, when her head turns up, catching a glimpse of... something." Whatever it is she sees, it has her attention, and her voice quickly echoes through the chamber, far louder than her slight frame would suggest. "I know you're up there young lady. It would be far easier if you showed yourself to me now, instead of forcing me to come find you." The Camera's shaking begins anew, but it swiftly becomes apparent that this time it is not out of amateur camera work, but is instead out of fear. The camera woman's voice plays through, but whatever she says is lost as the window she has been filming through shatters, the queen rising through the shattered wreckage, glass floating in the air around her. "I gave you a choice dear. I do so wish you had listened. I might have shown mercy if you had." Suddenly, the camera, and the woman who it appears it was attached to, are ripped from their hiding spot, as if by invisible hands. The camera is dropped in the sudden impact of invisible force, and stays lying on the ground through the rest of the clip. The sight that follows could best be described as Monstrous, as the young dark haired woman in her thirties, who must have been the camerawoman Samantha, is slowly taken apart, held aloft by invisible limbs in front of the supposed queen that has reigned on her throne these long 98 years. What follows is a terrifying display of viscera and gore as the reporter is slowly, torturously flayed, her skin, then muscle, then bone itself torn from her body. And yet, she still screams, her voice pleading begging the monarch to stop, even once her body no longer exists. Jack, horrified and shocked, apprehensively picks up the phone "Sam. What did I just see? What happened in there? Because it looks like you died." "I did die Jack. Everyone who looks into this has. We all keep dying." "Well then how can you be talking to me. Sam? Hello? Are you there?" A beeping is all that is on the other end. Jack tries to redial the phone number on the burner he used to call Samantha, but the phone is disconnected, the number unavailable. As if he knows something is wrong, he turns to run for the door, only to stop as the door unlocks and opens, a lone Queens Guard standing in the entryway "The British Empire must be preserved Jack. At all costs. I'm sorry, but your queen has need for your silence. You won't be telling this story. No one will. Ever." The video fades to static, as a clipped scream begins. Authors Note: This is my first time writing one of these, so any feed back is appreciated. I first saw these a few weeks back, but never had the courage to try until today. I hope you all liked it, or at the very least thought it was a passable story. Thanks, ArkhonIX 