
"So you'll do it?" "I don't know. I am having trouble believing what you said." "Doesn't matter. What matters is will you do it?" "I... ok." "Oh and one more thing. Pay close attention to what is about to happen. If you ever think it's a good idea to double cross me, this will be you." The older man looked at the kid. Something about his eyes scared him. He shuddered. Could it all be true? The kid set his plan in motion. ******** He bowed before the king and the queen. "Father, mother, this is my dear friend Jonas." "It is good to meet you Jonas." "It is a pleasure to make your acquaintance sir, ma'am." "He is the most clever boy in our class. He's the best at sports too." "You flatter me, my prince." The kings's second in command, Marshall Victor entered. "Sir, the North..." he paused as he noticed that the royals had company. "I'll come back." "Oh no sir. I will take my leave now." Jonas looked at the king. "I don't want to keep you from your duties. My prince, i'll See you tomorrow in class." Victor looked curiously at the kid as he walked away. "My king, forgive my insolence, but who was that kid." "He was Jonas. He learns with young Edward. What is the matter?" "Nothing sir. I just... I can't quite put my finger on it. But there's something about that kid that isn't right." "Oh you worry too much Victor. And what do you know about kids anyways. So what did you want to see me about?" On the other side of the door Jonas stood with his ear on the door, frowning. ********** The sword was matted with blood. The king lay slain. The queen was shouting. But there was no mercy in the sword bearer. He stuck the sword deep in the queen's chest. The young prince lay on the ground, helpless. He was next. Victor ran in when he heard the screams, sword in hand. He knew that Jonas and the prince were going to give a demonstration of what they had learned about sword fighting from their tutor so far. But he had an uneasy feeling about the kid. He was shocked at he amount of carnage. There was blood everywhere. And Jonas stood in the middle, grinning. "You!" "Yes, Victor. Me." Jonas attacked. Victor was a master swordsman and quickly got the upper hand. He snatched the sword from Jonas's hand and put it to his throat. "Who are you? And why? They were good people." Jonas grinned at him. "They were indeed." At that moment the chief of the military Samuel ran in with his men. He looked at the scene in front of him. The royals, murdered. And Victor with two swords, one pointed directly at the young man everyone recognized as the prince's friend. Victor looked at Samuel and then the swords in his hand. "No! It isn't what it looks like. It was him. It was the kid." "You expect us to believe that a little kid, no older than 10 killed two of the greatest sword fighters in the land? And also his own friend." "Sir! Please help me. This man has gone insane. He came in here and said that he deserved to be the king. That they had gone soft and weren't fit to lead anymore. And he..." Jonas broke down crying. Victor was tried and executed soon thereafter. Since the direct royal bloodline had finished, Samuel who was the king's nephew took the throne. As the ceremony ended and he took the throne, he looked at the crowd and spotted him. Jonas. A shiver went up his spine. No, he would never dare double cross this little kid. 