
You know, I started with the best of intentions. When I found the dragon under my cupboard, I couldn't believe my eyes at first. Dragons were supposed to be myths, legends. They weren't supposed to raid people's stashes of parking quarters, and then take a nap upon their 5-dollar hoard. I reached out with a trembling hand, and was rewarded with a wary glare - but I didn't touch the money. Instead I trailed my fingertip down the scaly ridge between his eyes, and was rewarded with a sound almost like a purr. I named him Scrooge. Some clandestine research turned up rumor and speculation, plenty of fantasy, and a few cold, hard facts. Dragons, it seemed, still hatched now and then, from eggs buried millennia ago. They hoarded wealth, and fed off its energy - something about humanity's emotional ties to money. They were mystical and incredible and delightfully greedy. Scrooge grew a little when I emptied my wallet into his hoard, and grew a bit more after I went out to buy him a dozen rolls of quarters. I could see him developing, see the sparkle of intelligence behind his eyes, and I'd never been so excited to drain my bank account. But my apartment was small, and my credit line was smaller. I gamboled and played, and cuddled with Scrooge, but eventually, I realized I couldn't give him what he needed. And part of me wanted very badly to see him grown and intelligent, see him filled with all the ancient cunning that was his birthright. And so I hatched a plan. Scrooge was not at all happy when I cut the size of his hoard - but he'd grown too large for subtlety. I made heavy use of my fire extinguisher over the next few days, heart bleeding for my scaly friend, as I palmed coin after coin, until he was left with little more than the handful of change he'd started with. Then I packed up my rabbit-sized bundle of greed, and off we went. Off to Wall Street. Money is just a concept, my economics teacher always said, a token of exchange and transfer. Money stands for wealth, and it comes in many forms. In ancient times, Scrooge may have lain upon piles of salt and and weapons and carefully-shaped stone. More recently, perhaps on piles of gold and silver and gems. At my home, he'd found a liking for paper money - though I'd never been able to provide much. But nowadays, there's more to wealth than that. When I walked across the floor of the new york stock exchange, Scrooge in a bag at my side, even I could smell the dollars in the air. Here, in frantic words and gestures, in bits and bytes and buys and sells, more wealth flowed every second than I had ever held in my hands. And as the brokers clamored around us, I felt my little friend shift. His body warmed, his wings flapped, his nose sampled the air. Here there was a hoard to claim. So he began to grow. The brokers fled when he leapt from my bag, already the size of a dog and still growing. But the servers kept working, busily transferring, even as Scrooge became horse-sized, elephant-sized, more. He'd caught he scent now, he'd understood where I had brought him, and I saw the sheer joy in the flick of his tail and the flap of his wings. Security came, and rapidly left, pursued by incandescent flame. Whatever the laws that governed Scrooge's existence, his mere presence on the markets was enough to keep him strong, keep him glorious. We own wall street, now, our own little kingdom in New York, abandoned save for a contented dragon, and his contented friend. Perhaps the real treasure is the friendship we found along the way. Or perhaps it's the 17 billion dollars' worth of shares we're holding hostage. --------- You'll find part 2 in the comments below! 