
"Please don't eat me," the squirming pirate says. It helplessly waves its tentacles around. We only captured this one alive from the boarding party. Captain Arfkhan looks at me with all three eyestalks. His translator box makes that crackling noise I so hate. I only know it signifies excitement. "Do it, Slade. I've always wanted to see how humans devour their prey," says Arfkhan. His voice comes out distinctly feminine. Then again, his race has four sexes, so what do I know. "Excuse me, Captain, but humans don't eat sapient creatures. As a matter of fact, we don't usually kill our food, since it's all artificially grown in vats now," I reply. "But, but, that's why I hired you human! The first contact report said humans are ruthless hunters that devour all opposition before them," says Arfkhan. His voice takes on a shrill tone. Still focusing on me his eyestalks start waving around. "Not exactly. That's a translation error. Let me show you," I say. I holster my sidearm. Moving over to the pirate, I grab it by a cluster of tentacles. I drag it towards the airlock. It squeals the entire time. Opening the airlock, I shove the pirate in and close the door. "Now that I have your undivided attention, pirate, I will ask you some questions. You will answer, or I push this red button," I say. Wiping the green blood off my helmet visor, I stare through the window at the squirming mass of tentacles. "Yes, yes, whatever you want. I heard what your race did to the yelhsk barbarians," the pirate squeaks. That's what everyone calls those little buggers, huh? Humanity's first contact randomly dropped out of hyperspace and bombarded our planet. Then they dared ask for tribute. Evidently, they thought we played by the same playbook. I say to the pirate, "I want to know the security codes for your ship." The pirate stops squirming. I don't know if it has sight as a sense, but it's probably staring at me. It replies, "Please, this is just business. We're only pirates and no threat to your growing hegemon-" I interrupt, "Tell me the codes, or I press this button in five seconds. Five, four, three-" "Alright, alright! I'll tell you the codes," the alien panickily says. Captain Arfkhan speaks, "Why do you want the codes, Slade? We repelled the boarding party and damaged their ship's engines. We now can leave and make our rendezvous." His translator box's latest update now adds tones. He sounds genuinely curious. Turning back, I look straight at Arfkhan's central eyestalk. I say, "You get attacked by pirates in forty percent of your hauls. Wouldn't it be nice if that percentage dropped to zero?" Arfkhan's eyestalks form an upside-down triangle and open all the way. I smile and say, "We're going to commandeer their ship and send it into the pirate base. Their station's shield can stop a thermonuclear charge from the outside, but not inside the dock." Arfkhan's voice box lets out an eerie laugh. He then says, "Ah, now I know why they say humans devour their prey. You truly are magnificent hunters." --- Check out r/ProfessorCynical to see more stories by me, including my current serial, [The Heretic Skull](https://www.reddit.com/r/ProfessorCynical/comments/d3tx2i/the_heretic_skull_chapter_1_the_dragon/) 