
"Hey guys how are you?" I called over my shoulder as my friends walked into the bar. I didn't even bother looking over my shoulder to confirm it was them; I knew the probability of Jeff coming through the door exactly thirty eight seconds after he sent a text stating he was on his way was 98.7%, and those were odds I was comfortable with. The power to manipulate time made making it to appointments a menial task for a guy like Jeff, and the heavy footsteps of Thomas made him easy to identify by sound. The two of them had called a meeting with me the moment the yearly super rankings came out, as I was expecting. You see, you wouldn't think a power like 'luck' would make someone like me one of the most influential supers in the world, but you would be wrong. Think about it, luck is really the manipulation of probability. If I can control probability, I can control everything. I know it irked them that their childhood friend with the quirky ability was now considered the seventh most powerful man in the world, but we lived in a world where people broke the laws of physics, this really wasn't that strange. "So, how did you do it" Asked Thomas (ranked 17th) as they sat down across from me in the booth. "Last year you were complaining about being 1,756th, and this year you break top ten" I gave a sly smile and a wink. "You guys saw I made a few good stops and arrests this year, you don't think that's deserving of top ten?" "Cut the shit, we both know you're a second rate hero at best," spat Jeff (ranked 11th), clearly getting angry that I had passed him and was being cryptic as to how. "First, ouch!" I said with a hurt look on my face. "Second, think about it. I can put myself where crimes are likely to happen or in the path of escapes. I can guide resources to where they are needed and influence the likelihood of things going wrong. I just never applied my power seriously until now, but it has farther reaches than simply beating criminals senseless with my fists." Jeff wasn't having any of it, he had always been the best, always been the top of the class. Ever since his power had developed in grade school he had loomed his superiority over others, and he had never had to deal with someone better than him. He pulled a revolver out of his jacket pocket, something I gave a 63% chance of happening when he walked in the door. I had watched as the probability of it happening had climbed into the 80's, and after my last response it had spiked to 100% right before his hand had left the table. It was simple to see why he had chosen to carry a revolver. They had less moving parts, less chance of failure. But there was still a chance, and if there was any chance, I could work with it. The hammer cocked back, and then descended. The chamber rotated and the firing pin struck the primer. Unfortunately the cylinder hadn't rotated enough and the bullet smashed into the frame, causing chunks of metal to go flying outwards and into his hand, tearing the flesh from the bone and singing the skin around it. With a sly smile, I rose to my feet and threw a $5 on the table to cover my meal. "Next time, you guys might just swallow your ego, take a step back, and not take a chance," I said over the sounds of Jeff's cries as I walked out of the restaurant. I knew Jeff couldn't focus enough to use his power while being in that much pain, and soon it would be too late to reverse the damage to his hand. It was such a stupid thing to ruin a friendship over, a ranking, an arbitrary number designed to show who 'the best' was. It was pretty stupid, after all, if you throw a little good luck out when you know they are making the list, they might just misspell the hero Change, and write Chance instead. (I hope you guys liked it, this was my first attempt at a writing prompt) 