
The menacing shadows of the ancient ships loomed over me as I stared at the mountains above. Tucked into the corner of the Eastern Rift mountains lay these two huge vessels, and I was the first one to discover them. My entire life I was treated as dirt, nothing. My career as an explorer had completely flopped at this point, and this discovery was my big break. As I trekked forward to these giant ships, I wondered what it could be. Aliens? Ancient intelligent species? The ships themselves were massive, at least a mile long each, and their color a dull gray from years of rust and dust. I finally reached the hull of these ships, attempting to find a door. Finally, a handle. I pulled it open to reveal a passageway to the interior of the ship. The inside was incredible! Florescent lights lined the passageway, and mysterious vials of liquid were built along the walls. Soon, I reached the other end of the passageway. Holding my breath, I opened the door. The inside of the room was filled to the brim with caskets. No, not just caskets. Open caskets. Strange, human shaped caskets. Alien language plastered the walls. What.. what was this? I stumbled backwards into a wall, and a hologram appeared in the middle of the room. It was... A human. It held a neutral expression overall, and it's gender was indeterm. Alien language flashed across it's face, then switched to English with the words "calibrating language." When the words disappeared, it spoke to me. "Hello, representative of species strain 278. The time has come to reclaim our throne." I almost passed out. "Who.. are you? What do you mean by our throne?" More calibrations. "Giving quick summary of history: Humans used to be a galaxy wide civilization, spreading peace and harmony. However, when the coalition of light was formed, we were pushed to a few meager planets. These vessels harbored the last of human life." "What do you mean by strain 278? Aren't we also human?" "You and your species were in a deadly experiment conducted by the last few humans, with a high chance of failure. Your species are just like the galactic humans, except you have been bio-engineered to be as violent as possible. The chance that you would drive yourselves to extinction was great, but it appears that didn't happen." I swore the hologram smiled a bit. More calibrations flashed across the screen, then it spoke once more. "Right now, we need something merciless. And your species, it appears excels at that. The nuclear bomb. Countless genocides. Let us show your species our technology, and in turn let us see what you can do with it." I stuttered. "What.. are you asking of me? Of us?" "Help us retake the galaxy." 