
"First of all, where did you even find this, Mr. Brooker?" I fidget with my glasses for a moment, considering this to be a quaint amusement, if anything. Harley Brooker, a freshman, only vaguely attentive when he does attend class has a glint in his eye. Something savage and malevolent. That should have been my first clue at how badly this was about to go. "At the library. I think a 'Professor' would know that!" He thumbs the page several more times, emphatically. He's been thinking about this very intensely, it seems. With brows held high I nod slowly. He's tempting my pride. Smart, but he'll have to wake up much earlier in the morning - or wake up in the morning at all - to pull something like that on me. "Very well then. Secondly, what part of demonstrate superior knowledge of applicable subject matter are you reading as 'trial by combat?'" My voice is low, even. I want to hear this madness out of morbid curiosity. "Well, this is a world history class, right?" He stands tall, his voice cracking slightly. "It is." "Well, the test I got a zero on was all about ancient wars and the weapons used. If I got an A on that, that would bring up to a passing grade of 62!" My eyes squint as a I choke down a laugh. "That won't count towards your major or-" "I don't care Dr. Thomas, I can demonstrate superior knowledge of these ancient weapons! Fight me!" I don't move for a moment, then I slowly lean back, steepling my fingers. I observe his body language, and for a moment consider the absurd possibility. He is a relatively healthy young man, and I am getting older. An extended fight could go very badly for me depending on his endurance. "Mr. Brooker, I admire your resourcefulness, but how could you possibly enforce this? What if I simply refuse your challenge?" He leans forward on my desk with a wicked smile, like I've just fallen into a trap. "You will!" "I will? Refuse the challenge?" "What? No, no, you will enforce it!" "And why, Mr. Brooker, would I do that?" "Because you are a man of your word, and you said that if you can expect students to adhere to the syllabus, then you will adhere to the school handbook, and the school handbook that you entered under, that still applies to you includes this caveat, does it not?" My eyes narrow again, and a small smile spreads across my lips. He doesn't like that, but he should. I'm impressed, I'm also, for the first time today, concerned. There is no plausible scenario where fighting a student leads to anything good. Against my better judgement I glance down at the weapons. It takes him a second to realize I have but there's a moment of hesitation in his eyes. He may not have actually expected this to work. We stand there in silence for a long moment. I understand how preposterously foolish I am about to become, but I long ago learned to accept myself as a prideful man. Slowly, I pick up the nunchaku, I examine it. Wood, heavier iron chain. Authentic stuff, interesting. "Yeah, you like that craftsmanship, huh?" He picks up the other and backs up into the hallway, I follow as he proceeds to swing the nunchaku over his head. "You're gonna love it when it's in your face Doctor T." I nod, as I grab the handle and flip the weapon around in a parabola, chambering it swiftly under my arm. It fits snug, but feels awkward, like an old glove that I haven't worn in years. Flicking the nunchaku out I use this momentum to go into a series of swings in front of me, just getting a feel for the weight and then I think, what the hell, I should go for it, and fling the next arc over my shoulder catching it behind my back with the other arm and then bringing the nuncaku out from behind with my catching arm into another fresh set of parabolas on the other side, before flicking it around my waist a couple times and, just to see if I still have it, flick it around my wrist so that I'm holding the opposite end in a reverse grip that allows me to make tight concentric circles in front of me with minimal effort. There's a childlike grin there on my face I can't escape as I flick the sticks back to the otherside of my hand, flip them back around my back and then chamber again before dropping into a fighting stance. "So... how does this work?" Mr. Brooker took his F and went home. I was glad I learned the nunchaku forms in my research, and even more glad I didn't have to fight with them, because I knew absolutely nothing about that. 