
Waking up, thinking I'm mistaken, I reset my watch. While it's rebooting I set it down on the nightstand and go hop in the shower. I put on some sweet tunes and just enjoy the hot water against my naked skin. I bust out a couple of moves before realizing how awkward it would be if my husband walked into the bathroom. I rinse the conditioner out of my hair and turn off the shower. Walking up to the sink, I wrap both my body and hair into a towel. The mirror is fogged up, so I wipe it once to the right and one to the left. Glance down at the sink and start brushing my teeth. I look back up into the mirror and scream with horror. My toothbrush hits the floor. My face has aged 50 years. My hearts pounding, I turn around to open the door and find my husband in bed, still asleep. I rush to my side of the bed and grab my watch. "Rank 1" "What the fuck?!?!" I start panicking. How did I age 50 years in one night?! That's impossible! I slap my watch onto my wrist and get dressed as fast as possible. I get out to my car and begin to back out of the garage. I accidentally run over a Bush I forgot that I had just planted. "Shit, FUCK!!" I yell to myself. I start driving towards the closest hospital. My heart is still racing. I look into the rear view mirror and touch my wrinkly face. My skin feels so thin, and I think to myself how fucking scared I am. How could this happen?! What is even going on?! I arrive to the hospital and hop out. There's a group of people standing outside looking at me while they smoke. All of them have. Confused look on their face. It's as if they have never seen a woman with the body of a 30 year old and the face of an 80 year old. Judgmental pricks. "Wear your sunscreen kids" I yell at them sarcastically yet nervously. Jokes? Do I really need to make jokes right now? No. I don't. But the fuck. Jokes are the only thing coming out of my face that's fresh. I walk inside up to the front desk. The nurse sitting there is taken aback from my appearance. I tell him my information and he tells me to have a seat. There are other people in the waiting room that have it way worse than me, but fuck dude, what is going on with me? The nurse calls me back up after sitting for a couple of minutes to sign some paper work. He hands me a clipboard And I grab the pen from his hand. "Enter this here" "sign here" etc. I look back up at him as I hand him the clipboard. "I don't know what you have ma'am, but we have the best doctors here in the state. We will take great care of you." I smile looking up at him. "Than-- *a-CHOOOO* k you" I sneezed in his face. I sneezed in his fucking face. Holy shit. How awkward. I could just shrivel up and die. His face is filled with obvious disgust and horror at what had just occurred. He runs to the restroom to clean himself off. I return to my seat and bend over to pick up a magazine from the coffee table. As I extend my hand I realize that my aging has extended to my left hand. I pull my right hand out and notice how it also has severe aging on it as well. Out of curiosity I pull up my pants leg and my ankles have swollen while also gaining age spots. Not only has my face aged, now my whole body has aged. Holy dick. My heartbeat elevates. I need to be seen now. I march back up to the counter to demand I see someone ASAP, when suddenly my knees go weak and I collapse to the floor. I look around for help but I'm starting to lose consciousness. I look up the nurse that's coming out of the bathroom and ask for help. He comes over and bends down to help, and I notice that his face has aged too. A few nurses come out to help me and lift me onto a stretcher. '2' The nurse's watch is the number Rank 2. My life flashes before my eyes suddenly. Fuck. I've had a good life. I'm only 30. I need to get better. I need to go back to my husband who's in bed and kiss him awake one more time. But I can't. I'm on a bed, being wheeled into some room. Fuck. I look up at the nurses pushing me forward, since the male nurse held back because he is feeling ill. The ladies pushing me all have the most concerned look on their face. It's okay. I'm okay. It'll all be over soon. My vision goes black and I lose consciousness. I awake. No thoughts are clear. Just an insatiable hunger. I look up at the nurses next to me, then down at the hand of one who's closest. I lean over and take a bite. 