
They called it the gilded age. Nobody knew why it happened, or how, or even when, really. Everybody knew that it had happened though, and that was enough. The powers seemed to flow from the people themselves, their personalities, hopes, dreams, and, most importantly, skills, manifesting in awesome ways. Farmers who had once been merely skilled with crops, having that special green-thumb that let them diagnose and tend to their fields with almost preternatural alacrity, found that they could mold the earth around them and channel themselves directly into the fields. Animal whisperers who'd had special skills training beasts and wrangling wildlife found that their whispers were no longer metaphorical and had become quite literal, in-depth conversations. Firemen and police, wild with protective instincts, saw their will mold the world around them, stopping bullets and quenching flames. Across society, these avatars and their abilities launched humanity forward at unprecedented speed. But not everyone had such special gifts. The world still had the soccer moms, who went through their days with that exhausted determination of doing the thankless work. The world still had the dreamers who flitted from this idea to that and never went farther with it than to mention their musings in passing on the bus. The world still had people like Mervin Drit, whose greatest accomplishments during the day were a wave to the crossing guard and a smile to the barista at the coffee-shop on his way to the warehouse where he spent his days listening to audiobooks and moving box a to point b and box b to point a. Mervin was the sort of man you see a hundred times a day -- hair just a bit fuller than bald, arms just a bit stronger than weak, eyes just a bit brighter than dull -- and never remember. Mervin is the guy you met, at that one college party, who you sat next to on the couch for fifteen excruciating minutes while you listened to him explain that there were actually hundreds of ways to tie shoes and that the Ian Knot was the best way, but didn't really hear anything because you were waiting desperately for Sam to show up. Mervin is the guy who saw the burger wrapper on the ground in central park and put it in the trash, although nobody knows it because nobody else was there. While the people in the news, like that one celebrity construction worker who could lift a thousand pound beam, seemed to overflow with the new power, people like Mervin continued to sit, and talk about shoe knots, and pick up burger wrappers, and wave to crossing guards, and smile at baristas, and listen to audiobooks, and seemed to have no powers whatsoever. Then, one day, Mervin took a trip. It wasn't an exciting trip, by most measures, just a hike down an unmarked trail on the side of an unmarked highway somewhere in Appalachia to see a tree that wasn't quite threatened but wasn't quite common. And on that day, the world collapsed. The genius scriptwriters ran out of ideas, the corporate gurus lost track of their superhuman mental calculations, the doctors couldn't figure out the magic touch that had once been second nature. It turns out that all those normal people, not the ones on the news or in the boardrooms or behind the control computers, actually did have superpowers. It turns out that the genius scriptwriters actually drew their power from the dreamers who never had the discipline to stick to one idea. It turns out that the doctors actually drew their power from the countless days their soccer moms drove them to work hard and find happiness in the toil. It turns out that the Corporate gurus needed the little smile in the morning of tying a strange shoelace knot that a strange kid named Mervin had told them about at that strange party that Sam never showed up to. It turns out that nobody actually had any superpowers, but we all did [together](https://www.reddit.com/r/jacktheritter). 