
I sat in my cage, listening to the roar of the crowd outside. A few beings walked by, I didn't take much notice. I hadn't eaten for.. days? Weeks? It's hard to keep track. A sharp pain in my leg. I looked up. A small alien--a child, perhaps--was poking me with a stick. "You're going to kill the other Terran" it said, wide-eyed. "Why would I kill him?" I asked tiredly. Outside the roars were getting louder. Some of the earlier games must have started. Animals pitted against each other for food. Animals, including "Terrans". "Because," said the alien-child thoughtfully, "that's what Terrans do." "We didn't, once." I whispered, half to myself. "Yes, you do!" The alien said matter-of-factly. "All Terrans kill. That's how we know you are animals. Animals that can talk, but still animals. That's why you're in the cage and I'm out here." The child had an almost sing-song voice by the end. I said nothing, and eventually he walked off. The words rang in my ears. I was still thinking about what the child had said, when the cage opened and rough hands pulled me out, put a spear in my hand, and towed me through a tunnel. Suddenly, I came out into bright, blinding light. Sand, under my feet. Sweat, making my grip on the weapon slippery. Roaring, cheering, jeering, chanting, filling my ears. As my vision adjusted, I could see the center: a table with a single plate laden with food, the crown piece being a perfectly cooked steak. I let out a whimper. That food was more than I'd seen in an eternity. I'd do anything for it. I'd... I looked down at my hands, holding the spear. *That's why you're in the cage and I'm out here...* "Hey!" I called out to the other guy in the ring. I dropped my spear. "Hey!" The crowd's noise quietened a little, there was a buzz of confusion. The other contestant stood, wary, watching me. "Listen, we can fight, and one of us will eat, and then next week it's the same thing all over again. We don't win. How about once--one time--we finally sit down and share, and remember. Remember what it's like to be human again. Not what they've made us." The man hesitated a while more, but we started negotiating terms, making sure there was no treachery. We threw our spears at opposite ends of the arena. By now the crowd was silent, only the low sound of whispering hung in the air. We came closer to the table. There was only one chair. We both knelt in the sand, ignoring it. "You tear the steak, and I'll choose which half." The man muttered. I tore the meat as neatly in two as I could, but there was still one half visibly bigger than the other. The man took the smaller half without a word and began eating. I started crying, and took the bigger half. While eating the first meal in forever, with my first friend in forever, I didn't notice at first the tears among the crowd. More and more, the aliens went from shocked, to guilt, to weeping. They started to leave. Eventually there was just me and my new friend left, finishing our meal. The last alien to go was one of the guards. He looked at us, nodded at the gate he'd left open, then quietly left. 