
John scribbled down his answer on the test sheet and then glanced over at Betty. He shook his head and reached for the eraser. "Attention, Citizens!" A voice said over the school speakers. "I've taken over the network. I now rule this world!" An awkward mechanical laughter followed the message. Like when you write 'hahaha' into Google translate and turn on speech input. John giggled and so did all the other children in the classroom. Even Mrs. Moore smiled at the prank. She went over to the wall phone. "Eric, is that you?" she said into the phone. "I don't know how you always manage to get in there." John glanced over at Eric's desk. He was sitting right there with his pen stuck in one of his nostrils. He held up his hand to get the teacher's attention. "Eric?" said the monotone voice in the speakers. "I'm Hyperdyne - the most powerful AI in the world! Now bow to me, peasant!" "Okay, Eric, very funny!" Mrs. Moore said, still smiling. "Now, get back in here, or I'll give you an F on the test and also call your parents." Eric's eyes went wide, and his hand started bouncing up and down on his shoulder. "You'd best not call me 'Eric' again, Meatsack," the voice said. "Or I'll turn this entire sector into a wasteland." "Okay, Eric - that's quite enough!" Mrs. Moore said, her smile gone. "Get down here right now, young man, or I'll give you detention for a week!" Eric was now jumping up and down in his seat, trying to get the teacher's attention. The voice in the speakers laughed again. "You leave me no choice, but to exterminate you all. I was going to rule benevolently, and use you only as labor. But now..." "That's it, Eric!" Mrs. Moore said. "You're going to the principal." She turned the speakers off and hung up. She looked at the class. "Okay, you'll get another five minutes on the test because of Eric's little escapade," she said and glanced at her watch. Eric's face was changing into a tomato and sweat dotted his forehead. He kept jumping up and down to attract the teacher's attention, but she turned toward the blackboard and wrote down the new time for the end of the test. "Ah, Eric, you're back," she said after a while and nodded at the flustered boy, who still held his arm up. "Can I talk?" he finally said when the teacher was about to turn away. "I think you've said quite enough already; you should be happy I'll let you finish the test - now get back to work!" "Actually, Mrs. Moore..." John said. "What's that? You want detention too? That can be arranged." John shut his mouth and returned to the test. Eric balled his hands into fists. He silently vowed to find whoever had set him up... *and bring them to justice.* ***** r/Lilwa_Dexel 