
Ambiguity is a dangerous thing. Take the question "Did you put him to sleep?" - are you getting your kid to bed, or euthanizing a pet? Kind of a big difference there. It's a great trick for figuring out if you're talking to a dumb AI. I read an Old Earth book about this once - about how some aliens contact us, but we figure out they aren't really conscious because they don't pick up on ambiguities like that. Books like that were a lot less popular before The Signal. When you get down to it, The Signal was pretty damn ambiguous. *"Wardens, do you not understand your duty?"* All our star systems, all our worlds, all our ships in space - whoever sent it bothered to set up a transmission hitting everyone everywhere simultaneously, even in Hyperjump, and they couldn't ask a better question? The simple answer is "Yes", of course, but the bigger answer is "Why?" - as in, "Why are you asking us this?" "What are we doing wrong?" The Signal's problem is the word 'Warden'. Warden of what? Prison - are we keeping some eldritch horror at bay? Fire - watching for any outbreaks or disasters among the Other Species? Street Warden? Forest Warden? Warden of the Mint? Don't get me wrong, I like the idea that we're destined to be the Galaxy's bankers. Bankers have it cushy. But the other species weren't exactly ready to be taking out loans, y'know? So we guessed as best we could. Called all their planets off-limits to settlement or harvesting. Stepped in if things got ugly. Stopped a few wars, bled off a couple supervolcanoes, nudged a big asteroid, healed a pandemic... We got kind of used to being their Wardens. Somewhere halfway between the love of a parent and the desire of a lover. But we still weren't sure. Not until we watched Them come out of Otherspace. Sixteen thousand ships, slipping into existence from a whole different reality. Not until we saw a world burn as They systematically slaughtered every single sentient being on it. No nukes, no asteroids, no fusion lances or pulse-howitzers. Hand-to-hand, or something like it. Still not a war, but a game. We weren't sure until They broad cast The Signal again. "We eagerly await the next Hunt, Wardens." Only then were we sure. *Game Wardens.* We were the galaxy's game wardens. Looking after whatever other 'lesser beings' were around. Put the predators in charge of the prey, keep them in line just enough to grow - then cull them. For fun. Like shooting lions in a raised in a cage. Did they look at our history? See us drive ourselves to bloody conflict over and over, only to step back and reemerge stronger? Thought we'd embrace the role? I don't know - They still don't talk much. But I do know this: They made a mistake. Another option that should have been blindingly obvious if they'd ever looked at our history: Because while They hadn't bothered clarifying Their question, we had chosen for them. We had become protectors, watchers - fond of our 'children' and proud of what accomplishments they wrought. We'd chosen to believe we were guardians, selected for the holy cause of bringing others into the fullness of their destiny. Not this next Hunt, maybe not even the one after that. But we're figuring Them out. Poking our way into Otherspace. Understanding Their nature. And some day, they're going to find out what the other meaning of Warden is. Like I said, ambiguity is a dangerous thing. 