
I felt like putting my fist through my monitor. I'm not going to lie to you, my life is a mess. And on this dreary weekend, the only piece of happiness I desired was to play Super Mario World on my crappy old PC. So I sauntered on to some shady website with flashy lights and multiple download buttons to pirate a 30 year old game. As I found the smallest and least obvious one and clicked on it, it told me to wait for 30 seconds. So I did. And then, came up a captcha. I hate that fucking thing. But it was proving to be particularly difficult today. It told me to click on telephone poles. Then buses. Then crosswalks. Then cars. And I kept on clicking. I was too lazy to go find another website, and at that point, I was determined to beat this fucking sorry excuse for a software. So I kept on clicking. And after the twelfth try, I lost it. I put my fist through the monitor. But as I pulled it out, wincing, I noticed it didn't hurt that much. I looked down on my hand, through the scratches, I could notice a tiny little bit of skin with green under it. "That's not supposed to be that way," I thought to myself. So I touched it and it started peeling off. As I fell off my "gaming" chair in shock, I saw what seemed like metal underneath the green of my skin. I felt a sharp pain in my neck and lost my senses. I don't remember anything else of that afternoon. As I woke up, I found myself in a giant metal tube with glass panels. I could see outside to a white room with multiple computers running my vitals or something. "Where the fuck am I?" A little chime rang through the air. "Oh. It appears subject AONT-100 is awake, Dr. Alphion," I heard a cool female voice say. "Is he now? Excellent. I believe our program works flawlessly. This is the third one this month! How many tries did it take this time?" "Twelve." "Two less than last time! Great!" "Who are you people? Where are you? Where am I?!" I screamed out into nothing. "Ah. A talkative one. I am Dr. Alphion, and you are my new friend, whatever your name is. We are going to have so much fun!" ***I'll write a part 2 if I can later tonight*** Edit : Part 2 is down in the replies! Edit : I plan to keep on writing this so I made my own subreddit. If you're interested, head over to /r/WaffleWrites 