
"Your honour," said the slug type creature, as it oozed back and forth in front of the gathered crowd, "humans of the jury, and species watching this broadcast galaxy wide. I intend to prove today, beyond a shadow of a doubt, that the genocide on Pirioux Xs2 was illegal! Totally, and utterly, illegal!" Some of the creatures gathered in the crowd began to mutter to one another. "Order! Order!" said the Judge, banging his gavel into a tiny black hole on his desk. All sound was instantly sucked out of the room. It returned a moment later as a ringing in our ears. "Would the Right Honourable Prosecutor please continue?" the judge said. "Thank you, your honour. It is my intention to prove that the Zoswions broke the rules stated within the Oyonian Convention, by eliminating all life on Pirioux Xs2 without full agreement of the council. They had *no right* to do this! The zenith-level creatures that inhabited the planet were both smart and honest. And--" "Objection!" hissed a creature that reminded me of an ant standing upright on hind legs. "The people of Pirioux Xs2 were war-like and virulent. Honest yes, but that does not right them of their wrongs. They would have spread like a plague, should they have been allowed to continue breeding." "Overruled!" The ant hissed and sank back down into its seat. "Thank you, your honour," said the slug. "Regardless of your thoughts on the planet's alpha species, the weapons used to eliminate them have now rendered the planet inhospitable. A class 4 planet. These do not come along every day. Not only that, millions of other species have been made extinct. For that, there is only one judgement! Only one punishment!" The ant stood again. "It was for a greater good! Besides, the other species could not have evolved to any level of worthwhile sophistication, as long as the alpha species remained on the planet, holding them down. In essence, the planet was Galuped." "Galuped?" I whispered to the pale faced girl next to me. "I think it means: *fucked*." "Oh." The judge spoke again, looking at the slug, "Is that all the prosecution would like to open with?" "It is." He turned to the ant, "Then Rashaldls, please defend the position of the Zoswions." "Thank you, your honour." The ant turned to us, its antenna flittering above it. "Imagine, humans, a war of universal proportions. Where every species becomes engulfed. Imagine torture and execution on this almost infinite scale. Prison camps, famines, plagues, self-created viruses. Imagine AI left to grow unchecked! That was the future we saved everybody here from. We knew we could not get permission granted by the high council, and so we took action on all your behalves. We are heroes!" The slug tried to object, but a cheer erupted from the crowd, drowning him out. For the next twelve hours or so, evidence from both sides was given. Then, we were left to deliberate. We did not take long to reach our verdict. It was unanimous. The ant-like species that had exterminated life on Pirioux Xs2 had taken the right course of action, only without consent. Consent they would never have been granted by a council locked in aeon old bureaucracy. We gave them a hundred years of planetary isolation. A hundred years of planetary isolation... Barely a slap on the wrist. If we'd only known what was to come. How this case would be used in the future. Used as an excuse. If we'd only known. 