
Vladimir walked up to the massive corporate office building. This would be his first job interview ever - which said a lot, when you were almost 600 years old. But the times were changing, and you couldn't be a bloodsucker forever. Feeling an unfamiliar feeling of nervousness, he stepped up to the doors. He was immediately perplexed to find that there were no handles. He made an attempt at finding some kind of switch, but soon became frustrated. He saw the receptionist and security guard looking at him in confusion. "Can somevun help me over here?" Vlad asked, peering through the windows. "There doesn't seem to be a vay to open it." The security guard walked up to the door, which opened immediately. Vlad glared at him suspiciously. "Vat vitchcraft is zis?" he asked, feeling his fangs lengthen as his anger grew. "Sorry sir," the security guard said, "must be an error with the doors. Don't know why they weren't picking you up." Vlad thought for a bit, then nodded sagely. "Ahh, I thvink I know," he said, as he walked past the reception, "ze doors must not be able to see me." The guard stared at him, confused. "...Sure," he said, deciding it was useless to argue with a crazy person. **** Fortunately, the door to the office where the job interview was taking place simply had a knob, which he turned with self-satisfaction. "Oh, you must be... Vladimir?" the interviewer inside asked, gesturing towards a seat opposite the desk. "Please, sit down." Vlad sat down uncomfortably. He preferred to be standing, generally upside down, and this just added to his feeling of being overwhelmed. "So, Vlad," the interviewer asked, looking down at his CV with intrigue, "what made you choose this job?" "I vas told I needed to 'get vith ze times'," Vlad said, shifting uncomfortably in his seat, "and I vas recommended to this job." "Brilliant, brilliant," the interviewer said, "and is there a reason your CV is bound with - what I assume is - human skin?" Vlad looked surprised. "Vas that a bad idea?" "Oh, no problem, no problem. So, a question we like to ask our potential employees is, when you look in the mirror, *what do you see?*" "Nothing," Vlad said simply. The interviewer frowned. "We mean how do you see yourself, Vlad? What does your reflection hold?" Vlad was beginning to get annoyed again. "Nuthink, I told you. I am Vampire." The interviewer raised an eyebrow, paging through the CV. "Ah, yes, my apologies, that would explain why the only thing you listed under your 'strengths' was 'Bloodsucking'." "Is zat a bad thving?" Vlad asked, worried that he blew it. The interviewer laughed. "A bad thing? Nonsense - you're hired!" Vlad looked at him in surprise. "*Really?*" "Of course, this is Comcast," the interviewer said, smiling, "we're all bloodsuckers over here!" ***** ***** If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my new subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 