
Enkara had not expected hell. Truthfully, he had not expected anything after death. Most of his fellow villagers spoke solemnly about the cave under the earth, the shadow-place where everyone laid down to dust upon death. But Enkara always imagined that a story to make children feel better about becoming worm food one day. But now he did find himself in some sort of cavern. Walls of scarlet calcite vaulted high over head, surrounded by columns of immense stalagmites that looked like fountains of frozen blood. The room, for all its vastness, held only seven folding chairs and seven wild-eyed humans staring around at one another in equal bewilderment. "Finally!" said the man at the end of the row. His laugh like an eggshell breaking. "He said we couldn't get started until we're all here. You took your good goddamn time dying." "I'm sorry?" The woman to Enkara's left shook her head sadly. "Don't listen to him, darling. He's gone mad." She reached for the man beside her, squeezed his hand. "Been rambling the five years we've been here." "Every minute," her husband agreed through his teeth. The man leapt sputtering from his chair. "Thirty years ago he said to me that when *every* chair in this room was filled, he'd return." Somewhere, deep within the cave, a door boomed open. The humans all huddled in their chairs and waited, barely daring to breathe. A huge man strode into the room. His skin was liver-red, and as his eyes scoured the seven horrified faces, fire flickered back at them. His clawed feet clicked as he stalked back and forth before them. Silent and appraising. When he licked his dry lips, his tongue flicked out, forked and thin as a snake's. Enkara wished he could melt into his chair. Melt through the floor. He gripped his seat with both hands, squeezed his eyes shut, and waited. Finally the great demon spoke. His voice boomed out, "Congratulations!" He traded wary glances with the others. "You are the *very* first mortals to come to hell. And really, we're just so excited to have you on board. Your life histories indicate a history of skepticism and aggressive self-interest. We really value those qualities here in hell." The woman beside me leaned over and whispered to her husband, "What is this? This isn't Kur." "You're right!" The demon applauded her, his wickedly long claws catching the scant torchlight. "This is hell! And I am your eternal tormentor. You can call me Beelz. And my friends, we're going to transform it into something revolutionary. Something global. I have something here that will hook every mortal heart that yearns and yet never is fulfilled." The demon's peppy smile returned. Enkara watched his incisors gleam and flash. Sharpened bone big as his middle finger. "What do you mean, exactly?" asked the jumpy man at the end of the line of chairs. First to arrive in hell, apparently. "Eager to get started. I like to see that." The demon reached into the empty air. A chair generated in his palm. He turned it around and sat it in backwards, gripping the chair back and inspecting them one by one. "We believe that sin is the key to really monopolizing the mortal soul market. Get someone hooked on just their right kind of flavor, and we have them booked for life. Right? Hooked and booked? That's catchy, right?" When no one said anything, the demon produced a stone tablet as if from nowhere. "I have a better one somewhere in my notes." "You're saying you brought us here because of sin?" Enkara prompted, gently. He lowered his tablet a moment. "Right. Yeah. I've been laying on this idea for a few centuries that if we have the right variety and selection of sin, we'll be able to rope in even *more* humans. Something more compelling than that love thy neighbor bullshit." He gestured to us. "And that, my friends, is where you come in." The man at the end of the row held his head in his hands and mumbled, "Thirty years for this." The demon pushed on like he had not heard him. "Your job is to reflect on humanity's greatest weak points. As humans, you're the ideal candidates for the task." He smirked. "And, obviously, since you're coming in at the ground floor, we'd let you in on a cut of the company." "Is that good?" asked the woman, flatly. "Oh, trust me. Hell's gonna be *huge*. Everyone's gonna be showing up here. But we can discuss all those finer contractual points later." "I have some questions--" her husband started, but Beelz shushed him. "Don't doubt yourselves. You were born and you died for this task. No one but you could do it better." He stood up and pushed away his chair. It disappeared back into the ether. "I need each of you to come up with a compelling and *unique* deadly sin by the end of the week, okay? Or I'm going to *have* to throw you into the lake of fire and wait for someone else." They all stared at him, faces blank as tombstones. Beelz beamed and clapped at them, reassuringly. "I believe in you, team!" And then he was gone, leaving the seven deadly sins to give themselves their new names. *** /r/shoringupfragments 