
Nobody told me why they hated Stan, just that everyone hates Stan. I was new to the company, see. So I didn't know anyone near my office, only Stan, who was pointed out to me by another co-worker that told me not to talk to him. Being my bold and stubborn self, I went up to him anyway. Asked about how long he worked there, when our break would start, simple things like that. His office was pretty cozy, not the largest, but he liked to decorate the best he could. There was a nice potted plant in the corner, a picture of two women next to his computer that I had assumed were his daughters, seeing as he was an older fellow. His office really seemed like an expression of himself, at the time at least. We started chatting during our breaks, I didn't take any care in the fact that he would come over to my office more then I would go to his. He liked looking at how I decorated my office, taking interest in every item. He specifically liked my framed award that I had gotten for an acting competition back in Highschool. I won't lie, his interest in the award was a little bit odd, but it brought back nastalgia for me to talk about, and he could tell that it had meaning. The next day, I showed up to work to find the award not on the wall where it had been framed. I looked high and low and assumed that I had simply taken it home, for whatever reason. There was no other logical explanation for why my award wasn't on the wall, right? Stan stopped showing up to my office during breaks, but seemed more then happy to invite me to his the next week. I walked inside, and my eyes were instantly drawn to the framed award on the wall. MY award. I wasn't specifically angry at Stan, moreso confused at the time. "Stan?" I asked him. "Why is my award on your wall?" He looked confused, "what award?" He asked me. I pointed to it, but he seemed to pretend that it wasn't there. I tried taking off the wall, to which he pushed me back and screamed for me to get out. I could prove that it was mine, yes, but why bother? It's just a piece of paper, I have another copy at home. But it was still weird. I walked around the next day at break, asking people about Stan and recounting my story. It seemed that I wasn't the only one who Stan had stolen from. The picture of the two women belonged to another of my coworkers, it was of her and her sister. The plant, was a father's day gift from another coworker's daughter. It seemed that whenever this was brought to the boss's attention, she would search Stan's office, but our items would always be missing. I don't how Stan does it, but he does, and that's all that really matters. "You can't blame the boss though", I told the new guy as I unlocked my office door. "I think she believes us, we just don't have proof." I paused. "But it reminds me, always lock your office door" 