
"Welcome to Little Things," a crude voice whispered to me, a ham-fisted bass clearly pitched an octave up. It had the serenity of a bull in meditation. "A little piece of heaven." I looked down at the squat woman, her stocky features clashing with the light pink dress slapped on her. Its fringe flowed like cake frosting and dragged on the floor, bundled around her feet. The servers all wore similar garb, tending to patrons seated on cushions like cream colored clouds and nearly tripping over themselves at times. There were lights strung along the ceiling that looked like faeries dancing, lush depictions of greenery on the walls, and translucent lace tapestries flowing from all windows which let sunlight in as a holy glow. Small, almost ornate pastries lined the front counter, miniature presents of tantalizing sweetness. It, indeed, looked like a little piece of heaven. Well, aside from the staff. "Thank you," I replied, returning my eyes to the woman whose head was barely above my knees. Her ponytail was a bird's nest of thick, chocolate hair and either the light was cast wrong or stubble shaded her jawline. There was a large, pointed leaf covering each of her ears. "May I take you to a seat?" she asked, her voice raspy at first but quickly regaining its facade. "No, I'll just take a coffee to go." Something about the dichotomy was too unsettling to linger around. The woman frowned. "We only serve tea here, sir. Herbs and leaves from across the land to... Calm you." She hardly looked to believe it. "Sorry to bother, then. I'll be on my way." She scowled at me, taking a deep breath. "May you find peace on your journey." I raised an eyebrow, thanking her upon exiting. *What an odd place...* The exit left me facing an establishment across the cobblestone road, one with much less elegance and cleanliness externally, but the sound of raucous laughter emanated from it. The grimy sign, looked to be rubbed with mud, read 'The Wild Stag'. I entered into dimness, a scent of musk and body odor filling my nose. An attractive woman, one that glowed in the dank tavern, clambered over to me. Each step was a clamored, forceful stomp, as if role-playing an ancient beast. "You lookin for a wild time? We've got ale you can drink straight from the barrel," she growled, her voice opposite of the squat woman from earlier. The voice of an angel who'd spent too much time inhaling her pipe smoke. The voice of a woman who was, undoubtedly, approaching me in a squatted position. The rest of the staff looked almost the same as her, with brilliant skin, pale hair and pointed ears that poked out over headbands that pressed them flat. They did not wear the forced scowls well, nor was their grace well-served, shuffling around with bent knees. A pair started what looked to be a fight, one of the men slapping the other tamely. They embraced after an apology. Another round of the raucous laughter I'd heard outside bellowed, echoing through the cramped hall, from a group of weathered men who had clearly put the duo up to their scuffle. "Why... Would I drink ale directly from the barrel?" I asked tentatively, glancing at the imperial warhammers set on each wall. "What's the-" She coughed, then cleared her throat, flushing a light pink. "Whats the matter, you never had a good time before?" I stared at her. "I just want a coffee, lady. Maybe a little rum in it..." "We only serve ale, here, traveler." "Perhaps a warm meal, then? Something hearty?" "No, we literally only serve ale here. The cook is... out." My blank stare held against her. "What the hell is the deal with this town? First the Dwarves across the street, and now this shit?" She looked both ways before leaning in. "The Dwarves? How was their cafe?" "It was... very strange." A smile crept across her face, filled with straight, pearly teeth that radiated in the wan lighting. "Excellent. Look, don't tell anyone- we have a bet with those damn Dwarves to see who pulls in more money running the other's business for a week. We're definitely going to win, don't you think? It's so easy being brutish, and Dwarves don't have a drop of grace in them." *I don't think there's self-awareness on either side... they'll all be unemployed come next week.* She leaned closer, stifling a giggle. "We originally named the cafe 'Little Things' to make them mad, but now it's *so* much better." My shoulders slumped, and I sat down on one of the benches at a knurled oak table set far too low for adults. My head burrowed into my palms, then poked through, stretching my face as a bout of laughter overtook me. "Just... fetch me a fucking ale. I'm not drunk enough to be in this town." */r/resonatingfury* 