
Ma, bless her soul, was a great lady, but she was also a sucker for the con-men that sold stuff on the streets in New York City. Every year I would take her there for her "New York Minute" as she liked to call her little vacation. We would stay somewhere in one of the boroughs for 2 or 3 days and go see the sights and take in a Broadway show or two. Every year, no matter how much I tried to prevent it, she would come home with several "Rolex" watches and a bunch of other junk. The worst was back in 1997, when she spent $100 on a small radio shack box with 2 leds on it. The man who sold it to her said that if the led was green, you would visit wherever you were again, however if it was red, that meant that you never again be at that location. When opened the box up, all it contained was a circuit board covered in plastic (to make it look mysterious and to cover up the 555 chip he most likely used), 2 leds, and a 9 volt battery. Ma loved her little box, and carried it wherever she went. Most of the time the little green led was lit, but occasionally when we went out to Pennsylvania or upstate New York, the little red led would light. Whenever that happened, she would play tourist. I gave up trying to tell her that the box was fake, and just replaced the 9 volt battery every few months so that "her box" would stay lit. As the years went by, I didn't really think much more about it, after all, if it made Ma happy, it made me happy. We still went to New York City every year, and I still had to watch out for getting ripped off. At least I prevented her from paying $2000 for a box that could contact the dead. She wanted to talk to Pa, God rest his soul, but I convinced her that she would be able to see or talk to him until the day that she went to join him. I'm still not sure how I actually talked her out of it - the only thing I can think of is that she is a devout Catholic and figured that using that box would be a sin. Things were fine until this year's trip to New York City. Ma wanted to see Cats, so I booked us a room at the Hilton down at the Trade Center for our annual "New York Minute." Sunday was great, we went to the show, and even had a chance to get over to see Lady Liberty. Monday was a disaster. When we got up in the morning, everything was fine until Ma noticed that her little box was glowing red. I had planned to take her up to the top of the tower to see the city, but she grew increasingly upset when the red led didn't go back to green. "Ma, how often do we come to the towers? Just because it is staying red doesn't mean you're gonna die!" "Sonny, I'm 83 years old and could die at any time. I'm not ready to go yet!" "Look, let's just go to the top, then I'll take you to Windows over the World for lunch. Put the box away, and have a good time. After all, it was green when you were in the room this morning." "Fine, but if I die, it's your fault!" We made it to the top of the tower, saw the sights, then went to lunch. The little red light never wavered. I tried taking her shopping in the Trade Center Mall, but all she could do is stare at the red light. I finally gave up and took her back to the room. At least the stupid red led finally went off and the green was back on. "I want to go home! I'm not gonna die here in New York City!" "But, Ma, we are paid up through Wednesday, and I thought we could go see the Mets play!" "Forget the stupid Mets, I WANT TO GO HOME!" "Fine, Ma, we'll leave tomorrow morning." "Early?" "Early." Tuesday morning rolled around and we were up at 6 am. As if things weren't bad enough, the stupid box was now red in the room. Ma, freaked out, and I had to lead her down to the parking deck. I was going to check out, but decided to forget it and just eat the extra day. We finally left the Trade Center complex about 7, and headed towards the Holland Tunnel, and home. I kept talking to her about anything and everything to keep her mind off of that stupid box. "The box is green." "What box, Ma?" We had been talking about Christmas presents when she said that. "My box, of course! What are you, daft?" Sure enough the little green led is lit, and stayed lit as we entered the tunnel. Thank God it stayed green, Ma was beginning to calm down and not look like she was gonna have a stroke any minute now. "Turn on Howard." "What, Ma?" "Turn on Howard! I want to see what he is up to today." Thankful she was acting somewhat normal, I turned on Howard Stern. I can't stand his show, but Ma loves it. As we put the City behind us for another year, I gleefully ignored Stern's babble until they mentioned something about a plane hitting one of the towers. My face went white as I realized what he was talking about - the place we had just left. For once I agreed with Stern - how the hell could a plane hit the trade center tower on a lovely sunny day? "Sonny, I told you my box was a good buy! We coulda been hit by an airplane!" "Yes, Ma." 