
My father was a surgeon, his father was a psychiatrist, my brother was an engineer, my sister a lawyer. All of them had perfect smiles and abs without even trying. Me, I had a weak chin and asthma. I was too feeble to get one of the heroic degrees, so I settled for mad science. My mother wanted me to be a janitor, begged me. My dad simply stopped talking to me. In spite of my reassurances, they feared I would end up in villainy. But I knew what I was doing. Medical science had stagnated, save for when a hero beat some mad scientist and stole his tech. Heck, every field of research had devolved to reverse engineering some villain's creation. So I realized that, if I really wanted to change the world, to make it a better place, I needed to do something unheard of. I had to go a little mad. My first year at the school, we had to develop the means to power a small city and apply it to a single device. So many insane inventions require massive amounts of power. So I studied hard and built a basic replica Dr Atom's Pocket Fusion Generator. It had the power of a small star in a container the size of a soda can. The shell is literally an old soda can. You need an egg, three paper clips, and two nickels to make it. When I showed my brother how, it made us millions and wiped out several major power companies. Millions lost their jobs. My brother went to prison, though our sister got him the minimum sentence. That project got me a C in the class, as it was too large. My sophomore year, I chose to help grandpa. I studied mind reading and swapping, and built a simple device, a modified x-ray machine, that let him see the complex networks that led to his patients' psychoseses. A quarter of my class dropped out as the machine had helped cure their madness. I nearly get expelled. Junior year, this year, I'm studying revivification of necrotic flesh. Dad has me up at the hospital, helping out. He's coming around, as I have restored paralyzed and damaged limbs, reversed organ failure, awakened comatose patients, and even brought one little girl back from the dead. She'll have to take iron pills and use high SPF sunscreen for the rest of her life, but she'll live. I'm a little worried how the school will take that, so I've listed her as a future vampiric minion in my notes. I hope that works, because my plan for next year is big. I mean world domination big. After all, if I'm in charge, it'll be a lot easier to introduce the rest of the world to mad science as a socially acceptable field, right? Mwahaha. Mwahahaha. Mwahahahahahahaha. 