
I muttered, "Number of people killed." And as expected, baby Mateo and baby Amelia had zero. So I quietly head down to the dining room and saw my aunt setting the table. I muttered those words again. And it was no surprise the results said she had killed 8 people. But the number on her head kept blinking back and forth from 0 to 8. I felt sorry for her, I wanted to give her a hug. Six months ago, there was a car accident in her usual route home. My aunt was not able to save those unfortunate people involved even though she was there as first respondent. I said a quick prayer for her, and moved to the kitchen. "Number of people killed." I said. "Yes, Richard?" Mom asked as she was preparing our dinner. "Oh, nothing." "Dinner is almost done. Go get Mateo and Amelia." My mother instructed. And like the obedient son that I was, I went up to the bedrooms. I passed by the family den, and saw my Dad reading. I searched him. And zero results. I was both disappointed and relieved I have a normal, law-abiding family. "Dinner's ready!" We all heard Mom and settled ourselves around the table. Mateo and Amelia were a bit unruly because they still wanted to play. It was a good dinner. I love fried chicken and it was all I ate. While the adults always have the salads. I was so full and was about to ask to leave when we hear a commotion outside. "What's that noise?" My mom asked. "Can you go and check?" I went out to check on Roger, our Doberman. "What is it, boy?" Roger kept barking at nothing. But soon stopped and started to run around me. I held out my hand and let him smell and lick it. "I had chicken!" I said as I pet him with my other hand. There was no search bar on his head. But I searched him anyway. A result popped out. It said 34. "Huh? That's impossible!" I looked at the result again, and stared at Roger. And then I searched him again. "List names of people killed." I did not recognize anyone on the list. There must be something wrong with my search. "How did you kill them?" Numerous results kept popping out. Burning. Torture. Asphyxiation. Beheading. "Roger...what are you?" A result popped out. Roger answered, "I'm hungry." 