
"I've missed you!" The third person screamed and threw themselves on me, in as many minutes. I had barely left the loading dock for my ship yet. "I'm sorry, I've never been here before, you must have me mistaken for someone else." I apologise again. "You're not Gorsh?" They ask surprised. "Nope. Never met him. Hell never even heard of him." I scrub my scalp in annoyance, but try to be polite. It's my first time here after all. I chose this backwater planet to refuel and resupply because I had let myself get dangerously low on both things. As an asteroid miner, it wasn't unheard of to be gone for three or more years at a time for a job. A large hand fell on my shoulder. Okay, I'm getting annoyed now. I turn to deny knowing another person, only to see my crewmate John there laughing. "Gorsh huh? You never told me you came from a place like this." He had been watching then. "John. You know me. Riley. I come from Astora and this hole in the wall is a long ways from there." "I know I know. Wonder who this Gorsh guy is." He chuckled. "No idea, lets try and get what we came for and get out of here." I said that, but even looking around, I knew that it was going to be a while coming. People were looking at me whispering. I could see at least two more getting ready to approach me. Great. "Maybe I should stay on the ship..." I started, but John laughed once again shaking his head. "No way. Me and the other boys are bad with our finances. You're the only responsible one of the lot of us." It was true. They lost more to gambling than they kept. Good thing room and board were part of our pay I supposed. The day wore on, and all I wanted was to get on the damned ship. People were touching me, grabbing me. Some started sobbing on sight. It was more than a little distracting. I heard noise behind me as I stood in front of the third vendor that was too busy to talk about this Gorsh fellow than to sell to me. Before I turned to look, I heard, "Gorsh. Welcome home son." Oh no. His father. I turn expecting the worst. "Sir, I'm sorry that you have me confused for your son. However my name is Riley, a member of the mining team aboard the Halifax." He just chuckled. "Always the jokester, son." Then he pulled me in for a bone crushing hug. I shoved him away, and he looked shocked. "Gorsh, what's wrong?" Okay, I was getting pissy now. "I. AM. NOT. GORSH." The man stopped, and looked me over. It was a bit uncomfortable, but better than being confused as his son... "Gorsh. I know it's you. You've always had that strange shaped birthmark on the back of your left hand." I look down at my hand. My birthmark was unique to say the least. A patch of white on my nearly ebony skin. It was bisected by the pale blue of a vein laying right below the skin. Very noticeable. "Sir, I'm sorry. Pointing out something you can see on my body does not impress me, nor does it show that you actually know me." I could tell that hurt him. "Fine, you have another mark, like that, on your left shoulder. And another on your left leg." He stated. He was right, but ... what the hell. "Okay, jokes over pal. I don't know who you or any of these other people are, but it's pissing me off. Fuck off." I stormed back towards the ship. We were refueled already, we could get supplies elsewhere. "Gorsh. Please. We've missed you. Your mother missed you." He followed me all the way to the ship. Begging. Crying. Seems like Gorsh, whoever he was up and left one day. After saving the town to boot. Of course a goody good guy. Nothing like me. John was still in hysterics, and to my displeasure invited the guy aboard. "Here, Riley, use the ships analyzer to compare your DNA with ... What did you say your name was sir?" John asked politely. What an ass, thinking this was funny. "Garsh." What was with these names? "Fine. Prove I'm not his son and get him off our ship." I walked over and pricked my finger, letting a few drops fall onto the analyzer. A moment later Garsh followed. While DNA was not its main function, it had been programed. One too many drinks on a space station and one of the men had found himself being told he was to be a father. He denied it, and until they did a paternity test on board, he had no way of clearing his name. The little icon swirled, and data flashed across the screen as it worked to determine relationship. "Now Garsh, please, I am sorry about Gorsh, but I really am not your son." The computer dinged happily, and I turned to show him the results. Only to find that they showed a high possibility of relationship. What? "Gorsh, this joke isn't funny anymore. You are coming home. You need to see your mother." Garsh nearly dragged me off the ship. I fought it with all my might, and then, can you believe it? John the asshole *stunned* me. r/LandOfMisfits Edit: I have decided to continue this as a serial, both on my sub r/LandOfMisfits and on a new subreddit specifically for web serials, r/redditserials I hope you check out both. I will write part 3 this evening then update weekly on Saturdays. 