
I opened my eyes. A white, tiled ceiling. My head pounded like something was trying to get out. The rest of my body didn't exactly feel any better, more bruise than muscle. "Jake." Someone spoke, and I tilted my head forward, trying to see who. They beat me to it, standing over me. Her eyes sparkled with tears. "You're awake! Thank god you're awake," she said, grabbing my hand and squeezing tight. "Oh Jake, I was so worried." Her voice cracked, hoarse. She let go of me to wipe the spilt tears. "I'm... Jake?" Her expression froze, eyes wide, until she forced a gentle smile. "Y-yes," she said. "Oh, um, I should.... The doctor was worried you might have amnesia." Reaching over me, she pressed a button on the wall. "They'll... I don't know. Sorry, I'm just a mess, and...." I patted her hand, a weight leaving her shoulders. She sniffed, taking a deep breath to settle herself, and then finally looked back at me with a sweet smile. "I'm just so happy you woke up." And she held my hand, but it was more intimate than a friendly gesture, our fingers woven together--like we were a couple. It lasted half a minute, interrupted by a nurse arriving. She left me to speak with the nurse, talking outside my room. I looked at my hand. There was a wedding ring. I... hadn't got married. My memories weren't really all there, but I was sure of that. The ring looked so out of place. Her face was familiar, her voice. My name... was Jake. Was my name Jake? It felt almost wrong, but not completely, like it was a nickname, like a few people had called me Jake even though it wasn't my name. And she was pretty. Take away the puffy, red eyes and kind of bloated face and wash her hair properly, and she would've been beautiful. But... was she my wife? The wedding ring felt loose on my finger. Maybe I'd lost some weight on the hospital diet. A doctor eventually came to check on me, shining his torch in my eyes and asking me question after question, her hand firmly holding mine the whole time. As they told me about my past, it felt familiar, and yet hearing them call me Jake always jarred me that little bit. By nightfall, I was exhausted. She could barely keep herself from nodding off. I thought she was afraid, worried I would fall asleep and never wake up, desperate to spend every last second she could with me in case it was actually the last. Given that I was in hospital, I'd clearly given her reason to worry. Still, I couldn't shake the... unease. "Leah," I whispered. "Mm, yeah?" "What happened?" Her hand tensed, gentle breaths paused. The night lighting barely let me see her face, pain etched across it, her eyes glittering. I almost took back the question, but the damage was already done and I needed to know eventually. "You were... on a road trip, with Esau." "My brother?" She nodded. "A last holiday, before the baby gets in the way," she softly said, her other hand idly rubbing her stomach. "Some concert, or show. I don't really know. You wrote down where you'd be if I needed you, but the two of you sorted it all out yourselves, so...." I gently squeezed her hand. Taking another deep breath, she blew it out slowly before continuing. "Um, it was... a drunk driver. On the motorway. Both of you were sober, maybe a bit tired, but I'm sure Esau wouldn't have driven if he was.... Anyway, the other man, he crashed into you and, and...." "Esau died." Flashes of memory, blood, twisted metal. Screaming. Me, screaming. I'd been screaming a name. His name. What name? "Yes." I looked at my hand, the hand she held so tightly, as though she was afraid I would be yanked away from her again. The wedding ring. We were twins. Did we have our wallets in our pockets? They knew I was Jake because I wore the ring. "I know it's horrible," she whispered, coming closer, leaning against my shoulder. "But I'm so glad you lived. I, I think Esau probably tried his best to save you. I mean, he was so happy when we told him he was going to be an uncle." The wedding ring, loose on my finger. I was Jake. Reaching over, I gently stroked the top of her head, kissed her forehead. "Yeah, I'm sure he did." --- If you liked this and would like to read more stories by me, /r/mialbowy 