
Freyen didn't think much of it when the human had said, *I'm happy to show you how we've always hunted.* He didn't think much of it when he had said, *I'll give you a bit of a head start; head out into the wilderness and I'll come find you.* And he really didn't think much of that human's smile when he had agreed, suited up, and left. Now he was on X-46's surface, its atmosphere a mimic of the human's old planet. Freyen wasn't fond of oxygen, personally, but eventually, he took off the suit when the heat inside blossomed. For his species, they overheated easily, and he didn't want to risk dealing with his body's response--an opening of his chest cavity--and then having to wait for it to close again. It would certainly slow him down, and he could still smell that human. At first, he'd been running on all fours, the most comfortable mode of transport for his species, but soon he grew tired, his skin itching from the oxygen, his myriad of eyes stinging from the dust. But he knew he couldn't stop. He had to keep putting one paw in front of the other, keep pushing through the grasslands. His friends had joked that the human would fall flat on his face at some point, tripping over a rock or stick, and have to abandon the chase; but Freyen knew it wouldn't end like that. The human had gotten close enough to call out to him: *Just keep going, Freyen! I'll be there soon enough!* But their pace had slowed to a walk; it had been fifteen hours and Freyen was growing tired, so very tired, even in the dead of night, when things were cooler and his skin had hardened to keep him warm. He'd passed many beasts on his way, all with a wary look in their eyes as he passed as if they could smell his exhaustion, his growing desperation. His paws ached, his skin begged for moisture, his organs cramped from exertion. Thinking on it now, he didn't know why the humans had asked him to do it, instead of setting off after one of the beasts on the planet. His species had been so kind to them, helping them construct this planet to be a near-exact copy of their old one, animals and all. The alliance between the two of them had been beneficial so far, as the humans created art that his species was unable to produce, unable to even conceive. Something about sculpture spoke to him specifically, the way it mimicked the surroundings of the humans yet spoke to something deeper, their varied and wild emotions. And walking now, this feeling of desperation and resolve, not knowing why he continued, unable to even see the threat that chased him, he was beginning to understand them a little better. At twenty-two hours, he was slowing drastically, passing a stream that he doused himself in to restore his skin's natural texture--if he hadn't, his joints would have locked up from overexertion, his body rebelling against the trial it was under. But that gave the human time to catch up. He was still smiling when he found Freyen, pulling himself clumsily from the stream, hauling himself onto the shore. His skin shivered as he breathed in deeply, the human moving over him. In his hand, he held a primitive spear. Freyen watched as the human raised it high, bringing it down with tremendous force, burying it into the dirt next to his head. The human extended his hand, that smile growing and twitching. Freyen took it, hoisting himself unnaturally onto two legs; they wanted to buckle instantly. The human pulled him close, *You're lucky they're still watching*, the human said, indicating our ship in orbit, *I hate to let a good hunt go.* /r/ainsleyadams 