
My bones and muscles ached as a I crossed the street, I try to avoid crossing this street, but this was the only route available, the last time was years ago. I shudder at the memory that shows it's face, "God, Isabel, I miss you." I think, before shaking the thought. I hurry along and as I step on the sidewalk, I stop. Nothing happened, absolutely nothing, I am just as fine as I was before I crossed the street. I turn around to see if I lost something, anything, but nothing. Everything is where it should be and that worries me, things are as they should be when they shouldn't be. "I'm glad we're finally meeting. You're paroled today!" I freeze, this is it. The end of my miserable, 79 years of pain, hardship and trauma. I gather my courage and turn around, slowly yet curious to see the face to which the voice belongs. A young man, compared to me at least, stands before me, brown tussled hair, a leather jacket, worn out jeans and sneakers and on his face a five o'clock shadow accompanied with a huge genuine smile. I feel the tension leaving my body, everything about this person seems familiar, but my mind is old and I can't recall if I know him, it irritates me. He looks at me with confusion. "Hey are you okay? You haven't said a thing yet for like two minutes." I snap out of it. "Oh sorry young man, I am just confused, what do you mean, paroled? I have been a free man since I was born and last I checked being like the unluckiest s.o.b on this godforsaken rock isn't a crime." "Well duh, it's not a crime, it's the sentence." He responds with the familiar tone I still can't place. "Sentence for what?" I stammer "Oh yeah.. um.. I am not allowed to tell you it's an issue if I do, ya know with all that time stuff-" His watch starts bleeping. "woops, that was too close for comfort. Just trust me it's going to be okay." He says with a smile. This guy is crazy, perks of living in the city. "Hey kid this is great and all, but I have to go. I am old and my days are short enough as is." I step past him and continue my morning walk "Hey, I like to apologize man for everything, again it's getting better! Trust me!" I shake my head and keep walking. Suddenly I hear a familiar voice, a voice I didn't hear in years. "Dad, get back here, you're walking the wrong way! The store is the other way!" I look back and there she stands, beautiful as she was years ago. "I-Isabel?" I stammer. "Yes that's me dad, let's roll we gotta hurry, mom is waiting with the brunch" I grab my phone from my pocket 10:12, 23 May, 2039, the day I lost her. The young woman is now near me "Hey dad , are you okay?" I smile and hug her, as the tears are streaming down my face I see my reflection, I see the man from earlier, older but unmistakably him. "I am now, I am now." 