
Anna and I were expecting our second child, but I was waiting for the weirdness to begin. See, our first pregnancy was pretty smooth up until the point where we figured out the child would tap along to the tempo of any music or background noise. At eighteen months Bella was a musical progeny, we'd bought her so many xylophones and musical keyboards, each one with a unique sound. Of course Bella came out with the most wonderful jingles, she'd learnt to play all the theme songs to her favourite shows. It was remarkable, and still very annoying to hear the theme to 'Paw Patrol' on repeat whenever she was in the mood to watch it. I would attribute this genius to Anna's family, as there was no way it was coming from me or mine, but she had insisted her family were ordinary. Could it have been the sperm donor we used? After Bella was old enough, we decided she needed a sibling and thankfully the same donor was available as we decided that I should be the one to carry the second child. Although we would have one child that was biologically our own, we still wanted them to be related. And who knows? Maybe we would end up with another little genius? "You'll get to experience it firsthand this time," Anna had said cheerfully, although she had blogged a couple of months into the pregnancy that she definitely wouldn't miss the morning sickness or acid reflux. I don't blame her, it's exhausting! So here we were; it was a quiet Friday night, Bella was finally asleep after wanting to experiment more with the mini drum-kit we had been given for her first birthday, and Anna and I were in bed together. My belly was so swollen at this point, I couldn't believe I wasn't due for another month! I could barely roll over to face my darling wife who, with her reading glasses on, was powering through 'American Gods' by Neil Gaiman. Up until this point we hadn't heard much from the baby inside me, a few bumps and kicks but nothing as peculiar as Bella's musical tapping. Part of me was wishing that we would have a more average child, mostly because then I would be able to actually help with homework and not have to worry about the costs of an elite private school which wouldn't bore them out of their brains. I mean we were already on the waiting list for one of the most prestigious music colleges in all of Canada for goodness sakes, how could we afford another gifted child? My focus was drawn back to my stomach as the baby began to move slightly and kick out. "Oof!" Anna bookmarked her book and turned towards me, "Ooh our next little genius is awake." I rolled my eyes at her, "I'm pretty sure the genius came from your 'exquisite' family tree, there's no telling how deformed the child will be because of my genetics." She chuckled softly and raised her hand to my stomach. After a couple of kicks she frowned slightly, like she was concentrating. "I think our baby is talking to us in Morse Code," she said. "What? That's crazy! How would a baby know Morse Code?" Anna didn't reply, instead she reached for her pen and paper on the bedside table, and pressed her hand into my stomach more and concentrated. "Uhh, I think our baby just replied to your comment?" She looked puzzled, but also amused. "Well?" I didn't know Morse Code, so I needed Anna to interpret. "He said 'I'm not a complete fool'" her eyes were wide. I didn't blame her, I was as shocked as she was. "What-" "Hang on" she interrupted, "He's saying something else?" The bumps and taps went on for a little while, Anna scribbled for a bit and then burst into laughter. "What? What is it?" Of course I was anxious, who wouldn't be after her reaction to what the kid had said. Anna couldn't reply, her whole body was rocking with laughter, so she shoved the paper towards me to read. After the initial shock of reading such a sentence, I joined Anna in her laughing fit. There, written on the page: 'Did you just assume my gender?' 