
"Sir, we've checked and rechecked the translations, and we are 100% positive that this is what they said," General MacMillan said. The army-man's eyes were blazing intensity, and he knew what he wanted to say. However, attacking the invaders had already been written off the board by higher powers than he. "Five minuets," the President said. "Five minuets. Not minutes. We're sure it's minuets." It wasn't a question, but the general answered, "Yes." "Can Eminem even do a minuet? Doesn't he do...I don't know, do rappers even dance?" "From what I understand, no, sir, they just bounce around and speak rapidly." "How can he tell the history of the entire Earth in five minuets?" The president leaned back and rubbed his chin where a beard had grown until five minutes before he entered the political stage. That had been over twenty years ago, and now he wasn't sure that anything in his experience would save him now. "Especially if he can't talk." "We have people working on it. Choreographers in Hollywood, and others of those ilk. Folks who worked in the opera." "But why Eminem?" "We don't know. We still have the option of a tactical, nucle--" "I told you already, I'm not going to go down in history as the president who caused interstellar war. We give in to their demands, Eminem will dance the history of the Earth, and they'll begin trade with us." "Sir, I strongly reco--" "Just have your people keep an eye on it. I'm going to give Eminem a call." *** "Yeah, I got it, just ask my daughter Haley," Eminem said to the person who was teaching him ballroom dance. "How's his progress?" the president asked. "Better than I would've expected, just watch his turn on the Cambrian Explosion," Rick Leon, Eminem's personal tutor, said. Mozart was playing in the background. "It's beyond graceful. The way he moves...it's just impossible to interpret it as anything but a true representation of Earth's 4.5 billion year history." "So you think he'll be ready?" As the president spoke, Eminem performed two forward steps, swinging his open hands behind him each time. He spun and stepped sideways, raising his arm as though holding the gentle Earth on a string between his fingers. "Never mind." *** Eminem walked to the stage that stood on the National Mall, where the aliens had requested the performance take place. He felt awkward without a microphone in his hand, but he knew it was up to him to save humanity. Critics, artists, and everyday people watched in rapture as he danced the five minuets. Never in the history of the Earth had anyone seen a spectacle that was simultaneously so stunning yet beautiful, so intense yet graceful, so confident yet lacking that egotistical nature of the rapper's life works. Put simply, it was the culmination of the entirety of human culture. By the end of the first minuet, people cried. At the closing of the second, they wept. At the end of the third, they closed their eyes, feeling unworthy of the sight that unfolded before them. The fourth minuet ended, and paramedics were on the scene, resuscitating and performing first aid on those who had lost consciousness due to the sheer magnificence of the act. The fifth started, and came close to an end. Those able to witness it, those who had endured the crazed glory of the dances thus far, were the only people to hear the rapper say, "Look If you had. One shot. Or one opportunity. To seize everything you ever wanted. In one moment. Would you capture it. Or just let it slip?" He then dropped his pants and mooned the alien mothership. A short time passed, and the invasion began. *** EDIT: Thank you for reading! And for the compliments and gold! 