
The secretary didn't even look up when I materialized out of thin air in front of her. Of course, that was no surprise, as I'd coordinated my trip with historical security footage to make sure she was distracted when I made my landing. I also made sure that no one else was around, naturally. Luckily, my target worked in a building with many security cameras. Now, I just need to get to him. Should be downstairs in one of the labs, according to my records. "Take a number." "I'm actually here to see Don--" "Jones, right. Like I said, take a number." "To... what? I need a number?" "Yup," said the secretary, still not looking up. "Have to pay too. Ten thousand bucks. Early 21st century United States currency please, no Pan-American Bux or Neoflorins accepted. There's an exchange 150 years forward right in this office." "Wait, what?" "What wasn't clear? If you want to see the famous Don Jones like the rest of the time travelers, you'll have to pay. Your get-up's not too out there, so I expect you have some real money, but anything printed after the current year is a no go." "How is this possible?" I was befuddled. "Other people... time travelers... have come to visit this guy? But why? He's a lab tech." This got her to look up at last. "What? Where the hell are you from, guy? Did you make a wrong turn at the end of the Trump dynasty? Look, I don't know much about the future -- I get the impression that it's kind of a rule for you all not to talk about it, you know, no matter when you come from. But what I do know is that Don Jones is fucking famous there, everything from about a century onward. Started around last April. He hasn't been a lab tech in months. He receives visitors full time now." I had to sit down. Fortunately, I'd materialized right in front of an empty chair. "From what I can gather," the secretary continued, "he's like some kind of time travelers' Kardashian. Famous for being famous. Luckily, the boss upstairs is pretty forward thinking, and has a few senator friends, so he's turned it into a nice side business. Top secret stuff. Lucky for me I'm his niece. He has the boys downstairs working on time travel tech too now, from what I hear, but you didn't get that from me." "This can't be... Jones needs to get back in the lab, now. Everything at stake..." "Sir, I'm going to need you to either leave or take a number." "Wait," I said, "you don't understand. I'm with the U.S. military, about eighty years from now. From when time time travel is first invented. I'm here on a mission, I need to save--" "The world, humanity, yadda yadda," sighed the secretary, "you're the fifth one today, at least. Desperation is not a good look, honey." She motioned underneath her desk and a buzzer sounded. "Tell ya what. I need to have you removed in case someone else arrives in the same spot. Very messy. Your number's 2084." *Janie's birth year*, I register vaguely as two burly men appear behind me -- seemingly out of nowhere. "See you in a few months!" the secretary gave a cheerful wave. I was dragged to an elevator, which led down to a hallway, at the end of which was an enormous lobby. It was filled with people, some of whom were dressed like myself -- most of them, however, were wearing exceedingly strange outfits. Many even had odd body modifications, apparently users of some sort of bionic technology that must have been far even in my own future. One of the strangest looking ones approached me. "You must be from pretty soon," he said, "Most of the far future folks know to come right down to this lobby and take a number here." I looked at him, distraught. "I need to see him, now," was all I could say, "Don Jones." "Look," he pushed up a pair of thick glasses, "we all think our research is important. I'm trying to find out how this whole thing started." "What thing?" "Jones's celebrity. He's getting visits for months now. But no one seems to know why, other than the snowball effect. He's known in the future for being the earliest person to be visited by a time traveler, and the historical person visited by the most time travelers total, of course. But no one knows how his fame originated. I have a theory. I think the original time traveler has a specific purpose for visiting Jones other than his fame, but a later time traveler accidentally overshot and visits him too early, which should have caused what we call a timeline distortion in my field. It's still just a theoretical concept, of course -- if an actual distortion had ever occured, the results could be catastrophic. But the timeline seems to be ok. So if my theory is right, the timeline is a bit more malleable than we thought..." I had glazed over a bit during this monologue, trying to think of how I could get to Jones, but his last few sentences gave me a start. "That's me -- I should have been the first one here," I gasped, "I'm supposed to see him *now*! He needs to make an important discovery to-" *pop* Before I could finish the word "today," the man had disappeared before my eyes. I heard a scream from the other side of the room and turned around. *pop pop pop pop pop pop* More people were popping out of existence, at first one by one but then in large groups. Before I knew it, there were only a few of us left. *pop* I looked around at an empty room. *pop* 