
It didn't make any sense. He'd never heard the name before, he was sure of it. Still, there it was, as clear as day: "Robert J. Moon - Deceased 11:39:12 6/10/2019" If not for the last name he would likely pass it off as a fake, but that what his last name. Moon. "We shine brightest in the darkest times," his mother always used to tell him. Reading it sent a chill down his spine. Even not knowing the name, it was an announcement of death. Such an eerie thing. Exasperated by the thought of it, John set his phone aside and went about his day. It wasn't unlike most. He had been out to lunch at the time - a nice turkey sandwich on marble rye from the deli down the street. They always had the best meats. When he finished, he returned to work and mulled through his last few hours. He had spent so much time and energy finishing up his last project that the lull as he waited for another was even more exhausting. All he could think about was getting home to Amy. He hadn't seen as much of her as he'd like while he was putting in all that overtime. When the clock finally struck 4, he rushed to his car. On the way home he picked up a bouquet of tulips - her favorite. They were orange and red and blue, and smelled as if they had yet to even be plucked from the dirt.  She'd love them. "Amy! I'm home, my love!" He shouted as he burst through the front door. But there was no reply. "Amy?" John shut the door and stepped further inside the house. As he neared the stairs he heard a distant sobbing from the bedroom. It always broke his heart when she cried. He rushed upstairs to console her. When he entered the bedroom, flowers in hand, she didn't even look up. Her hands were pressed to her eyes as she wept, dark tears trailing down the sides as the wetness dragged away her mascara. "What's wrong, my love?" He asked gently. She didn't answer. He looked around the room in search of an explanation. On the nightstand next to the bed was a small box, wrapped and tied with a bow and a card. He hadn't seen it before, but he brushed it off as irrelevant. "Amy. Please talk to me. You know it kills me to see you hurting like this." "I'm... I'm sorry, babe," she finally answered. "I just can't talk. I can't." She looked up at him. Her cheeks were stained black with smeared makeup, and her eyes quivered with grief. John dropped the flowers on the bed and lunged in to hug her, and hold her. He didn't know what was wrong, but Amy was one of the strongest women he knew. If she was this upset, it had to be bad. For a moment they just sat together silently. As the moments passed, John noticed the gift on the nightstand again. The envelope stuck to it said John, with a beautifully drawn heart next to it. Amy was so artistic. It had an almost calligraphic style to it. "What is that?" John asked. Amy looked at the gift as he pointed to it and then shuddered. The sobbing began anew. John reached past her and grabbed it. He opened the card as Amy continued to cry into her palms. It read, "Surprise! I'll love you forever, John." He wasn't sure what to think of it just yet, so he moved on to the box. He tore the ice blue paper encasing it. As he lifted the top, his eyes lit up. Inside was a printout from a sonogram - a little peanut of a child pictured growing inside a womb. The top of it read 5/28/19. How had she managed to hold it in so long? Now it was he who was crying. His eyes welled with joyful tears. He took it from the box and stared at it for a moment before noticing Amy had written a note on the back, so he turned it over. It read: "Our Little Robert. We love you, Daddy!" It hit him all at once, and just like that, John's heart shattered into a million pieces. That night, and for every night after, the Moon didn't shine through the darkness. 