
You look out your window and you see a woman. She is walking around the street outside your home hitting cars with a rake. Look again. You look out your window and you see a woman. She is terrified, carrying the only weapon she was able to find before racing out of her home. She beats at her surroundings fruitlessly to stave off an unseen evil. Look again. You look out your window and you see a woman. She is in the throes of a rage. The bank has foreclosed on her car, she has been fired from her job and her husband has been cheating on her. She has no friends and no one to talk to. She needs to vent if she is to remain sane. A rake and some cars strike her as a small price to pay. Look once more. You look out your window and you see a woman. She smoked methamphetamine once, on a dare, the day she graduated high school. Now her skin is all welts and sores. Her teeth waggle in her sloppy gums. She has run out of feeling good. *Perhaps* she thinks *there's some cash in these cars*. She picks up a rake and goes to work. A window is a quantum threshold, a quantum vantage point through which we observe the world - a double slit experiment of domestic proportions. Standing behind your curtains, you hear a ruckus outside. Metal on metal. You wonder what could possibly be going on. You decide to look. In looking you become observer and, in observing, you change that which you observe. Like Schrodinger's cat, the woman outside your window was not defined until you observed her in her madness/desperation/terror/rage. The woman was all these things, all at once, and none of these things. She was only a cloud of probability slamming a rake into cars. But by observing her, the probability field that is the woman collapses in on itself and picks a reality. You think, *but she was out there already, she exists herself, before I witnessed her* Was she? Look again. You look out your window and see a rake floating through the air. It slams itself into nearby cars of its own accord, with no outside influence whatsoever. We believe the world is as it is because we are creatures of habit and children of pattern. We assume, because we have seen reality behave a certain way many times before, that reality *is* a certain way, follows certain rules, by default. We hew to this delusion because the alternative is too frightening, too destabilizing, to consider: that we are, each of us, alone in a vacuum tube, linked together only by shared interpretations of the chance reflections of photons on objects we will never truly see, the faint pressure of atoms from sounds we can never truly hear. It is this amalgam of our cumulative observations which defines our shared reality, as well as each other. In that sense, the woman exists *because* you looked. Her motivations, her entire being, are defined by your seeing her. There is a sound of metal on metal outside your window. You decide *not* to look. There is no woman. What I mean to say, if I mean to say anything, is that, whatever the woman's explanation for why she acts the way she does, in a very real sense she owes you a debt of gratitude, for to be seen is to exist and, without an observer, we are nothing. ***** ***** ## r/LFTM Welp that was a weird thought experiment that never coalesced into anything really :) 