
"Please Eo, please do not let my mother die. I am not ready to say good bye yet" A young girl prayed on her knees beside her mother's hospital bed. Eo was surprised that someone had prayed in his name. Last time someone had prayed in his name must had been more than 17 Centuries ago. He heard a lot has changed in human world since then but never bothered to take a look himself. To be honest, he was a little upset at people for forgetting him. But who was this little girl praying in his name? He took a human form and entered the patient room. The room was silent other than weak beeping sound from the machine. He knew she did not have a lot of time left here. "I am sorry about your mother. What happened?" He asked. "Doctors told me she had a heart attack..." She said while holding back her tears. "I see... I don't mean to bother you, but I accidentally overheard your pray from hallway. You were praying to Eo right? How do you know that name?" "My grandpa told me about him. He told me that we are one of the last remainder of the great God Eo. Not a lot of us are left but grandpa always told me to keep my faith in Eo and one day, my pray will be answered" She took out a small necklace and showed it to him. He took the necklace by his hand and examined it. "Unbelievable..." Eo saw the golden circle and triangle symbol in the necklace. "I didn't know any of you were still..." "My grandpa gave it to me. Said it was from his grandpa and so on. That's who I was praying to just now. I've never thought I would call his name but... my mom...." She couldn't finish her sentence. Tears started to fall down from her green eyes again. And when she looked up, the man was gone. Along with her necklace. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Eo walked into the cave of death. He knew what he was going to do. There was no hesitation or worry on his face. "I came to negotiate" Eo said solemnly. "I almost didn't recognize your voice. It's been a while Eo. How can I help you?" A cold and creepy voice echoed around the cave. A tall and skinny figure slid across the cave. "My life for a woman's life" "You are out of your damn mind. For a woman? A God's life for a woman? Don't be ridiculous Eo. You are a retired God. Just go enjoy yourself. You don't have to take care of your people anymore" "Actually... I do..." Eo said with a bitter smile. "I will cross the river with you but in return, you will spare the life of a woman I request. Come on now. We don't have much time" "Well... follow me then... I guess..." Death scratched his skull while turning back and started walking slowly. Eo held tight the necklace and followed. 