
She had been sixteen when she first saw him. He had planted a cold kiss on her mother's colorless lips after his work was completed. And tonight she would see him again, as she had once a month for the past two years. She always chose the night of the full moon. It felt more romantic that way, since the moon had been round and full that fateful night. And the silver beams illuminating the room offered a certain ambience. "You're a real artist, Libby. Truly." His familiar voice rasped from behind her. A voice like crackling, burning flames. A smile pulled at her lips as she turned to face him, the knife held in her calm, idle hands. A paintbrush used to create her masterpieces. The crimson paint of her most recent victim still coated the silver blade. "I was starting to worry you would not show," she said, batting her long, pale lashes against her cheeks. "Do you like it?" she asked hopefully, motioning to the motel bed behind her. She watched him peek around her, unflinching as his black eyes took in the flayed man laid spread eagle on the mattress. "Impressive. But then, it is easy for you to lure them in, isn't it? They see a lovely thing like you and abandon all sense," he replied. She frowned and crossed her arms over her chest. "Because I am a woman I have an easier time of it?" she asked, annoyed. "Some of them become suspicious. And you should see the look on their faces when they see the knife," she smiled, hazel eyes sparking at the memory. He smiled his cool, alluring smile. "I'm sure his face was a mask of terror," he said, plucking her weapon from her hand and setting it aside. "Come here." Her body instantly reacted to his command and she found herself in his lithe arms. She knew morning would come too fast, as it always did. But for now she was content to indulge in life's small pleasures. Plus there was always next month to look forward to. She awoke to the sunlight filtering in through the dusty blinds, warming her face. She stirred among the comforter splayed out on the hard, dirty carpet that smelled faintly of mildew and piss. It was worth it, though. She sighed and sat up, hoping he was still there, though she hoped in vain as usual. She sprang to her feet and donned her sweater and jeans, ignoring the body drying out on the mattress. There was still time to take care of that. Biting her lip, she padded across the room to the nightstand and plucked up the note that lay there, her eyes drinking in the familiar scrawling handwriting: "Libby, The nights we share have been a favorite part of my routine for some time now. The warmth I find in your arms has been an unfamiliar solace, one I have come to treasure. Until our next rendezvous, I shall think of your iridescent eyes, alight with the same passion that stirs my own blood. I shall see you again when next the moon reaches its most stunning phase. Yours- G.R. P.S. I left a gift for you outside." Libby smiled and set the note down, her heart jumping in her chest, curious to see what he had left her. She hurried to the window and glanced out. There, hanging from the corner stoplight, was a young woman torn open from throat to naval. Her bloody entrails were hanging free and her ragged skin flapped in the summer breeze. He was such a romantic, the one the police had labeled "The Grim Reaper." He knew the way straight to her heart, and it certainly wasn't flowers. -------------------------------------------- Edit: to add this - r/PhantomFiction, should anyone wish to peek further into me brain. :) 