
Sergeant Karen W. (whose claim to fame was the heavily upvoted video in which she was able to call two managers down at one time) stalked along the row of teen girls, all newly minted with helmets of Karen hair crowned with sunglasses and their uniform of casual LuLaRoe tights, flip flops, and whatever ill-fitting blouse they could scrounge in Old Navy or American Eagle. She shouted, "Who do we want?" "Your manager!" All the girls replied in levels of shrillness. "When do we want them?" "Right now!" Karen stopped at the podium to take a heavy sip of her Starbucks triple, venti, soy, no foam, extra whip, latte with a single pump and *only* a single, not a *double* *are you calling me fat?* shot of pumpkin spice syrup. She held it aloft. "In this drink, I taste the delicious future of Karens across America. I am proud to have been your drill sergeant ladies. Never give up. Always hold out for the Manager! To the class of 2019!" The girls cheered as they dispersed, chattering over the customer service people they will torture and how they will always get what they want. Karen sipped ecstatically on her drink as the drink itself was a symbol of her power since it had taken at least three firings to train that Starbucks to serve it properly. She followed, moving at a saunter, behind the girls as they entered the academy. When she stepped into the foyer (it's foy*er* not foyay because we aren't those awful French), something made her pause, well *actually*, it was someone. Karen L., the one who was probably the least vocal out of the lot, was standing in front of a mirror. She touched the helmet of highlighted and lowlighted hair, staring at it with disbelief instead of the smug satisfaction that it should have caused. "*Dear*?" the Sergeant asked. "*Ma'am*." Karen L. stood straighter and she pulled out her cellphone as a salute, but she put it away sloppily instead of taking a selfie. "Is there something wrong with your haircut?" "No ma'am. I already got the discount when I called for the manager." "Would have been better if you got it free and with a coupon for a manicure, but what's wrong?" Karen L. frowned and it wasn't quite as effective as a resting bitch face. She paused a moment in thought and asked, "Did you ever think there could be more to life than bossing around customer service representatives?" The Sergeant blinked. "*Moron* customer service representatives, girl." Half-heartedly Karen L. corrected herself, "--Moron customer service representatives yeah." She shot herself a sidelong glance in the mirror and touched the helmet of hair self-consciously. "Karen, I will tell you what my Sergeant told me before I graduated to be unleashed upon the world. We are here to ensure the quality of customer service everywhere. We are the trainers of the world when training has failed. We keep the American way strong and free. And we are the last line of defense against anti-Americanism and anti-Capitalism. In the words of our lord and saviour, Harry Gordon Selfridge, *the customer is always right*." Karen L. nodded, but there was no glory gleaming behind her hazel eyes. There was always one in each bunch. One that couldn't cut it and would one day accept a Happy Meal without every single toy in it because Timmy really wanted every single toy and why should she have to pay for it all? There was always that one. 