
" 'God does not play dice with the universe.' Well of course not, the Universe is huge! He simply flips a coin. "Heads, a man is born evil, lacking ethics and honor. Tails, a man is born good, full of righteousness. We go forth with free will, able to choose our own destinies, but underneath it all lies these base traits. The current of our soul pulling us towards ourselves. Many fight it and lose themselves in the process; they resist the call or cannot rise to the occasion. They awake on their death finding their lives to have passed in ritualistic automation. They are the core of our society, the backbone. Our mass produced machines built around interchangeable, uniform parts. So we grind the individuality out. "Everyone is someone who just hasn't made it big. Someone with a great idea. Someone who can change the world. While our births come from coin flips, life is in fact played with dice. Weighted dice, but dice nonetheless. "So I started my revolution. I found the others who hadn't been ground down yet. Who still clung to themselves in a sea of non-conformist conformers. We moved like the tide. Slow and steady. We gained power. We gained followers. Our protests exploded. Our voices grew louder. "And nothing changed. "We had no power and had no way to gain power. We were screaming into the night. A million voices wasted on a billion stars. "I did what I had to and for that I hold no regrets. Our system is changing now. The masses are rising up. The machine is breaking down and the fires are burning. I don't matter anymore, only the blood that I have spilt does. The revolt will continue." The Judge looked down upon me. Curiosity and disgust layered his eyes. I stood before him disheveled, exhausted, and grinning. His chest heaved as the air slowly passed his lips. The silence rung in the room. The Judge closed his eyes. The moment drew on and my heart held steady. "Captain, have you any more to offer in your defense?" His eyes a twisted mirth at our farce. "No, your honor." We knew this trial's fate. "As you wish." He nodded at me and stood "Having heard all accounts and reviewed all evidence," his voice deep, echoing through the hall, "I find the defendant, Captain Lennon of the Lonely Hearts, guilty of 60 counts of assault with a deadly weapon, 19 counts of mur-" "20!" I interjected. "Thank you. 20! Counts of murder, 3 assassinations, conspiracy to commit mass acts of terrorism, heresy against the God King, and high treason. In accordance with the law, the Captain is to be hung at high noon tomorrow in front of the castle. Court is adjourned." His gavel came down and the crowd filed out. I returned to my chair and awaited the return to my cell. I was only to be moved when there was a minimal number of possible casualties. The Judge gathered his papers from his dais and approached the floor. His face was flat. No smile in his eyes or his lips. No frown in his jowls. But there was a gleam in his eyes. And his steps were the grace of a younger man. He stood above me, his stone face staring down at me. His eyes searching. "You never said which side you fell on." "Hm?" I raised my eyebrow in confusion. "Your god's coin. You never said which side you fell on: the path of the righteous or the path of the honorless?" His voice softer, the old man giving counsel. "Do you need to ask your honor? On today of all days?" His face began to crack. The edges of his lips pulled upwards. "Especially today." A new silence filled the room. And I saw the emptiness of my brethren before and the fire in them now. I saw the old, cold world clicking away and its jaunty, haphazard replacement. I heard the silence of the village street and the roar of artillery. I felt the hammer of tedium and the blood of the fallen. My life unfurled in that silence. I looked up and steadied my voice. "Your honor, sometimes when you flip a coin, it lands on its side." His laugh touched every corner of that hall. The last of the crowd glancing over their shoulder as the sound toppled over them. The Judge reached his arm out, his hand extended. I raised both of mine, linked as they were, to shake his hand. "Good luck tomorrow and godspeed." He said as he walked away, my bailiffs coming towards me. I took a deep breath. "Thank you sir. I hope it's fast." "I'm sure it will be." He called as he left the chamber. And my fingers tightened around the key they now held. .........Edit: typos. CC welcome and appreciated........ 