
"It's just a really bad storm," replied The Do-Gooder, adjusting his over-sized utility belt. "A bad storm? With no clouds in the sky? Don't be stupid. I told you, I can sense a strong power entering the city. This being has the ability to manipulate the elements and it is coming here to free me." Animal Boy was looking at both of us, his tail changing to that of a mouse. "I don't know, DG, I think she is telling the truth. Maybe we should just let her go..." DG scoffed and landed a heavy hand on his sidekick's shoulder. "That's what Mysteriosa wants you to do. We release her from those chains and then--" the building shook, dimming the lights before the generators kicked on, "then she escapes to destroy the city once more. No, Animal Boy, she will stay here in this cell forever. We can investigate this ourselves. If we were able to trap Mysteriosa, then this being stands no chance against us!" I was at a loss. Maintain my solitude and allow the city to be destroyed. Or reveal myself, losing everything I'd work so hard to obtain, just so that I could be a hero once more. DG and AB argued amongst themselves as I allowed my mind to travel over the city. It moved in dark shadows, but I could make out the shape of a dark red beating heart moving ever closer. It called to me as it floated over the mountains to the west and I could feel the darkness of it covering the skies. DG tightened the shackles that bound my wrists and ankles. "No, she stays. Come, let us confront this being once and for all!" I glanced about my little cell for the last time. It had been worth it to allow myself to be captured. Seeing everything as I did, being able to manipulate time and energy: it had been as gratifying as it had been exhausting. The fame, the attention, the booming sound of all of their thoughts constantly ringing in my ears. It had been too much. Asking to be left alone had drawn the cameras and flashing lights closer. The reporters had followed me everywhere. Until I became a villain. I set fire to a few cars and exploded a bank vault. Minor incidents with no true victims. I didn't even take any money. It would have been just arson, really, and yet they began to distance themselves. They feared me and left me alone. But then it became an issue of "Mysteriosa sightings" and moronic superheroes trying to bring me down. DG and AB were the ones who happened to show up when I had had enough. I allowed myself to be captured and they promised to hide me away in the deepest, darkest vault. Alone. Pure bliss. But now this. The darkness was enveloping the edges of the western suburbs, the skies black as if it were night. Animal Boy was attempting to call the guards to open the cell, but the phone on the wall wasn't working. DG banged on the cell door, calling out for the guards. The shackles melted away, falling into a pile of dust on the floor. Animal Boy was the first one to notice me dusting away my clothes and he transformed into a mouse, skittering to the other side of the cell. "This cell is 100 floors below ground. They aren't going to hear you." The Do-Gooder jumped back, his hand going for his utility belt. A flick of the wrist and it too melted away. His hands went to his waist to keep his pants up. It would have been comical under other circumstances. The bars opened and we began soaring up the shaft. The elevator was stuck at the top but it moved out of the way as we neared it. Animal Boy changed into a squirrel and hid himself under the cape of DG. "What on Earth? How is this-- we defeated you!" DG was apoplectic, his face red and eyes wide. Poor guy. "Hmm? Oh, yes, that," I opened the doors of the main floor and we flew through the lobby to the front door. "Well, you did, but I allowed you to. I needed the break." His stammering faded away as we considered the darkness overcoming the city. "Listen, I really must run. Thank you for--" I struggled to find the words. "Just...thanks." Another booming sound and I was standing in the heart of the storm, alone. We stood in what remained of the city hall plaza but it was being reduced to rubble. I could feel the being within reach and its laugh filled the air before it settled before me. "Mysteriosa! You've ruined my plans!" I stared at the being as it transformed from a dark cloud into the face that I knew so well. It was like looking into a mirror. "Hello sister." ------------- Edit: Thanks for the comments! Just posted Part 2 below... 