
At some point you know everyone who you have ever known is dead. What do you feel then? Does sadness come? Or maybe it is the emptiness of remembering a good time in your life, a time you know you can never revisit? Maybe they are one and the same. But how can you feel when all that exists is *you*? There is no body. All the world is a falling cloud, the cold beyond you, burrowed deep inside already. You can't move. You can't breathe on your own. Your eyes haven't blinked in years. Life passes in an endless instant. What do you do? This was your choice, wasn't it? Do you have any right to complain? But that question is worthless. All questions are. The mind races into endless mazes, all having dead ends. Stimuli flutter in transparent nothings. You stop thinking of yourself as the time passes. You don't exist anymore. Soon you stop using 'I' and give up the first person. Then it becomes easier. It's easier when it's just *you*, and not *me*. The ice thaws slowly. It freezes again. You hear the drip in the same rhythm it always comes. You wonder if this thing will malfunction. Maybe then you can die. Or you hope someone will come and realize what has happened. You weren't supposed to be awake. You were to be sleeping. Then this is all a bad dream. It isn't of course. You remember when they froze you. You played the love theme from Star Wars in your head, didn't you? The room was black with white lights, sharp lights illuminating all the men and glorious science that was going on. The cold kissed you with long foggy fingers. You shivered. You were invincible then, having nothing to lose. No family to say goodbye to. "You're doing the world a favor," they said. "I know," you said. Weren't you Han Solo then? Weren't you the talk of the town? Then the lights went red and you prepared for sleep. But that never came. You could not move. Your brain remained warm. And the world passed you by. Everyday there were reporters coming, and photographers eager for your picture. Then they dwindled and came less and less. One day no one was there. The room was empty and in complete silence. You wondered what happened. Had they forgotten you? Then decades pass. They had to have passed. It feels as long, doesn't it? But you can never be really sure. You have no feeling at all. You are like the wind, trapped in some vaccuum, howling for some silent release. *They are dead,* you think. And you think back to the day they froze you. You had no one then. No one to lose. And yet now you feel so alone. Why do you feel so alone? Is it because you truly know what being alone is like now? Or is it that you had underestimated how much you needed people in your life? Don't you remember your friends begging you to not go through with it? Can't you see their faces in your mind's eye? You laughed them off. You were Mr. Science. You were going to live to see the twenty sixth century. You would be a hero, a national treasure. Your name would live forever in all the books lesser men would write. *Maybe that will still happen,* you think. But now you're awake and you cannot fathom how long five hundred years is. You think maybe eighty years has passed, a hundred if you are lucky. But isn't there that voice still inside your head? That voice that says only a year or two has gone by. They've already forgotten you, and it's only been twenty four months. You still have an eternity to go. *That can't be,* you think. But your world is a waterfall of cloud. The intermittant sigh of some machinery travels to you vaguely. You wonder if you could keep time with it, but your mind is too tired. You can hardly focus. You are scared and can't even feel your heart race. *Locked in syndrome they call it.* But who has ever been locked in for five hundred years? *I will see the future*. When is the future? And who is 'I'? This is you we are talking about. Poor, unfortunate *you*. The present is racing by, leaving you stagnant in this forever cage. You are going mad, you know. You won't make it to the twenty sixth century. You won't live to see it. When they defrost you, if they remember, they'll find a mad creature, a zombie whose brain has melted. "What a disappointment," they might say. Or maybe by then they would have had perfected this cryogenic stuff, and would have had others. "This was a failure," they'd say then. "An unfortunate waste that happened in the ignorant past." And what will you be then? You'll be nothing but a failed experiment. A test tube that had cracked, shattered through the unfortunate centuries, its shards merely dust upon the new forward looking future. Isn't it sad? You see the clouds fall with some tranquil grace. You hear the machines sigh. *This is worse than hell,* you think. But there is a silver lining. At least this isn't happening to *me*. You feel sorry for the poor fool. And you hope that God saves his soul. - *Hi there! If you liked this story, you might want to check out my subreddit r/PanMan. It has all my WP stories, including a few un-prompted ones. I hope you like it and thanks for the support!* 