
I wouldn't imagine there is a single person on the planet who understands the anticipation of someone who's lived underground for 19 years. Even the simplest things like the look of sunlight or the feeling of a breeze, these existed in me only as the faintest of memories. But all of that was about to change today. Well, maybe. Hopefully. If the world hadn't been blasted into an endless desert wasteland. Ever since my parents left for the surface and never returned, this is of course what I've most feared. I stood there at the top of the staircase, in front of that thick metal door, dressed in full fallout gear. A strange hesitation had fallen over me. Could I really go through with this? I'd fantasized about this day so many times, but I never expected this much anxiety. 'My world is about to change forever, and there's only one way to find out.' I reached for the handle, a round metal wheel much like the type one might see on a bank vault. For years this wheel stared at me coldly like a stoic gatekeeper standing between me and my freedom, but today it was finally going to let me pass. I slowly twisted it round, as if to savor every moment of this new and unfamiliar feeling. I cracked the door open, and a light brighter than any I could remember shone in from the outside. I shielded my eyes and stepped forward into the uncertain mystery. I was able to hear before I was able to see. In front of me I heard a series of shouts, "Mona Lisa! Leonardo Da Vinci!" I was confused. As my eyes adjusted, I saw that I was standing in a room of some sort. It was brightly lit from the daylight spilling in from windows on all sides. In front of me were 6 people in pastel-colored clothing. A man was standing in front of a board of some sort, a man who looked somewhat familiar. The other people were sitting in a circle around him, looking up at him and away from me. Almost exactly at the moment that I saw this scene, the standing man saw me. He dropped the marker that he held in his hand and stared in shock. The others, seeing his expression, turned around and all stared at me. Alongside my eyesight adjusting, little pieces of information started to click with me, one at a time. 'Oh my god there are people alive up here!' 'This room looks familiar, I think it's my living room.' 'Ok that is definitely my dad, and that's my mom!' 'Wait, what the hell is going on here?' The man who was standing at the board, whom I now recognized as my dad (but clean-shaven), was the first to speak. "Oh my lord, it is the 22nd of February isn't it?" He looked over to the woman sitting to his left, whom I now saw was my mom. "Martha, it's her birthday!" "Oh Carl, this is splendid!" She replied, and ran over to embrace me, followed closely by my father. I stood there, speechless, happy to be above ground but still very confused. "Come along," my dad said as he pulled me and the rest of the group into another room. "Let's have some cocktails to celebrate!" At this point, it was dawning on me that no one else was wearing a radiation suit. "Mom, are we safe up here?" I gingerly and quietly asked her. "Why of course we are, dear, it's perfectly safe. You have no need of all that nonsense." She began to pull off my helmet, and at first I instinctively backed away in fear before allowing her to remove it. Yes, the air up here smelled fresh and felt great, a thousand times better than that stale air in the bunker. And yet, things still didn't add up. Have my parents been up here, only feet away from the bunker, this whole time? As my dad passed me a glass of some unknown fizzy drink with a green umbrella sticking out of it, I finally built up the nerve to ask, "You guys, I don't understand what is going on? I thought a nuclear bomb destroyed everything, but everything looks fine. You guys look fine. I've been down there for over a decade." My mom walked over and put her arm around me. "Darling, I totally understand. Let me explain." She sat me down at the dining room table nearby, and the others gathered around. "Well, you already know that Carl and I got married very young. I was only 17, not even out of high school. We had our whole lives ahead of us, and the fact is that neither of us were really ready to be parents." "I mean, neither of us had even been to Cancun!" my dad added. "But at the same time, dear," mom continued, "neither of us would dare terminate a pregnancy or put you up for adoption. We would never do something so cruel, those choices were just out of the question. Well, we finally decided that the best course of action was to put a little fun and adventure into your childhood and pretend that the world had been destroyed in a nuclear war. As long as we kept sending food down there and keeping your air relatively clean, you would grow up safe and we could live out our lives up here until a time when we were ready to be parents." "Which we decided" my dad chimed in, "would be on your 25th birthday." I shook my head. "Wait. Wait wait wait. So civilization was never decimated in a nuclear holocaust?" My mom shook her head, a big smile on her freshly powdered face. "No honey, isn't that great?" 