
"My liege! What exactly do you think you're doing!" cried out Lizelbug, the evil's demonic advisor. Well, "advisor" was more of a title than an actual role. You gotta keep the staff happy. He kneeled before the unholy throne of his master, his beaked face distorted with confusion and anger. "The prophecy clearly states that a boy living over a hill of red who rests in a-" "I am fully aware of the prophecy, you fool." boomed the Darkness's deep, threatening voice. Lizelbug hesitated for a second before continuing. The evil rolled its eyes as it watched Lizelbug's anger make his speech more and more rough to understand. "B-but sir! We should be slaughtering the lot not g-g-g-giving them TAX BREAKS" he screamed. The evil sighed. "Lizelbug, are you aware of the stories of man and their countless fairy tales? " "N-no, but what does it have to do with this?" "Well," the overlord continued "for instance, we have the story of Snow White. Her stepmother, envious of her beauty, wanted to have her killed. She sends an incompetent Huntsman to do the job who had Snow White go free. The stepmother, later learning this took matters into her own hands and had the girl poisoned. But she still did not die. A rooming prince came by to save her with a kiss." It noticed that Lizelbug's eyebrow rose. "I do not quite grasp it either. It is an ancient tale. But the story ended with the stepmother's failure and Snow White's victory." "But that is just fantasy, milord. Your power is infinite! You could easily kill him now in his youth!" "No, my dear advisor. You still do not understand. Do you know how I've survived this long? Are you aware of how my long rule has remained uninterrupted?" "H-how milord?" The indescribable evil leaned forward in its throne. "By not messing with the heroes that come to foil my plans. If I did try to kill the boy, I know I will not succeed. The prophecy will not let that occur. What I have learned from humanity is that heroes only grow in power due to conflict. Due to someone pressing their buttons and motivating them to act. However. If you remove the conflict. Remove the pain. Then the hero has no reason to grow." It noticed Lizelbug's eyes slowly dawning a realization. To drive the final point, it continued. "Something that ancient evils usually do is overreact to these prophecies by trying to bring an unnecessary conflict to those who need it to thrive. I, however, am not a reactionary fool. I will protect the boy. Give him bliss. I will give him everything he ever wanted. I will protect him from all conflict till the moment he faces me in this very throne room. That is when I will step down and give him my throne without a fight. He will sit upon this throne and become the lord of all, ending my rule. That is what the prophecy states correct?" Lizelbug's beaked head nods and the evil continues. "Only then will I kill the boy and take back the throne. He will have been pampered by me all his life, so there's no need to worry about him putting up a fight, yes? Afterall, what is a hero without his hero's journey?" Lizelbug's eyes widened as his head started nodding with incredible speed. If the evil was capable of laughing, it would have laughed at the sight. "YES YES YES MILORD." Lizelbug then bowed. "Of course! I should've seen that sooner! Please, forgive me for my foolishness!" "You are forgiven. Now please, leave me to silence," it said with a wave of its hand. Lizelbug nodded and scampered out of the room. When he left, the great evil sighed. With as long as it has lived, it had learned that patience and understanding were important to holding domain over such impudent fools. Being overbearing and angry never solved any problem. This wasn't the first prophecy that threatened to destroy it and it surely won't be the last. But no prophecy had a loophole that it couldn't exploit for its own means. The grand evil may be an agent of chaos, whose sole desire is to destroy. That, however, that did not mean it was a fool. 