
I thought the monotony would be what would break me. It took me a few weeks to catch on, but then the calendar never seemed to flip past June and the automated task that did my entire job for me kept being deleted each Monday when I walked into the office and I would sit down and rewrite it and grind out another week. Janice said "Happy June, Bob," and I smiled at her and said good morning and then I spilled some coffee as I walked to my desk. I swear, I thought the monotony would be what would break me. Soon though, I was like a well-oiled machine. The bad moments during the week stopped affecting me because, you know what? They would never come to anything. That client I lost? It never actually impacts the quarterly report so it'll never show up. My boss yells at me and I brainlessly sit through it, nod my head and mutter an apology and then I'm back at my desk and life goes on. And then Sunday happens and it all starts again. I'm good at this. I'm not very good at anything else. But I am very, very good at this week. A few loops ago I decided to do everything I could to cause variation. I spilled the cup of water when I was brushing my teeth. I opened Solitaire instead of Minesweeper when I got to work. I ripped through that yellow light that's just about to turn red and I take the parking spot closest to the door when I get to the office. And slowly but steadily, it seemed like at least my actions could be unique. I could order a frappuccino at Starbucks on Wednesday morning. They would still give me a fresh brewed coffee because it was over nine-hundred weeks running, but I could at least order a frappuccino. "Are you having fun?" I almost fell out of my chair when I heard the question. I knocked my mug and the coffee stain spread over my papers. I quickly alt-tabbed to try to flip out of the game I was playing but my monitor seemed stuck. "Just... Just a break, boss," I stammer but he looks right through me, his smile a bit too wide and his eyes unblinking. "Break," he repeats. I frown. Is he broken? Is this loop broken? It's been what? Nine hundred fifty loops? Something around there. My memory doesn't reset each week but it sure has gotten dull remembering the same things week after week. "Break," he says again. His eyes are glazed over and I wave my hand and he doesn't even blink. I glance around. The rest of the office is staring at me with those unblinking eyes and that wide, terrifying smile. Even Margaret who never smiles is smiling but I really think I would rather she didn't smile. That's when I know something is broken. The loop is wrong. "Break," they all say in unison and I break out of my seat and push my way towards the door. I push past Todd as he slowly paces back to his desk, his mug full to the brim, and his coffee sloshes over the edge and Janice stares at me and just repeats the same thing, time after time... "Break." I glance down at my phone. Two unread messages. I open them, an hour earlier than I normally do. "Break out of it," she had messaged and I stop in my tracks. "Break," I mumble and I read the other message. "I love you," she had messaged that morning after I left for work, just like every other morning. Only this morning I hadn't responded. Another attempt at variation. "Break," I repeat and I look down at her first message and I smile. I smile because it makes me happy to see that daily message. I smile because that repetition was comforting and far easier than the alternative; the wild unpredictability of variation. I used to think the monotony would break me. "Break," I say as I smile as wide as I can and I pace back to my desk. I close Solitaire and I open Minesweeper. "Break," I repeat and my boss nods and paces away from my desk. I thought the monotony would break me but it's comforting. I hope this time loop doesn't break. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 