
The man opened his eyes groggily. He was facing a ceiling, painted with a vivid depiction of the night sky and fan with a smiley face on it turning lazily. As he goes to move he feels his restraints. He looks down to find himself roped to a rather small chair. As he gathers more of his surroundings he feels the familiarity of the space dawn on him. The same crayon marks on the wall, the same pictures of princesses dancing across the walls and the familiar spread of toys on a colorful rug. This recognition turns into memory. He knows this floor, this bed, this closet. The small house on the hill just far enough out of the way of the neighbors, the home of little Katie Dawkins, 8 years old. Her room faced away from any other vantage point except the thick woods that extended from the back of her home. Her parents lived on the other end of the house, and liked to leave her with a sitter every Friday evening. Father was a smoker, the sick bastard. Mother was a wonderful woman, deserving of a better man.The sitter was from the local high school, Jessica Thompson, 17 years old, a touch too much acne, but she'd grow into herself in a few years. She liked to put little Katie to bed early every fourth week after her midterms finished. And little Katie just loved to feel the breeze as she went to sleep. Then Jessica would leave and walk around the house blabbing nonstop about how Evan was the absolute worst or how he was the greatest man to walk the face of the earth. And her best friend, Katrina, would readily agree with her constantly changing opinions. He had watched this home from the trees for weeks, analyzing the patterns of movement, calculating the perfect moment to strike. And strike he did. His moment came one night when something happened to her father and she had to leave poor Katie all alone. The call from emergency room sounded sooooo genuine, he had spent time creating a perfect recording to send to her phone. Katie's parents, of course, totally understood and poor Jessica forgot close little Katie's window as she lay there fast asleep. He dreamed about Katie's screams for weeks after, an absolute ecstasy filled him now even thinking about it. The fear in her eyes was invigorating and the sound of her flesh cutting, chopping, crushing was beyond even the physical happiness, it was almost spiritual. He felt his own excitement just remembering her. But, that begs the question, why was he here now? How did he get back to this paradise of a space? Who brought him back here? Why was he tied up? He begins to struggle against his bonds, when the closet door cracks open. The same closet that he himself had waited in to pounce on his unsuspecting prey. As it opened out steeped a vile beast indescribable to him now. Its form seemed to change with every passing moment becoming more and more terrifying as it grew closer to him. It outstretched what was once a claw but was now a grizzled hand that reeked of cigarette smoke. He recoiled at the hand, bringing back faint memories of the past. The beast then spoke, "There is a misconception about monsters in your world. We do not hide in the closet scare you, we hide to get away from the monsters like you. We also protect the children whose rooms give us refuge. Every few moons we rest to regain our strength. In my absence, I found the child under my protection gone." The rage steadily built in the hellish creature's voice. "I went to search for her but found only her remains. She was slaughtered like animal. Half devoured, her eyes frozen in sheer terror. Normally, we are not to interfere in your world past a certain point. But, in special cases like this we can employ a very special ability." As it spoke the amorphous creature began to solidify from the arm up, moving to the shoulder where a tattoo took form and the sleeve of a sweat-stained undershirt. A torn pair of cargo pants took shape and the other arm took form holding a rusted army knife. "By touching you, we can access your mind," The man begins screaming under the hand of the beast, eyes wide. "and become your greatest fear," growls the beast. The man shakes the chair in a desperate attempt to escape. The beast smiles as his transformation completes. The man recognizes the scar under the left eye and silver hair atop the head. The stench of tobacco fills his nostrils, an odor he hoped to never smell again. The man struggles even more, every part of his body revolting against the grip of the beast. The beast looks down at this poor excuse of a man and recognizes the terror. It was the same fear frozen into Katie's eyes when he found her. The beast raises the rusted knife and guts the man like the pig he is. He takes no pleasure in the act; cutting him up the same way he cut up his defenseless Katie. He does, however, take pleasure in the retribution. 