
Khaleri'huik knows very well when a bet will prove profitable. It's always been a talent of his, the reason he thrived upon entering the underworld. Usually, his job involves illegal fight rings, males and females starved and pitted against each other, fighting veak and pincer to come out on top. To come out alive. In all his years as a professional, Khal has never been wrong in predicting who would win those fights. But now comes the hightlight of his year. The annual intergalactic battle royale, where unsuspecting species are plucked from their planets and duel in pairs until the best species prevails. It's a difficult competition for a coveted reward: the Wise One will favour the winner's planet until the next competition. Khal descends a flight of stairs to the cells of the competitors. His contacts grant him access each year, so he may gauge the odds. Most species are cowering in their cells. These are the ones who will be picked off first, Khal knows. The weak links, the ones who will be judged unfit and will not survive the arena. Some others are sitting, patiently awaiting the battle. Most of these are just plain brave, which is noble but doesn't constitute a winner. A couple others, namely the Gurgan and the Fritel, are species resistant to the mind wipe. That is, they come from civilisations who have known about ths competition from the very start and have prepared each generation since to win. To wipe the floor with the rest of the galaxy and win the Wise One's favour. It's always one of these two species who wins, their advantage unbeatable by their dumbfounded opponents. Khal always bets on one of them. This year, he decides against the Gurgan. There is scarring on its hide which speaks to greater debilitating injuries - Khal shudders to even think of something terrible enough to pierce a Gurgan hide. Nevertheless, their kind relies on their outer armour to protect the fragile guts. If the hide is pierced, those guts will be permanently damaged and give the victim much grief, provided the Gurgan survives. So, the Fritel it is this year. Khal turns to leave. He has seen enough. The guard's voice stops him. 'Don't you wanna take a look at the human, too? We got a real mean one this year'. Intrigued, Khal turns around. Humans are known to be the biggest weaklings in the Milky Way. They've always been the species that scares the most easily, water flowing on their faces as soon as they see half a pincer. 'Take me there,' he requests. The guard leads him down a corridor and to the left, to solitary. 'Right in here, Big K. We had to separate it because it was trying to whip the weak ones into a resistance. Plus, it was making a huge ruckus all the time and getting on our nerves'. Khal doesn't speak. Rather, he peers into the cube of one-way mirrors. The human is tall, bulky, and dressed in black. It carries a polished black tube and... is that a machete? It's banging the huge knife into the walls, shouting something. The soundproof cell contains it. Humans have been, historically, one of the worst bets in the competition. They were an easy way to lose a lot of money. However, Khal's intuition never steers him wrong, and there's something about this human. Something that simply screams 'winner'. Khal thanks the guard and leaves. The next day he places his bet. He doesn't bet on the Fritel. -- By the time the day of the competition arrives, Khal is stressed. He has staked a lot on his intuition by now, and there are people who will have his beak if he's wrong. The first few rounds are weak species, probably killing each other by accident. The human is one of the last ones to be let into the arena. It duels some of the previous winners and prevails. Then, the Gurgan is unleashed unto it. The human takes stock of the enormous Gurgan as it attacks. A sideways step and a clever stab of the machete right through the soft scar tissue, and the round is over. It's not long before the human and the Fritel are facing off as finalists. The human looks its opponent head-to-claw and, with its voice picked up and translated and amplified by a hundrend devices around the arena, asks: 'Do I really have to kill Mufasa? Again?'. The audience stays still. No one understands the meaning of the question. It would have gone unanswered anyway. The Fritel growls, and charges. The fight is longer by far than the one with the Gurgan, and more brutal. Khal has already started mourning his beautiful beak when the human, pinned underneath the Fritel and with no hope of survival, suddenly unleashes fire upon the species. The Fritel howls and falls backward, revealing to the audience a belly full of holes leaking purple blood. It thrashes a few times and stills. The human stands, wiping its grotesque crimson blood from its face. It turns to the main box where the Wise One watches and bellows, 'You happy, you ugly motherfucker? Can I leave now?' Khal listens absently to the Wise One grant her favout to Earth, commend the human and order for him to be mind-wiped and sent back. He doesn't really care. He only cares that he's much, much richer than he was five minutes ago and that his beak will remain attached to the rest of him for the foreseeable future. Ah, yes. Khaleri'huik does indeed know when a bet will prove profitable. 