
"Those humans must be up to no good again," said the dwarven man beside me as he fiddled with the matted locks of his poorly-kept beard. "What in heavens name do they need so much metal for?" It was true that in recent weeks there were more humans about than normal, seemingly prancing around the city and my workshop without a care in the world, but I was hardly one to deny further business. They were always notoriously big spenders, buying more iron and copper and other oddities than any one person could conceivably ever need. But for all their blood and sweat, their toils never amounted to anything. There were days I would sell steel to a man one day, only to see him sheepishly walk back in the next, requesting a weapon. It was almost like it was an innate human trait to attempt things that they were incapable of, like a whelp trying to learn tricks from its master. But even though I took such amusement in their mediocrity, I couldn't help but admire their tenacity all the same. It took a special kind of person to keep trying after so many failures, and the humans tried until they could no more. "Let them be," I said, caring not to entertain his grievances, "business is business, is it not?" "You won't be saying that if they learn how to make swords like you," he said, as his laugh echoed throughout the room, "not like there's any chance of that anyway." "Even if they do," I said, as my eyes slowly drifted to the row of weapons lined up upon the walls, "we just have to stay one step ahead of them, like we always do." "Bah!" He said, in a voice so loud it made my other customers flinch, "can you even get any better than this, Knurl? Your work is the finest around." "There may come a time where swords are no longer needed," I said, "and if-" "What are you, an elf?" He let out yet another round of a laughter, "Stop worrying about the future." "Alright, I get it, move along now," I said, as I waved my hand, "you're going to cause a holdup if you stay here any longer." "Fine," he said, "I know when I'm not wanted." As he moved away from the counter, I watched as a hooded man behind him approached. And as he moved his hands to pull away at it, I expected to see the knife-like ears of an elf, but was strangely surprised to see a human. He was a plain looking fellow, with a crooked nose and ragged hair, he moved with a strange gait, no doubt owing to his lanky frame. And upon his appearance alone, I thought for a moment that he was a criminal of sorts. He drew a large leather bag from his side as he came to the counter, and spoke in a low voice unfitting of his stature. "Do you buy keybinds, by any chance?" he said, as he pointed towards the leather sack by his side. "It's hard to get to the west as of late, considering the weather." I couldn't help but let out a short sigh, "I don't exactly work with magic, you know. And you'd be hard pressed to find a dwarf that does." "I can sell them to you for cheap," he said, "I need to money, and I can't spend time waiting for an elf to come 'round." "Them?" I said, as his words gave me pause, "how many keybinds do you have, boy?" "Keep it down," he said, as he raised a single finger to his cracked lips, "I don't need everyone and their dogs knowing I've got these." "Nobody is going to risk going to jail for a few keybinds," I said, "how many you got?" He leaned in closer to me, close enough that I could tell that he had eaten cheese recently. And as his voice dropped to a whisper so quiet I couldn't believe his words as I heard them. "Thirty." "What?" I said, shocked by his words. "You're kidding, right? Are you trying to sell me some useless trinkets disguised as keybinds? Nobody has that many." And as I spoke, I felt a gnawing unease nag at me, "Unless you stole them." "I didn't," he said, as he threw up his hands, "they all have the same signature. I can prove it. We- I mean, I made them all." "Humans making keybinds is far-fetched enough, but you want me to believe you made thirty of them?" At my words, he threw the leather bag onto the counter, and as it landed upon it with a thunderous rattle, I saw several contraptions roll out of its confines. And as I gazed upon those small metallic cylinders - pulsing with an unearthly blue glow - I knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that they were he claimed them to be. Even though in that moment I couldn't know for sure that they were all of the same make, I had a gut feeling that they were indeed so. I stood up from where I sat, but ended up shorter than the counter just before me. "We're closing down for the day! Everyone get out!" I pointed to the man just before me. "Except you." * * * ###[Continued here -> Part 1 & 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/khaarus/comments/bpt65c/2000_wp_keyline_part_1/?) /r/khaarus 