
"Please! Someone help me!" Yelled the woman as I swooped her into the sky. "Why?!" She screamed at me, panic hinting in her voice. "What have I done?" I stared at her, my mask a deadpan expression, as we ascended higher and higher into the air. "Please!" She yelled. "How could you be so heartless!" The words stung like a knife. If only she could know. If only I could tell her. I wished to just tell them, tell them that I didn't *want* to do this. But no, I couldn't. He commanded me, and so I did. Without him, I was nothing. "You must pay for crimes of your gender." I said, expressionless. It hurt me even to say those words, though I had already said it a dozen times. But I had to. Every time, it was what I had to say. He demanded it. His plan worked, of course. It always did. I would lurk in the dark, staying hidden, until I could find an extremely attractive woman, and then I would kidnap her. I would carry her away into the sky, ignoring her cries of panic and despair, and bring her back to my lair. His lair. He would be there, of course, to put on a show of an intense battle, eventually defeating me and saving the lady. He would then fly away the woman, who always felt indebted to him. He would then offer to take them out for a night to remember, using that blasted smile of his, as a way for him to "make it up to her" for her traumatic experience. And it always worked. Every time. He tricked them, and they always fell for it. I waited for her response, her harsh accusation, or her fearful cry. Nothing came. Instead, she looked at me. Her eyes seemed to *soften.* "Who hurt you?" She asked, her voice barely audible over the deafening roar of the wind. I faltered, taken back for a moment. No women had ever asked me that. Each one had cried, pleaded, and yelled. A few had tried to talk to me, but only in an attempt to escape. This was different. No one had ever *cared.* I looked at her, her face a mixture of fear and worry. But there was something else there. Even in the face of certain danger, there was a hint of something else... It was almost as if...she cared. She cared about the man who had just kidnapped her, the man who had shown no regard for her life. *Who was she?* I wondered, suddenly uncertain. I looked at the tall, dark, looming building that was approaching in the distance. I looked at her. I stopped flying, immediately heading the other direction. I would not let him have her. No matter the cost. *** Enjoy the writing and would like to follow along and see more stories? Consider subscribing to [r/ConlehWrites](https://www.reddit.com/r/ConlehWrites/)! Will write a part two below and on my subreddit! (I love this prompt, my plan is to revise this response a little bit to make it more detailed, post it on my subreddit and maybe write a three part series today to this). Here is part two! [Part Two!](https://redd.it/6oyov9) 