
Krissa stirred the boiling pasta so it wouldn't stick, a whirlpool of silky string. "I'm just saying, honey. This guy, the second in command at work- he makes my life so difficult. Sensei just hides behind that meathead, who's honestly a *terrible* fighter, yet somehow I can't get past him." Samuel gritted his teeth, sweating the aromatics. Sweet onion and pungent garlic wafted over him. "Well, it sounds like he's pretty good at his job if you can't get past him. Or maybe you still have a long way to go, and you're not ready to challenge him yet. If you can't beat one of his assistants, you'll definitely lose to the guy in charge." "He does a good job in the way that a wall does a good job. There's no talent to a wall. Why pay that dumb, *fat* asshole when you could just hide inside a brick box and never worry about sparring anyone else? Honestly, it's a dojo. Fighters should have skill and grace, not be lumbering brutes. He's like a rectangle on legs." She dangled a noodle in the air, then flung it haphazardly. It stuck. Samuel winced, eyeing the starchy blob on the fridge door. "Why do you have to do it that way?" "If it works, it works." She drained the pasta, a mushroom cloud of steam rising out of the sink and fogging her glasses. "Anyway, how was your day?" He smashed at the canned San Marzano tomatoes simmering with the aromatics, popping one and earning a twitch from his beloved. "Equally frustrating. That persistent new bitch is at it again, and I swear to God, all she does is get in my face. She thinks she's *so* slick, trying to get past me and bother the CEO with... Questions, and pitches. Every single one is just awful, and I always stop her before she gets anywhere. Like, I'm the secretary, how are you going to just waltz past me unnoticed with the grace of a drunk monkey? Honestly." Krissa threw another noodle at the wall, splatting. Samuel scrunched his face up, squelching the tomatoes as loudly as he could, smirking as her jaw clenched. You see, the only thing Sam and Kris did *not* know is that the other *also* knew. But orders are orders, and intel is intel. Well, when they could get past insults and into conversation worth a damn. That didn't happen very often. ------ (You could say they have a *strained* relationship.) */r/resonatingfury* 