
"You know the rules, Jeff. You're a genie, for God's sake. Who do you think you are, Robin Bloody Williams?" "I am under no such illusions, sir. Sorry, but is it really necessary to use so much profanity?" In all of his 557 years, Brian was certain he had never encountered such a pussy. "Jeff, I'm going to need you to focus on the issue at hand. You have consistently assured us for almost a year now - that the trick is coming with this kid. But all I'm seeing is a... blooming... treat. The kid is having a whale of a time." Jeff fidgeted slightly in his seat and averted his gaze from the Big Kahuna. "Well, the thing is, you see... I mean, the child had cancer. Terminal cancer at 7 years old. I didn't really feel like things could get much more... um, trickier, for him." "Would it kill you to string a sentence together without a non-sequitur, man? This shit doesn't fly with the Council, you know this. A kid with cancer is tragic, no doubt - but so is a Genie who won't do his bloody job. Now, take a breath, use that limited brain capacity, and explain yourself!" Jeff nodded solemnly, and met the older Genie's gaze squarely. "Sir, how old are you?" "I hardly see how that is relevant." "Please sir, I'm trying to explain myself." "Alright, I'll humour you. I'm 557 years old." "Exactly! You have a wealth of experience, and even you cannot recognise the twist in the tale. That's why it's such a doozey! A real hum-dinger." "You really are an idiot, Jeff. Go on then, what's this amazing twist?" "You'll just kick yourself when I tell you sir, you really will. It's elegant in its simplicity. Next week, young Rupert turns 8 years old. His favourite celebrity is the Rock. Well, Mr. Johnson has finally been convinced to join the ranks of the Make a Wish Foundation. I predicted that, if I do say so myself. Guess who has been cancer free for almost a whole year, and misses out on meeting their idol. Boom! Get tricked, son!" The 5 members of the Council were rendered utterly speechless. Leeroy's jaw quite literally dropped. "You cannot be serious. You have to be joking. Please tell me you're joking. There is no way you are attempting to convince us that you are in the know enough to predict the movements of the Rock. Actor, Wrestler, Comedian - the man is a Goddamn triple threat. He's a tour de force! But putting that aside for a second the kid wa- he does his own stunts! Name another Hollywood leading man who honestly can say that. Jeff, I can't even look at you right now." "I agree, sir. Imagine then, if you had an opportunity to meet the man himself, and it was cruelly snatched away from you." "Look, it's no secret that Genies fucking love the Rock, but there is no way we are going to agree that this was acceptable behaviour. Pack up your things, Jeff, you're done. I've had enough of your bullshit." "I understand, sir. If you'll excuse me, I want to head to the hospital one last time. Jeff and the Rock are supposed to be there in an hour." "Get out of our sight, Jeff." "Wait a minute, Kahuna. You said Jeff? Who are you referring to? Not Jeff Goldblum?" "The one and only." "Fuck off!" "The Blumanator? There's no way..." "Brian, think about this for a second. The kid lives to 300 and he doesn't miss a better opportunity. I never thought I'd say this, but Jeff has bloody done it. He's bamboozled that poor kid. I doubted him for a second, but the man is a stone cold killer." Jeff smiled to himself. What luck that none of the Council knew that he likes to refer to himself in the third person. Whoever this Jeff Goldblum bloke was, he was going to buy him a beer... 