
Space travel is easy, so long as you ignore all the difficult bits. Captain Phyllis Drake tried very hard to ignore them, as her small-ish spaceship surfed through the vacuum using methods that nobody really understood. It had been fifty years since a beaten and battered pod had been discovered in the deserts of Sudan, prompting Humanity's sudden acceleration to a technologically advanced species. Sudden, *premature* acceleration. Apparently, mankind had not originated on Earth. This alone was enough to send fractures running down the structure of society. The Biologists has spent several decades running around in metaphorical circles, before deciding that whatever had first landed on Earth must have *de-evolved* into apes before becoming Humans. This was the only way for the fossil records to make any kind of sense, and for many Anthropologists to keep their jobs. The engine powering the *U.S.S. Valeyard* was a crummy imitation of the one found buried under forty feet of rock and sand, which had made the act of imitation rather difficult. It ran on principles that Physicists shrugged their shoulders at, their only definite knowledge being that it took antimatter to run. Twenty years of mass production at the Large Hadron Collider had sorted that out, at least for the duration. And now Mankind had sent their best and brightest out into the Galaxy rather more quickly than anyone had expected. Captain Drake had no bar to judge whether the mission was shaping up to be a success, if only because she didn't know what they were supposed to be doing. Her official briefing had been to follow the ancient guidance system, painstakingly recovered and extracted, and to log what was found. Aside from that, Mission Control had basically told her to make it up as she went along. This is where she had first come out of her depth. "*I trust you're comfortable, Captain*," said a gurgling voice next to her. Plag, as he seemed to be known, was some sort of fish-like Humanoid. Human-adjacent. Something like that. He had encountered them on their first stop, at planet G-134-21. He had his own spaceship and had practically crashed into them when they had come out of 'Warp'. There was no ceremony to the first contact, if only because Plag had docked with them and made himself feel completely at home. "*I trust your digestive system is similar to ours. If not, I've got my own supply in my ship*," Plag continued. He was blue, and scaly, and lived on an Ocean world that was absolutely covered with underwater cities. And surrounded by space stations. He wore a space suit full of water and used a radio to broadcast his speech. "... I'm sure we'll work it out as we go along, Plag," said Drake. Her tiny crew, only five other people, clung to the outer ring of the command deck. They all looked rather depressed. The Valeyard dropped out of Warp again, coming across a green, verdant little ball, similarly surrounded by space stations. "*Ah, here we are. Told you. Nice little place, a bit boring. Still, it takes all sorts to make an Empire. You'd like them here, they breathe oxygen too!*" The Scientist in Drake had a little panic attack. Picture nothing, and then multiply it by infinity. That is the Universe, mostly. Planets pop up so infrequently that they could easily be a rounding error, the people on them quite possibly being products of their own imagination. And yet here was an empire of... *Human-Adjacents* who, according to Plag, were pretty much everywhere. This was all far too much for a sensible person to absorb in just a couple of hours. "*There's a nice little restaurant over there, if you feel hungry*" he announced, pointing to an orbital platform coated in unreadable neon signs. Drake sighed, giving up. *Make it up as you go along*, they'd said. Fine. "Sure," she told Plag, to the surprise of her crew. "Let's eat. Might as well." 