
"Come on, Harvey, you're not here to buy a house. You're here to find victims," I grumbled to myself. I was standing in a beautiful, dimly-lit dining area with the granite counter-tops of the kitchen on one side and open to a tastefully decorated family room on the other. It was tempting. It really was. It was all about those open floor plans and having all the finishes nowadays and this house seemed to have everything I was looking for. It even had things I didn't realize I wanted, like a tasteful, jet-black tile backsplash that seemed to try to absorb all the light out of the room. I had been saving up for quite a while now, at least by human standards. I could comfortably afford a down payment and still have enough leftover to do some renovation work. Maybe I could add a cellar or expand the basement. Interest rates were low. The market was hot. This was almost as tempting as the realtor was. If only I had saved up more gold around the turn of the previous centuries, I could have just bought it outright. The last place that had tempted me like this had been a castle off in the middle of Romania. It was too remote though - hard to get victi... visitors out there - and I had opted to just keep living in my parents' basement, gradually saving up. Plus, I could use all that spare time that I didn't spend doing laundry or cooking or being a functional member of society out here lurking at open houses and gorging myself on blood. "I'm sorry, did you say something?" the realtor asked me from the kitchen. She had been writing something on a notepad but now frowned and looked up at me. I eyed the plate of still-warm cookies on the lovely granite counter-top beside her. Between you and me, as good as those cookies looked, they weren't what I wanted to sink my teeth into. "I was just saying how the houses here are a lovely vision," I responded awkwardly, stumbling over my words. It wasn't far from the truth. The fly - er, I mean drive - in had offered me sights of lovely houses and well-kept lawns and as I walked up the driveway, the neighbor had smiled and waved. Friendly neighborhood and friendly neighbors meant plenty of invitations. Just what a lonely, blood-thirsty vampire such as myself needs. She smiled back at me politely. Of course she did. She was the town's star realtor. She could probably smell the sale as much as I could taste the blood. My mouth was watering. "Oh, yes," she answered bashfully as if I was complimenting the prominence of her veins or the taste of her blood. "It really is a pleasant road, isn't it?" I nodded. "Lovely throat, yes it is," I mumbled, my eyes fixed on her flawless neck, fortunately bare of any religious jewelry that could impede my approach. She frowned, maybe thinking she had misheard me again. From this distance, it might have looked like I was making eye contact. I had to focus. But it was hard...wood floors, the master bedroom had a spacious, windowless bathroom that would ensure I could poop for as long as I desired without worrying about the rising sun. "Can I see the basement?" I asked her excitedly. She gave me an odd look but was too polite to question my enthusiasm. Business was business, after all. I would be spending the vast majority of my time down there so it was important that it be perfect. "Sure," she said hesitantly. I noticed how this time she let me walk before her. I was off my game. Normally I would be asking how many people were expected at the open house. I would be lurking in the shadows and picking off couples that wandered away from the realtor. And then, as she was locking up at the end of the open house, I would get her. Finally satisfied, I would disappear into the evening. But this house... I did some mental math to figure out what my mortgage payment would be. "The foundation seems sturdy," I commented as we descended into the colder basement. The walls weren't caving and there was no sign of moisture. "Perfect for hiding bodies." "I'm sorry?" I heard her stop a couple steps behind me. "I said that it has plenty of character for anybody." "Oh." She continued walking and I breathed a sigh of relief. "I thought I heard something else." I smiled politely, making sure my fangs didn't pop out. I marveled at the basement in darkness until she turned on the lights, giving me another perplexed look. I didn't risk telling her that I preferred it with the lights off. She might have taken it the wrong way. Then I turned towards her, admiring her smooth skin and her flushed face and... An unfinished part of the basement? Could it be more perfect? I gaped at her, shrugging at how helplessly I had been seduced by this lovely house. "So what's the catch? Why hasn't this been bought in today's housing market?" "It used to be an old morgue," she explained reluctantly, pointing towards the unfinished part of the basement. "It's been scaring people away." I suppressed a grin. "I'll take it." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 