
"Wake up! *Wake up*!" My eyes opened to a blurred world, bouncing up and down around me. After a moment, I grabbed at the man shaking me and groaned. "What the hell are you doing, Rafi? Good God, man." "Samir, my friend, you must get up. We have to go, now." "What are you on about so early in the day? Back at the wicked leaf again, friend?" I rubbed my eyes vigorously. "Samir, something is happening. We must go-" Splintered wood exploded across the room, raining kindling on us both. A group of armed men in bright red sashes with gold scimitars at their hips were yelling in another language- Farsi, perhaps? Or Arabic? It was hard to pin, but understanding them wouldn't have mattered anyway. They dragged us at swordpoint to the central square, where thousands of other men had been gathered together. They all looked as confused and distraught as I felt, bitter nerves and a sinking, empty stomach. About ten minutes later, a loudphone crackled in our own language, though crudely. "Hello. There is no time. We have married into the Persian bloodline, and they will go to war with us." Rafi squeezed over to me, grasping my shoulder. "Chaos comes for us, friend. I hear the new Persian Queen murdered all four of her siblings to establish herself as heir." I ran my hands through my hair, clenching some, as the booming voice continued. "The democracy has been disbanded. This is an official monarchy now, and miscreants will be thrown in jail or executed quickly. "You will be fitted with equipment shortly and we march in three days. Don't worry, I have a few perks and because of my divine abilities, you will all be able to fight like trained warriors. "First we must destroy India. The madmen formed a democracy and... Things have become tumultuous. After that, I do not yet know. However, I do know the world will be ours, men. We just have to go out and steal it before it destroys itself." The crowd cheered, and I with them, despite being horridly confused and wanting to vomit. I'd just... moved on my own, screaming with agreement, a veil of bloodlust pulled over my eyes. The conscripted men began to stream out of the square, toward an armory looming above plaza buildings- it wasn't there the day before. Along the way, a radio's crackle caught my ear, and I paused briefly to listen. *"India has formed a democracy... Mohandas Gandhi... Rapid changes in the world climate... War elephants... President Gandhi put out a press release today... Play it now."* *"... Our words are backed with NUCLEAR WEAPONS..."* the once peaceful, frail man screamed like a banshee. The world was falling apart. There were things in motion that would never become undone. And, somehow, overnight, it had become our job to keep things from fully unraveling. ---- */r/resonatingfury* 