
My abilities first manifested while I was at summer camp in middle school. We were out by the water, and the counselor told us he had a surprise for us. A voice from above started humming the melody to "Row, row, row your boat." At first I was impressed at how clever my counselor was, to set up such an exciting introduction to rowing. Turns out, he was just as surprised as us. It took years for me to accept that it had anything to do with me. It wasn't until I was out on a date as a teenager, when that song [Crazy](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qe500eIK1oA) started playing right before things went south, that I really accepted it. Turns out I have a superpower. Whole lot of good that's done me over the years. Sometimes it's just a melody, hummed softly. Other times, it's fully orchestrated, with a screaming horn section. It can be pretty annoying, but I manage to make the best of it. It's just a decent way to occupy my time. Figure out what the song means, try to predict the future a few seconds in advance, and be done with the whole mess, but last week, things went a little differently. While in line at the bank, we all heard it. A soft humming at first, some well known song from the 80's. I hummed a long a bit, then started trying to remember they lyrics. Might as well have some fun and make some predictions. A few distinctive looking guys walked in, and the music got a little louder. Some instrumentals joined in, and it began to sound like some kind of rock tune. I caught a few words. "The indecision's bugging me, if you don't want me set me free." My gut dropped. Something was wrong. Really wrong. I couldn't remember the name of the song yet, but I knew it was nothing good. I needed to get out of there, but couldn't make my legs move. I was being paralyzed by my fear, even though I didn't know why I wanted out. A man pulled a gun on the teller, two other men started screaming instructions at us, everyone started screaming, and the music hit full blast. ["If I go there will be trouble, and if I stay it will be double"](https://youtu.be/BN1WwnEDWAM?t=75). I booked it out of there as quick as I could. Sure, I took a couple bullets, but I made it out alive. &nbsp; Edit: Thanks for reading! To follow any updates/see all of my stories (including the Diaries of Gunsam from earlier this week) please visit /r/Floonatic 