
Stick-thin isn't an exaggeration for Maren Greenwich. He looks like someone had stretched his face over a skull and made the walking skeleton smile and be extra nice to everybody. So, despite his ghoulish appearance, he is the only patient to always ask about my day and even save me some chocolate pudding from lunch. He is quite the sweetheart. Except to the cook. He hates the cook. Every day, the cook comes to his room to offer him his meal and every day, as soon as the man turns, he rushes over to the bathroom and purges himself of it. Smiling of course. I'm told the two have history, but when I ask Maren about it, his eyes go wide and his smile grows so far I'm afraid he'll pull a muscle. Once, he actually did. And still he smiled, wincing in pain, but still smiling. My professional stance, as a psychiatrist, is that his smile is his shield and sword. It protects him in the illusion of happiness and spites some unknown force, desperate to make him unhappy. It's very common among patients like him--to believe that someone or something is out to get him and that's why Maren Greenwich smiles so much, to beat whatever that is at its own game. However, my personal stance differs. I once saw him stub a toe and his lips dipped for just a second. When he realized, his eyes widened and he redoubled his efforts to smile. That was when he pulled a muscle. I begged him to stop smiling. He refused. In the end, we had to put him under to stop himself from tearing his cheek muscles. There is a desperation in the way Maren Greenwich smiles. Seething, bubbling, boiling, like a volcano waiting to blow and as soon as those lips collapse, I know the destruction will come. Though I suppose, that's why he's here. That's why I'm here too. To save him. "Maren," I say and yawn. My breath catches. How did I let the yawn escape me? Smoothly, I say "How is your day?" as if I hadn't just yawned in his face. He looks around us and then at me, studying my face. For a second, I believe that I've also left some spinach in my teeth. Then, I realized that I skipped lunch. Perhaps hanging around Maren so much has rubbed off on me. "You have bags, doc," he tells me. I look on the ground and find none. My pen hovers over my pad, ready to scribble *delusional*, when I ask, "tell me more about these bags you see." "No, not like that." He shakes his head manically. "Under your eyes." I brush my eyes with fingertips. Wipe powder sticks to my finger. I had thought my makeup good enough to hide my fatigue, but clearly not. "That's very observant of you." "I used to have the same, back when I was sitting in that chair." His smile dwindle and his eyes glaze over. I take note. With Maren, reading facial expressions change. The dwindle of a smile isn't actually him growing sadder, but him managing a real, but feinter grin. His cheek-to-cheek smile is his frown. "And what did you do in this seat?" I ask, playing into his fantasy. "Exactly what you're doing. Helping. Counseling. Prescribing." He angles his chin up, thinking. "Starving. Not sleeping. Dying." My pen flies through the legal pad. "Mmhmm," I hum without looking up. "And how did you end up where you are, here?" Five bony fingers latch onto my wrist and I nearly drop my pen in fright. His fingernails are like talons, digging into my flesh. I look up and breath sticks in my throat, too afraid to emerge. He is no longer smiling. "I'm here because I'm not dead, yet," he whispers. "Write on your pad that I'm happy. As long as I haven't become as miserable as I made them, they won't kill me." "Okay," I say in breathless voice. With a nod, his smile slowly returns and with it, the usual Maren, back on the couch, talking about his day and how wonderful life is. "You won't believe how tasty the pudding was in the cafeteria today, doc," he says, almost singing the words. "I should've saved you some. You know? Next time I will." I nod--more a twitch than a nod--and look down to write my notes. My eyes catch a scribble on the side of my page and my brow furrows. Maren looks at me, calm, content, smiling. "What is it, doc?" Patients here have no personal possessions. It was too easy for them to hurt themselves with one. So they had no toothbrush to sharpen, blankets to tie around themselves, or even pencils. Except, Maren apparently, who in the time he had grabbed my wrist, had also scribbled into my pad a single command. Run. --- /r/jraywang 