
People say I'm unlucky. In reality, everyone else is unlucky, while I have no limit to my luck. It's actually quite a curse. You see, I have a guardian demon. He cares little about me, mostly that I just survive. He's also paranoid, so everything and everyone is trying to kill me. Neat. When I was little, there was that standard school bully. You know, the one who just can't get enough of fucking with that weirdo with glasses. One day, it was my turn to be that weirdo. So this kid came up all huffing and puffing, and before he could say a word, he caught fire. Out of fucking nowhere. I was terrified at the time, but I had a little voice in my head say, "Don't worry about that fucker. He's dead now." Later, the voice introduced itself as "Babunelzar." I call him "Babs." He hates that, but he can't kill me. Nothing can with Babs by my side. Things progressed, and I ended up having to switch schools. One person who was about to run into me in the halls of my second school suddenly had his rib cage cave in. Third school, I was playing football and one player would have tackled me if the ball hadn't flown out of my hands and through his head. I began to realize that normal, every day behaviors got people killed around me, so I just stayed in my room. Well, as I mentioned, Babs is paranoid. He got it in his incorporeal head that my family had it out for me, mostly because my dad forgot to replace a lightbulb he had removed. I gathered this because the fire marshal said that the spark that lit my house up came from an empty socket. I was the only survivor among my family, as well as the officers and fire squad that began to suspect me. Their vehicles exploded. Two things happened that day. I became numb and remorseless. Then, I stole a car and never looked back. I never have to pay for gas, because someone on the road eventually dies with their car intact. I can thank Babs for that one. Fast forward twenty or so years. More people have died around me than I can count. Sometimes, there's no body left to count; I've tried. So, I'm driving down this one road, waiting for somebody to die on their way home from the grocery store, and I hit a bump. I overcorrect just a bit and enter the opposite lane, and the car ahead jerks around, but hits "my" car. In that split second, Babs says "What?", I fly out the windshield and into a bush, and feel the rush of adrenaline for the first time in a decade. I look at the burning husk that was "my" car and see, slightly past it, the other car in pristine condition. The driver gets out unscathed, but just as confused as I am. Babs is screaming. My head is almost burning from the sound. He's trying to kill the driver with everything he's got. The road catches fire, but the fire parts around her. Her car exploads, but she safely lands with her car seat about thirty feet away, buckled up, even though she was outside the car just a second ago. Babs says one thing, with more anger than I thought possible. "She's got a guardian angel." ***** Please be gentle; this is my first time. Any and all constructive criticism is appreciated. First, though, I know my wording is fucking weird. It's a problem I've always had and would like to work on. &nbsp; Edit: Woah, this blew up over night. I promise to make a sequel tonight or tomorrow night (I live in Central Time, US). I have some things to do, and I need to have a rough idea about how to continue the story. Look out for it; it will be a comment to this one. Many thanks! I had no idea my first response would have been so well-received. Edit 2: What? Huh? Gold? Thanks! Edit 3: Part 2 is up! Also, sorry for the message debris that will soon ensue. I just want to make sure everyone interested in the next part got notified of it. 