
They said that it would be a dreamless slumber. But I recall having a dream. It was long. Yes, it was a very, very long dream. That's all I can tell you. I woke up just a few moments ago, and the dream already seems so distant, like it hadn't happened at all. How long had it been really? It feels like I went to bed just last night. We had just zipped past the fourth planet in our solar system, Sram. It was now invisible. The red sun shone brightly in the distance, 20 light minutes away. My home was a speck of cosmic dust. Everyone I had ever known was on that speck of dust, my home, Thrae. All their hopes were pinned on my journey. They had warned me that the journey would seem instantaneous. But even though it felt like I went to bed just last night, I couldn't believe that that was true. A yellow sun had replaced the red. A spectacular ring of ice gleamed in the starlight. A giant storm raged in the planet ahead. I had arrived. According to calculations, it had been close to ten thousand years since I left home. During this time, the on board telescope, among other instruments, had constantly relayed information back to Thrae. An antenna, spanning almost a mile, had been constructed to distinguish the signal from background noise. In turn, special lasers had been built back home to send messages across to me. After travelling varying distances, measured in billions of miles of empty space, a total of 10202016 such messages awaited my attention. But I had been expecting more, a lot more. The messages had abruptly stopped arriving around a few centuries ago. I felt a panic swelling inside, threatening to engulf me. According to calculations, the red sun should still be emitting sufficient energy to sustain life on Thrae. There was still time for us to find another planet to settle down on. So why had the messages stopped coming? The computer running the telescope suddenly started beeping. After waking up, my first instinct had been to orient its lens toward Earth. The last time I had looked at Earth, life was vivaciously flourishing. I had recognized that unlike back home, grass would be green there, water blue. There were various animals striving for dominance in the food chain. None had succeeded, as far as I could tell. But now, the same telescope picked up nothing. I plugged myself into the machine so I could see for myself what the matter was. I trained my eye toward Earth. But an impenetrable cloud of opaque gas shrouded the planet. I toggled the telescope, probing Earth from all possible wavelengths of light. But there was nothing interesting going on. Except for the black gas, swirling and twirling, nothing happened. There was no sign of life on Earth. Had a giant asteroid crashed into the planet, obliterating everything that lived? There seemed to be no evidence of that happening. The black gas had a radioactive signature. Why was the planet suddenly radioactive? The mystery remained, but the conclusion was inescapable. My mission was a failure. My makers had discovered this 'blue' planet, as they called it. They had been so sure this was to be our new home that they even christened it 'Earth', keeping in touch with their fondness of anagrams. But intelligence is mostly trial and error, and this was clearly an error, unforeseeable, but without doubt, an error. It was imperative I report it immediately. I unplugged myself from the telescope. I quickly relayed the information to Thrae, and then started reading the 10202016 messages from back home. It took me a few minutes, but even after I had read the last one, the mystery remained. There was no clue suggesting anything sinister had happened at all. Was the laser broken? Is that why they couldn't send messages to me anymore? Did they think it was not worth the investment to build another one? My life probably meant nothing to them. They could always just make another one like me. But the sinister possibility remained. The question loomed forefront in my consciousness: Why had the messages stopped arriving? It was all I could think of. Why? And so, I turned around. I took one last look at the yellow sun, and then prepared to go back to sleep. I had to know that everyone back home as all right, that they weren't all dead. I had to know that in this vast, incomprehensively large universe, I wasn't the only one alive. 