
It's still dark when I wake up on the morning of April 1st and in my drowsy sleepiness I check my phone to see what time it is. The time passes 5:56 as I watch the clock. *Jesus Christ, this is just too early on a Saturday* I think to myself and stretch my body as I try to wake up. Normally, I can hear sirens, cars and people outside, even on this time of day but today it's all quiet. There are no noises apart from the wind in the trees and birds chirping. At first, I don't take particular notice of the silence, but as the day goes on, I sure as hell will. After getting up and taking a shower, I sit at my dining table drinking coffee and eating porridge, watching the street outside. I still haven't seen a single person outside yet, but it's not even 7 o'clock yet. *Everyone's been partying hard today, huh* a thought pops up in my head and I smile. *I'm so funny.* After breakfast I decide to take a walk. The weather is beautiful. The thin, crisp air surrounds me as I stroll down the quiet streets of Woodstock. There is not a single person out here. I look around, confused, to see if anyone is there. I keep walking, seeing nothing but squirrels and birds in the trees, hearing no cars, no bikes, no nothing. My first thought was, *is something happening at the Inn or what?* but walking towards a closed and empty Woodstock Inn, I realise that's not a possibility. I call my mom. She lives up in the woods, not far from town. No one picks up. I then call my grandma, she lives in Hanover in a small apartment close to Dartmouth. No answer there either. I slowly start to get weirded out and consider the possibilities. Instead of standing in the middle of a desolated town square, I go home and start browsing Facebook, Twitter, CBS News, The Guardian, everything I can think of. The last post from every single media was yesterday. All my Facebook friends were online 15 hours ago, President Trump's last obnoxious tweet was at 8pm last night which is **not** like him. I start calling my friends one by one to reach one answering machine after the other. *No need to panic. There's nothing wrong, just drive to Hanover and find someone who can explain what's happening.* On my half hour drive to Hanover, crossing the state line, I don't see a single car. Not one. Also, the radio channels just play music, all the channels where hosts usually talk about boring bullshit right about now are playing the same, boring music. I jokingly make a remark to myself, that I'm the only person on Earth right now. Funny yet scary as I haven't met a single person for hours. It's been 6 hours since I woke up. Not one I have seen for six hours straight. As I reach Dartmouth College and therefore the middle of the town, I see no one still. Panic starts to roll over me as wave of shivering coldness and I unwillingly start to weep. Warm tears run down my cheeks as I sit in my truck. In sheer panic, I drive around the town for an hour. I go to Walmart which is open but there are no cashiers, no other customers but me. Again, I call my mother whose answering machine yet again reaches me. I drive home in anger and despair. There is no one left. I think of a zombie apocalypse like in that series but am now 100 % certain that I am going crazy. I'm going crazy. I'm going crazy. I'm going crazy. *Dear whoever reads this, My name is Sara Frazier, I'm a freelance journalist and have woken up to nothing. No people, no sign of life anywhere. I'm scared, I'm terrified and I'm most certainly going crazy. This is just like in my dreams. I've only mentioned them to one person on this Earth and I can't reach him either. Maybe some ancient prophecy is fulfilled and I'm now deemed to be alone forever. I can't live like this and choose to say goodbye. This is my apocalypse.* I put on *What a Wonderful World* and listen to the beautiful voice of Louis Armstrong while I load my .45. It was such a wonderful world, that's true. (Edit: This is my first attempt to write something from a writing prompt and I'm the type of person who's scared shitless of people's opinion. However, I tried and improvised a little at the end.) 