
Together, they watched the blue ball shrink away. At first it seemed beautiful. Clouds swirled over great oceans, and the surface itself existed as a cavalcade of color.  But as they left orbit and proceeded to exit this star system, it became just another dot of light in the blackened sheet of space. They hated that blue planet. They pitied the blue planet. In fact, most wanted nothing to do with it. Let the monkeys kill themselves, and collect the scraps later. Maybe make an easy profit flipping ownership rights and letting someone alter the atmosphere for their own species. Overall it sported a very pleasant range of biospheres. Good magnetosphere. Minimal radiation. In the grand scheme, no species had truly posed any real threat to their Galactic Empire. Most failed to pass through the greatest filter. Escaping their own planet's gravity. Discovering how to bend space to your own will, creating passages where a craft would travel for several months, then appear millions of light years away. Some planets were more bothersome than others, and Earth appeared to be one of them. At least a half dozen scout ships had been captured on that planet, always dragged to the same human facility for study. Each incident had gone roughly the same way each time. A scout craft crashes and activates a distress beacon. Then the humans swarm them and whisk them away, locking any captured pilots into cages. You're luckier if they just dissect you then and there. Awkwardly and crudely, the humans prod and poke at their superior technology, attempting to learn what they were too stupid to discover on their own. A world of savages, nothing more, nothing less. One of the rescued pilots strains his vision now, searching for Earth in the vast expanse of space, but cannot find it. Good riddance. He knew that they still held captives there, but he had no intention to return. A violent and stupid species ruled that planet, and would eradicate themselves in time. The rescued pilot gave a rather standard debrief. Incidents like this weren't exactly uncommon in some arms of the Milky Way. No, the humans hadn't colonized their own system. No, the humans weren't capable of posing a true threat to anyone. No, the humans weren't a unified species, culturally or politically. In the cargo deck, a small steel ball blinks on occasion, rolling around the lower decks in near silence. It transmits video to a small room somewhere on the pale blue dot. Disinterested men watch and collect their findings, more interested in where this craft was going. Perhaps the humans weren't as idiotic as they seemed. Perhaps the pilot's rescue hadn't been an accident, but an opportunity. Perhaps the dissected life forms and technology yielded more results than they let their captives realize. A species bred to survive values adaptation over stagnation. This was the law of nature. The craft begins to accelerate towards the nearest galactic trade lane, preparing to enter a transportation hub. Confident in their escape and successful rescue operation, they begin to create a dossier on humanity. Insignificant. Unintelligent. Unrefined. The little ball chugs along, tracking the ship's location. If the rescued pilot had found the ball, he would identify it as his own ship's distress signal. The men in the little room watch a white dot blip on a great screen. There is a general consensus among them. Humans are a practical species. If there is any possibility of a real threat from beyond the stars, the only logical recourse is to find the threat. And eliminate it. The rescued pilot would find it somewhat ironic that the designs of his own craft would let humans escape their own blue dot. The monkeys at Area 51 design and plan, sharing documents with foreign nations as a cohesive strategy begins to form. First design the spacecraft. Then the weapons. The men in the little room agreed again. Their planet had known the conquests these men feared. They remembered what had happened to the indigenous peoples of their own world, and knew the pattern could repeat itself. They understood that the strong would do what they would, and the weak would suffer what they want. Better to be the aggressors in this upcoming cultural exchange. A pale blue dot floats in space. Preparing for conquest. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 