
"Daizen Syndrome." My eyebrows jumped. "Huh? Sounds Japanese... and scary. But I'm not Japanese." "I can see that, you poor Caucasian-collegian miscreant, but you *do* have an illness discovered in a Japanese patient." My jaw clenched as I bit down on invisible bullets. At this point I was unsure whether I was laughing hysterically or gasping for air from somewhere deep down. "... go on..." "You already know the symptoms. What do you want to know?" "Well, what does it lead to? Like, is it terminal or will I have to think about lifestyle changes?" His eyes sank to the ground. His left foot gave a weak shuffle, like he wanted to kick the dirt just to distract both our eyes long enough for him to churn out the first few stanzas of the impending soliloquy. His stammer confirmed my suspicion. "I mean... so, y-your respiratory tract affects -- it affects a lot of things, lots of things, you get that, right?" "... sure? I mean, I'm here after ten days of this crap, right?" "But... but remember the weird questions I asked you? Your libido, your, your iron levels, your water intake, your liquid... you know, 'out-take'? Are you... getting the idea, Jack?" Not really. "... kinda? Something about my junk?" "Jack, your breathing is not good. Your iron is not good. Your oxygen flow to certain parts of your body... it's not good, because those things aren't good, and it's starting to show... it shows down there, by the things you describe." "Wait a second!" "Hold on, we're getting there..." "No, wait, but I'm--" He pulled off his glasses and made hard eye contact. His lips curved down just enough to make the I-mean-it face. His stutter became an even, stern bark. "You think you're clever, *I get that*, but this is serious. Now listen." My head drooped, my mouth refusing to close. An objection lay lifeless on the tip of my tongue. "You need to start eating green things, or iron pills, your choice, but you need to consider oxygen either way. Without these, there's a high chance you're going to develop ED in the near future, and even then there's no guarantee." "Oh, man, how near?" He ignored the question. "Within five to eight years, prescription drugs will not reverse it even temporarily." "Doc, check me again. I can breathe normally." "It's not that wheezy BS, Jack, it's in the undertones and patterns of your breathing. There's damage in there." "No, doc seriously. I swallowed a plastic eraser and inhaled it." "That's Daizen Syndrome, Jack." My chin rose up to meet his glance. I felt my eyes struggle not to cross. "... wait, what?" "Daizen was an intern of mine from Fukuoka. He was a fucking idiot." "..." "Go back to class, Jack. I'll write up a slip and say it was a respiratory infection." 