
Vanthy looked across the room, the sadness radiating off him like steam. He was hunched, different to his usual posture: that of a ballet dancer, betraying early years spent in a class which his fragile masculinity forced him to still deny nearly a decade and a half on. Cyril wandered over, full glasses in his hands. He saw what his friend was staring at, put the drinks down and patted him on the back. "Look, you have to forget her." Cyril said this with what he hoped was an air of friendly condolence, but like all things with him it came off as bored and snarky. It wasn't his fault that his cadence was that of an angsty teen, but it was his curse to bare. Luckily, Vanthy was too wrapped up in his own emotions to even register his friend, simply taking a swig of the rum and coke Cyril had brought over. He began to speak bitterly. "What the fuck does she even see in him?" "Well, Al probably likes the fact he actually asked her out." responded Cyril. Vanthy looked over, knowing that was very much the reason, and that was why he was so frustrated: he had nobody but himself to blame. Well, apart from all of the sociological and biological factors and stuff that like makes it harder for some people to express their feelings in a healthy way. Probably. "Well now I've got no chance." sighed Vanthy, like the little loser he was. Maybe if he downed his drinks more often he'd be a bit more of a laugh and a bit less of a shy loser. "That's not true mate. Like you said, there ain't much to see in him." replied Cyril, chatting absolute horse shit as per usual, making him a bit more annoying than usual. Vanthy grimaced before replying. "Thanks, I needed that." Of course he did, because god forbid he show a little introspection. "Besides." he carried on, gritting his teeth further. "This is probably what I need to move on." Cyril's attitude towards the truth was seeping around the table. Van was clearly never going to get over that girl. The one sitting across the bar with another guy. You know. "Al." said Cyril, very deliberately. "Is great, but you're right. Maybe you do just need to move on." He was acting as if all this stuff was, like, really simple, but it like, isn't, and Vanny boy is a bit of a...I don't know, but, yeah. Well, either way, he rolled his eyes and began speaking again, for some reason. "I know I sat back a bit too much on this because I'm a bit of a shy person." Yeah, that was it. He was finally coming around. "But I think this is what will spur me on to maybe getting out of that shell." And there he went again, ruining it by being all "oh I can do that" when he definitely can't. "People can change, and you're a great guy as it is. You just need to show people." Cyril sounded kind of angry as he said this for some reason, like, even though it was nice. I think he was being passive aggressive, but I don't know who to. The room began to spin as Ol - "Al!" shouted Vanthy. Yeah, as Al swung out of focus. "Oh! Vanthy, I didn't see you there. Hey." she smiled at him, I think. "Hey." replied Van with what I think was some embarrassment, but it's all a bit fuzzy. I do know he asked this weird thing after, along the lines of "Isn't it great to meet in a nice, calm bar like this?" It was probably because he's...well, it's a secret, but I can tell you: he's been in love with what's her face with the dark hair and I think she might be part Korean, but I don't wanna say in case it's a bit racist because maybe she's from another country. That's probably why he was so weird around her. Anyway, then, I woke up with a stonker of a headache, and I'll find out what happened after I order a pizza and watch a few eps of the Simpsons. ......... r/sandsshortswriting 