
*Jason, 37, father of 3, world-wanted weapons and drug dealer* &nbsp; "Yup, no doubt it; Johan is a good boy. No, no, no, he doesn't do all this stuff. He worries too much about others for his own good. He's soft inside, cries pretty much at anything. Oh, and please don't associate him with us, he's too caught up in his work to even bother about this." &nbsp; *Joanna, 36, wife of Jason, serial killer of rapists and pedophiles* &nbsp; "Johan? My darling boy wouldn't hurt a fly, but he dares to deal with grim stuff like human organs and cutting things apart. I would say his line of work would be about the same as mine, dealing with blood and gore. Both of us love our work too!" &nbsp; *James, 18, world renowned hacker; known for hacking NSA and other intelligence units* &nbsp; "Haha yeah Big Bro's really a nerd, I would say a bigger one than me while at it. I managed to hack into his workplace admin system; look at what I found! Loads and loads of text and images, and he has to go through them in one day. I wonder how he does it though... He's really nice to me, but more of a cry baby I would say." &nbsp; *Jean, 17, youngest member of the family, new member of the Illuminati* &nbsp; "Big Bro is really really nice! Treats me like a princess, and always gives me his share of food that I love. I would totally date him if he's not my older brother. Oh, I remember him kissing a girl and putting his head on her chest that one time we were at the beach! I don't know what he was doing, but it seemed like he liked the girl because he cried when she didn't respond to his actions. But, it's ok, he knows that his family loves him no matter what." &nbsp; *Johan, 24, unknown* &nbsp; "I'm pretty emotional like what my family said. I mean, they told us not to get too attached to a patient, but no matter how hard I try, I would end up breaking down with them if the news were grim. It's hard, really. And that one time on the beach, I felt so helpless when I couldn't resuscitate that girl; I just thought that it was my fault she couldn't continue living, that I was not good enough. However, as they say: The secret is to know that the deck is stacked, that you will lose, that your hands or judgment will slip, and yet still struggle to win for your patients. You can't ever reach perfection, but you can believe in an asymptote toward which you are ceaselessly striving." &nbsp; *Jason and Joanna* &nbsp; "We try not to stress him out, because in hindsight what he does is really a respectable job. Dealing with bad people is what we do, but for him, he's dealing with good people with bad things happening to them. We play with the law, while he is being played by his own emotions. To even be in command of his emotions requires sheer will. That's why, no one in the family ever gets angry at him; he's in a more difficult position than all of us, and we all respect his doings. We don't require anyone to give us any respect because of our illegal doings, but please, save some respect for Johan." &nbsp; *End of interview* &nbsp; EDIT: Credits to Paul Kalanithi for his deep and inspiring quote. As readers pointed out, I forgot to credit him. Thanks for pointing out! 