
"What the hell?" I muttered, trying to prise the sword from the mouse's tiny paw. Tibbles had done some real damage. Its eyes snapped open, still bright and sharp despite the claw marks raking its body. "You...you've robbed me of victory," it coughed, spraying my hands with little drops of blood. "Take me back to that vermin, please, I was...was at the point of finishing him. Tibus the Black, I had him at my mercy..." The mouse groaned and pointed a trembling paw at the necklace swinging around its neck. "Here I will add its filthy claw, destroyer of countless lives of my brothers and sisters, when I'm finished." I stared at the creature, wearing perfectly made, tiny pieces of leather armour. Side effect of living alone: there's no-one to confirm whether you're having a nervous breakdown at critical moments. "You're a mouse. And you're talking," I said out loud, waiting for the mouse to disappear as my hallucination vanished. It didn't, but merely puffed out its cheeks a little and rolled those dark eyes. "How could you forget? What's wrong with you, my dear friend? I'm Matthias, don't you remember?" It squinted up at me, and blinked rather rapidly. "Oh...you're not him, are you? Ah, yes, I see your lack of fur on the jaw. So sorry, my boy. I thought...I was acquainted with the previous human who lived on our lands..." Matthias' voice trailed away into squeaks, and it looked around the house. "Where did he go? He used to heal us, in times of crisis...wrote stories about us, when he gained the privilege of our trust. I did like him. Brian. Where is Brian?" At this point, I knew I must be dreaming. Not only was the mouse talking, he was acting as if he had been friends with the guy who used to live in my new house. An author, I'd heard, who wrote a bunch of kid's books. "He passed away, I think," I told the little warrior mouse, accepting my dream for what it was. At this point, I might as well enjoy it. "Who made your armour?" Matthias' mouth opened and shut silently, a battered paw lifting to cover its mouth. "Brian's dead? He...." Its voice rose to such a pitch I couldn't hear anything. Finally, the mouse looked up, those dark eyes piercing mine. "I do not know you, human. I do not know if you are noble or not, as your predecessor and protector of these ancient grounds were. He understood us. He valued our lands, he honoured us. And he would never have brought a *cat* here. Stinking vermin. Until I can trust you, I shall say no more." And with that, the mouse sped from my hand with startling agility, ignoring its many injuries. In the distance, I could see it stopping at a little red, plastic toy house in the corner of the yard. I'd dismissed it as the forgotten child's toy of the previous tenants. The mouse disappeared inside its doors, and I shook my head to clear it. Back in the house, I cleared my fridge of beer. Clearly, I shouldn't be day drinking. ----------- That night, I put effort into making a healthy meal. Lots of spiced vegetables, a nice, golden slice of pie, a glass of milk to wash it down. Just the thing to make me forget about - "Og good, so you *do* know a thing or two," a voice squeaked at the end of the table. I looked up slowly, into the gleaming eyes of the mouse. "Old Brian could cook, too. Taught us everything we know, that man." "Hurr, but we'll show yew everythin', don't yu'm wurry." This last bit came from another small creature at my foot. I looked down, feigning calmness, into the tiny, grinning face of a mole. "But first, there's the matter of the vermin..." the mouse began again. "Cam't have vermin near Redwall, hurr, no sur," the mole said gravely. "We'll show you how things are done here, don't worry boy," Matthias added. "Maybe you can keep writing those books about us? He used to read them back to us, all our best adventures. Only you humans thought it was fiction, didn't you? Oh, boy, let me tell you..." As their chattering voices rose in laughter and talk, I saw more creatures creeping cautiously through the doors. A hare, a squirrel, three more mice...was that a goddamn badger? "Excuse me," I said, rising unsteadily from my chair. "I think I'm going to need something I threw away, before you go on." ------------- Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. 