
Well this was it. I was going to do it today. I'd had enough. I made my way back to Pearly Gate Drive and went to building 4, room 86. The Angel Assignments department. I hadn't been here in ages. I'd been happy on Guardian duty. I'd spent numerous lifetimes as one. In fact I'd consider myself an absolute model of a guardian angel. But my newest human is pushing me past my limits. I made my way through the parkinglot to the elevator. It was fairly crowded. Angels, cherubs, and other heavenly denizens making their way to some department or another. I could hear one discussing the finer points of being a messenger angel. One sung its praises while the other took the more practical side that the person given the message rarely ever believes or is believed if they do tell someone. Finally I made it to floor 86. I navigated past missing persons, new angel recruitment, and finally to Angel Assignments. There sat Minerva. A curmudgeonly old Seraphim whose attitude made her fit for nothing more than a desk job. "Oh, it's you. You've got an assignment. Why are you here?" she said. "Nice to see you too Minerva" I replied. She was clearly unphased at my attempt to make pleasantries. "Fine" I said. "I'll get to the point. My latest assignment is intolerable. I've got more patience than most but this kid is beyond stupid. He actively goes out of his way to try and get himself harmed. It's not even on purpose. He simply lacks the common sense to not stick his hand on a burner. His parents are just as bad, but at least they've learned a bit over the years. Their angels are just as outdone with them. They just don't want the shame of reassignment." "And you" replied Minerva. "You want that on your record? Couldn't take care of a child?" I sighed. "This isn't a child, it's a monster. Do you know he thinks it's fun to stick crayons in his nose to where he cannot breathe and refuses to try and breathe through his mouth? Every time his parents gets him new crayons I have to bless each one to prevent it from stopping air. During which time he seeks new ways to harm himself. I'm losing my sanity Minerva!" "You think I'm not losing mine? You think you're the first to come in here and tell me their charge is stupid? 'Minerva, my charge regularly forgets to turn off their car in the garage!' 'Minerva, my charge thinks its fun to eat tide pod packs' On and On it goes! So you'll forgive me if I'm not bleeding sympathy for you." I was losing my patience. "Minerva please, this kid is a no win case. It's unlikely he will see 18 even with my help. This isn't just a frustration Minerva. I spend my time and love and patience to help my charges. The prospect of them dying despite my best efforts breaks my heart." Minerva sighed, removed her glasses, and pinched the bridge of her nose. "Listen I know it's not a picnic" she said. "But that child needs a guardian angel. I know it hurts if you lose a charge. But to give up on one when they need them the most. It's shameful." This gave me pause. She wasn't wrong. I think this made me feel more guilty than I ever had. "I already feel like a failure Minerva, no need to make it worse." She placed her glasses back on. "I don't know if you know it, but I gave you this kid for a reason. His family has a long history of willful clumsiness. Very few angels are up to the challenge. If I'm being perfectly honest it's a lineage that should have passed on some time ago. Do you know why we keep helping them?" I shook my head no. "These are the descendents of the woman who wept as she washed the savior's feet. Do you really want a reassignment?" I was taken aback. How did I not know this. She was an honored denizen of heaven. This was a descendant of hers? I couldn't abandon my post. I apologized to Minerva and went on my way. Back in the office, Helena looked over at Minerva and said "Minerva, you know full well that kid isn't her descendant. His lineage doesn't even have any Hebrew ancestry." "Oh shut up and get back to your own business. If I reassigned him I wouldn't be able to source another angel for that kid." 