
Every TV in the space station had been hooked up to a live camera feed of Earth. Only a single person remained on the planet, Aaron McCoy, who would soon wake up to a desolate planet, utterly alone. For the length of April Fool's day, he would be the last man on Earth. A countdown began for the start of the livestream, when Aaron would awaken. Three. Two. One. The TVs flickered on to show a man in his mid-twenties, scratching the gunk from his eyes. Humanity watched as the last man on Earth began his day. --- Eight hours later and humanity had gotten quite bored. "I don't understand," the world's leading sociologist, Jenny Hazer, said, "he's going to masturbate again?" "He hasn't even left the house yet." Her colleague, Jackson Hill, held an empty notepad in his hand. If he had taken notes, it would simply be to note the amount of time the subject spent switching between porn and video games. "But he's twenty-five, shouldn't he have things to do?" The two sociologists turned to Aaron's parents, who were still reeling from their son's choice of pornography. When they had enlisted their son into this social experiment, they knew that there would be risks, but certainly didn't expect *this*. The middle-aged couple looked as if they had lost all hope in the world. "We thought he had a job," the mother mumbled. Jenny looked in her notes. "He does, but he sent an e-mail out this morning. He is working from home today." Aaron's boss stared at the screen in silent fury. As part of this experiment, he had agreed not to fire Aaron based off of any information gathered here. Now, he was thinking of creative ways to force the lazy son of a bitch out his company. "Here," Sarah, Aaron's girlfriend said, "I know what will get him out of his room." She took out her phone, her fingers flying across its screen. Aaron's phone buzzed, but it was drowned by the sound of the people moaning on his screen. When he finished, he checked his phone. He pinched his chin and sent a text back. *Sorry babe, can't respond. Boss is really crushing me today.* Sarah's face turned a shade of crimson to match the boss's face. "That asshole!" she spat. "Wait!" Jenny grabbed her colleague's shoulder, directing the man to the screen. "This is new behavior." On the TV, Aaron gasped and jumped up, startled. "This is it," Jenny whispered. "He's going to leave the house." Aaron went up to his bedroom door and turned the lock. "Whew," he said. "I forgot to lock my door." ___ /r/jraywang 