
Prince Jawara blew another perfect smoke ring from his massive cigar. I usually don't allow smoking in the house, but today, I don't mind. "Who are these women?" he says suspiciously, as he holds the briefcase tightly at his side on the couch. The four girls giggle at the prince, all piled on the small sofa and prodding at his royal garments. "Uh," I'm at a loss for words as the doorbell rings again. "Hot singles?" "They were not part of our agreement! The money must be kept in your name only!" he's yelling as I make for the door. "Ya, of course!" I fling the door open, hoping for a normal UPS delivery (I was actually expecting a set of towels today). "What is it--" A massive, muscular arm reaches out and grips me in the firmest handshake I've ever felt. "Agent Max Armstrong! Pleased to finally meet you, partner." In steps what looks like a young mix between Schwarzenegger and Bruce Willis. *Oh, God. Not that email.* "I just want to say, that you're one hell of an American. We've been looking for the right man for this job for six months, and not a damn soul has had the gusto to respond to our recruitment emails," he snaps to attention and pops a perfect salute. "On behalf of the president of the United States, I commend you for your sacrifice." "Uhhh, right," I'm fucked. "Come on in, I suppose." We make our way down the hall and back into the living room, and the Prince has made himself a bit more comfortable with the singles. "Whoa," Armstrong halts, and I can only imagine that he's scanning for threats. "You didn't tell us you picked your own team." "Prince Jawara, at your service!" the prince rises and offers his hand, and Max nods sharply in approval at its firmness. The girls get up and form a line, giving dainty waves as the pass by the agent. "Lacy" "Stacy" "Tracy" "And I am Helga," she smacks him hard on the arm. I actually quite like her accent. "*Ladies,*" Armstrong smirks, and I'm fairly certain he's flexing in his superman pose. "You're all goddamn heroes as far as I'm concerned, now--" Car doors slam outside, and Max enters some kind exaggerated, alert posture, kneeling low with his arms spread like an eagle. The doorbell rings again. "We've got company," Max dives behind the couch, taking Helga and Lacy with him. He emerges with a long-barreled handgun, smashing the lamp on my end-table and training his weapon down the hallway. "I've got you covered, partner!" "Calm down! I'm just gonna go get the door." I hear Armstrong mention something to the girls about my steel balls as I head back down the hall, spotting Jawara in the kitchen with two steak knives in hand--he nods maniacally at me as I pass. The door seems to fly open at me before I even tug at the knob, and one massive man pushes past me as a shorter one shoves me against the wall. "The American agent is here!" the short one spits at me through his thick accent. "We will protect you, comrade!" *Oh, God. Please, definitely not that email!* He drags me down the hall, covering my head protectively with his hand, and into the living room. "Ruskies!" Max shouts from behind the couch. "Let my partner go, or you'll find the barrel of my weapon cold up your asshole!" The girls are shrieking; except Helga, she's sort of chuckling. "Your partner? This is our man, you stupid American pig!" Armstrong looks into my eyes like a hurt puppy, and his lip quivers as he speaks, "Partner?" "I..." fuck me. "I just answered some emails..." Max's muscles tense as he fills with rage, "YOU DOUBLE-CROSSING SON OF A BITCH!" Prince Jawara lets out an impressive war cry as he explodes out of the kitchen and onto the back of the big Russian. I hit the deck. The briefcase is open, and the money is flurrying in the air through bullets, blood, and Helga's laughter. A bell rings out amidst all the chaos. *No. I'm definitely not getting that.* ______ **Thanks for reading. Sub to /r/BeagleTales for daily hot singles** 