
Tom and Chris are already sitting down when everyone walks in. "Oh good. You're here." Chris says warmly, gesturing towards the empty seats with the grandiosity of a high-society host "Let's jump right into it, shall we?" Allison, Michael and David shuffle into their seats, uneasily. The last couple of sessions went pretty well. This new system Tom found seemed fun, getting to design your own class, evolving them and adapting to life on this "Earth" planet. They usually shoot the shit for a while before actually getting down to business, but apparently Chris has other plans. Tom starts them off, recapping what happened last time, filling everyone in on some small rules that needed to be updated and then sighs "One last thing." while looking over at Chris, who is barely sitting at this point he's so excited. "Chris has tool..." "I HAVE TOOLS NOW!" Chris just about breaks the olympic high-jump record getting out of his chair. A chorus of whats and hows emerges from the rest of the group. Tom attemps to calm them down, trying to explain what he and Chris talked about before everyone else got here. "You all remember that last game, Chris used his evolution points to walk on two legs instead of four." "Yeah, which is the worst." Michael pipes up. "I mean, just mathematically: two legs bad, four legs good. How else are you gonna keep up your movement speed. It's basically the only perk he had, except for INT, and when are you gonna use that". "Well.. yeah. That's what I thought. That's why I let him use half of his xp for the update. But now, and for some reason this needed to happen before everyone else got here..." Chris, who's back to sitting down at this point, interrupts "I wanted it to be a surprise". "Sure, Ok, so before you all got here, he came in and asked me for opposable fingers." The rest of the group just look at Chris, back at Tom, then back to Chris. David grabs some paper and starts sketching something out. "How would that even.." "Here," Chris takes the paper away from him, "let me show you what I showed Tom." What follows is a 10 minute long expose on the bio-engineering of how opposable fingers would theoretically work. As Chris expands on the benefits of now having two free appendages with nearly omni-directional grabbing, Tom sinks deeper and deeper into his chair, dejected. Chris is unstoppable at this point "...and this is the best part. Tom! Tell 'em the best part!" "He had the intelli.." "I HAD. THE. INTELLIGENCE. ALREADY. So I can just build tools now! No evolution points required." "How is that even remotely fair?" It's Allison's turn to interject now. Looking at her stat-sheet, she's trying to imagine some sort of elaborate way that snakes could have hands, possibly with these "thumb" things that were apparently always allowed. Tom grabs the Earthmaster's handbook and rifles through it. "So, you're not really supposed to know this yet, but crafting is something you unlock at higher levels. It's supposed to be a late-game thing, but somehow Chris found a way to unlock it already.". David is still looking at Chris' sketches. Michael is trying to sneak a peek at the handbook to see if there's any other game-breaking magic his elephants can use later. Tom notices and slams the book shut. "I looked. I mean, I really did, guys. But there's nothing to prevent him from doing this." "Great," says Chris "Now that that's all settled. Let me ask you something, Tom: You know those "rock" things that are all over the place? How pointy and sharp can I make those. And if I want to attach them to some sticks: is that a dex roll?" 