
((First time i ever replied to a prompt so if I broke a rule I don't know of let me know.)) &#x200B; The bell rang for a solid three hours this time, everyone in the town started to pack their valuables and figured they would need to flee their homes for good this time. The longest the towns bell has ever rung was only a few minutes long. Then after that a tornado had rocked the small town. It tore apart half of the houses and killed over a dozen people, it took a week to clear the wreckage and find the bodies. The folks in this small town were right to panic. The bell had never steered them wrong before and to ring this long... Everyone was right to fear the worst. Then the bell had ceased its endless toll. The townsfolk stopped with it, all of them waiting with bated breath. Mothers gathering there children and fathers gathering there courage to fight whatever may come down upon them. It was too quiet for too long. Until a sound had broken the tension. The screeching of old brakes grinding to a halt in front of a local eatery. An old station wagon puttered while in idle in front of the store, then the engine was cut and faux wooden panel door swung open with an eerie creek. A man got out, wearing a medium priced white and black suit and tie. He had a smile on his perfectly symmetrical face and waved towards the locals who gawked in wonder. Another bell goes off, this time over the door to the restaurant. It chimed to warn the staff that someone had entered. He strode across the floor and sat himself into an empty booth in the back when no one came out to greet him. With an audible gulp and shaky hands the waitress comes over with her notepad out, her pen struggling to keep still contact with the paper. "W-what can I get you sir?" she managed to stammer out, still fearing that this man may explode or something as equally terrible. "Coffee, miss, also is there a special on?" The man replied, his smile was wide and unwavering as he looked at her. She felt a wash of calm come over her but still had an uneasy feeling. The man looked and sounded charming, what could the bell have been warning them about? she wondered. "Mushroom soup and fresh bread, sir. Coffee is a dollar fifty." The no longer as nervous waitress managed to reply. Her pen started to write his order with ease too. "Ah, skip the soup then but the bread sounds nice. I'll take some of that and a coffee with cream and sugar please." The waitress was back shortly with a plate of coffee mixers, coffee and freshly baked bread. After he finished the small meal and checked his phone a couple of times the man stood up and laid a crisp twenty down on the table and walked away. The staff breathed easy when he was near the door and almost out of there hair, then the air stood still once more as the man hesitated in front of the door. "Hey. I'm not from around here and I'm looking for your Clinic. Can i get one of you to point it out? I checked my phone but it seems GPS isn't great here yet.". Giving the address of there clinic the tiny bell over the door chimed to announce his leaving. Minutes later another door opens. The office to the only doctor for this small town. The man in the black and white suit removed his hat in respect and took the seat offered to him by the doctor. His natural charm was laid on thicker here, "Good evening. Doctor Samson, is it? My name is Daniel and I represent the company of Johnson and Johnson. Have you heard of our new product Oxycontin?". 