
"Welcome, and thanks for attending the audio tour of our Al Wenders' exhibit. As you can see, Al Wenders was a late bloomer at 24; with little to no formal training he was able to come to a masterful understanding of composition, shape, and colour. This was known as the Bright period. The paintings you are viewing are full of intense and somewhat haphazard brushstrokes that would become his trademark. The subjects were often flowers or landscapes. There were hundreds of attempts at portraits, none of which seemed to satisfy him or leave his personal studio. The colours are on the light side, with shadows and darkness typically muted and in the background. Take notice of how dominant the bright colours are, as well as a refusal to leave white space - this was an intentional choice. It was around this time that he met his eventual wife. "Now we move on to the Bliss period. Red to orange hues tend to dominate this period, taking on deeper, less pastel-bright colours. Critics noted the more substantial feel to these paintings, the increase in depth coming from the combination of the deep colours with bright accents. Much of the subject matter includes his then fiancee. At the beginning of this period he quit his job to pursue painting full time. By the end, he was featuring in prominent galleries. "Take a look at this first picture. A bright smiling figure, standing among ribbons of white nearly covered in black kanji, that stretches off of the ribbons. Again, emphatic, bright brushstrokes and it is here we first see the entrance of the ribbons as shadow taking a more prominent role. The Kanji translates to 'We choose what consumes us.' Some early critics suggest that this be included in the bliss period but its lack of orange hues and its greater similarities with the following work put it more in the Shadows period. Now, instead of muted shadows displaced by the intense bright brushstrokes, we can see that it is the blacks, and deep purples and blues that are given strong, rapid strokes, smearing large amounts of pigment over the canvas. "This painting was completed shortly after the death of his brother to lung cancer. It marks perhaps a moment of distinct personal honesty in his painting. Though he had a bright studio, a child on the way, he chose to put more dark colours. The other works, as you can observe, gradually giving way to a disassociation with the bright colours, coming to find that his no-white-space habit became a no-bright-space habit so that the oranges and other bright colours took on increasingly subtle roles. There was a tension in his work that even made viewers uncomfortable to look on the pieces. "It is no coincidence that this period is said to have lasted eight months. In fact, we know that Al Wenders abandoned what would have been his last piece of the period as his wife gave birth. It remained half-finished in his studio. Shortly after we see the disappearance of his intense choppy brush strokes and notice the entrance of blending. It was here that many of his early supporters took issue with the change in structure noting that his work had lost its vitality, its vigour, and had become innocuous, fit for secondary positions in the homes of the middle-class. "All the same, the Blending period for others gave a very real sense of tranquility, of patience. In fact, the brush strokes have a tell-tale smear at the edges. It shows that he may have used his initial strong brush strokes but then took the accumulated paint on the edges of the stroke and mixed it in. As such, the contrast and definition of the strokes vanished. The conflict in his paintings went with it. Not long after; Al Wenders said he had done in art what he had set out to do. Since then he has not published another painting, though according to close friends, he has not stopped creating them. Nobody has seen his work since then, and if you had the opportunity to visit his home, you would find the walls covered in the scrawling paintings of his daughter. 