
It technically started with the geese disappearing. It's not something anyone really paid a lot of attention to. People blamed climate change, and pesticides, and over-hunting. It was a perfectly logical explanation, and for dozens of other species, the correct one. Not this time, though. Regardless, it was quickly forgotten. A lot of people weren't that fond of geese anyway. Nobody thought back to it the day Canada went silent. The FAA was the first to notice it. Pretty hard not to when nearly a thousand planes drop off the radar at once. They quickly attempted to call Transport Canada, which is when they realized the phones were out. An assistant ran to the break room, hoping to pick up something on Canadian news on the TV, which is when it started to become clear that nothing was coming from Canada. It was a good twenty-four hours before the various government agencies finally decided that something was wrong. They decided the best thing to do was to fly a plane over Canada and see what was going on. Given it's location relative to Canada, the first flight went out from Eielson Air Force Base. It never came back. Neither did the next dozen. The commanders in Alaska refused to send anyone else. With all the confusion from all the various public, private, and government groups trying to figure out what to do about an entire country essentially ceasing to exist, it was some time before anyone realized that the refusal to send more planes was the last thing they had heard from Alaska in a week. Someone finally attempted to reach out, but there was no official response from anyone. Every branch of the military attempted to send something to Alaska, but the result was always the same, more silence. The last message from Alaska was sent on a ham radio: "To anyone who can hear this message, do not send help. If you are in the continental United States, do not send anything into Canada. Set up a fire line, dig up every gun you can. Do not let them get out of Canada if you can help it. If you are anywhere else in the world, be ready. It's the geese. We didn't know, nobody could've. It must've been the testing back in the 50's. They've become... something... more... nobody knows, because nobody has lived to come back... oh my God, I think they're coming!".  Gunfire could be heard in the background, along with people screaming, and some other sound, somewhat familiar, yet completely foreign, an impossibly loud squawking. The radio signal faded to static. 