
"Dad, dad, dad, wake up! I have something to show you!" "What, what?" I ask as I'm pulled out of bed by my 18 year old son, eager to show me his present for my birthday, I assume. "You remember those tapes you made when I was little, that you worked so hard on? Remember, you would stay up all night, and you were so stressed about making them?" "Yeah, what about them?" He leads me through the house, to his bedroom, and over to his computer, which is brightly lit up with a site I've never seen before. "The Tanner Tapes" it reads, with all of the tapes I've ever made listed and described right before my very eyes. "I digitized all of them, so that the whole world could see! Dad, you're gonna be famous!" At first I was excited, as I couldn't resist the utter joy my son radiated from his beaming smile. Then I remembered. I remembered the very reason why I made the tapes. Quickly, I sat down at his desk and clicked on one of the videos. Quickly skimming, I read the view count and almost threw up. *2.3 million views.* "Daniel, please tell me you're joking. This can't be real." I wish I could be happy about this, but I suddenly want to throw up as I realize the torrent this will bring if it's true. "No, Dad, I'm not... It's real... what's wrong?" His innocent look of just wanting to make me happy makes me wish it wasn't true, makes me wish there wasn't a monster lurking in the dark hallways of millions of peoples' houses. "Daniel, I have to tell you something. The reason I worked so hard on those tapes is because they hold something that no one should see. *sigh* This is complicated. Let me start at the beginning." Cupping my head in my hands, I start. "Okay, so when I was in college, we did an experiment to test if there was a possibility of tying a bunch of random code to a transferable object, like a tape. We made a bunch of random code, tied it to a tape of random white noise, took the tape out, put it in a different computer, and searched for the code. Well, it worked. A little too well, may I say. We released the discovery to the college research site and... well, it was found by really screwed-up people. People who were crazy good at code and also psychopathic-serial killers. Basically, they made a horrible, worse-than-a-horror-movie monster that could be transported through a tape to its watcher, into real life through its computer, to kill its watcher and all of humanity. Fortunately, I eventually figured out a string of code that could bind it to itself, no longer allowing it to escape the tapes. But with the tapes now being digital, we're screwed. There are now millions of these monsters lurking in the world." His eyes, wider than I've ever seen them, now stared at the floor and his face held an "I fucked up" look. "Well, what do we do?" "Kill em all, and try to save as many as we can, I guess." At that very moment, I heard something rustling around in the kitchen. Edit: typos 