
When you bring up a legend, it's almost exclusively taking place in some distant, mythic past, where no one can really verify whether or not said shit actually occurred. If there's reliable primary sources, we usually call it history. Or, and this is much more common, from sources only a few decades older than said event. If it's just hearsay from two hundred years ago, it'll most likely be a mix of glorified bullshit and half-forgotten truths. Sometimes, though, what can sound like fantastical bullshit is in truth a warning. Cut to modern day. You can order a burrito, find an acceptable if temporary mate, and high quality toilet paper all with your phone. Fascinating stuff. If you're unfortunate enough to be elected president, or prime minister, or just your local warlord or whatever, you usually have access to more information than your average joe. In a certain country you'll find a certain book, and in this certain book are a long list of misdeeds and dirty secrets regarding the previous leadership. Who was sleeping with who, where the aliens are being kept, and who didn't actually commit suicide by shooting themselves twice in the back of the head. At the very front of that book, you'll find a prophecy. Personally, I think prophecies are bullshit. If I read a book and there's some purple prose about some chosen idiot, I'm most likely going to close that shit after page five. You've already spoiled the ending. I already know what's going to happen. In reality, that kind of thing can allow certain authorities to be prepared to handle things in a way that provide minimal consequences to the general public. After all, they've got work to do, and we don't need slobbering monstrosities slugging their way downtown and crashing into your local Asian-Fusion taco bar. It'd cut into the bottom line. Nobody's got time for that shit. So if you're aware of things that sleep beneath the waves in tombs of black stone and greasy red clay, good for you. Stay where you are. If you hear helicopters approaching your location, don't panic. Be a good boy and sit still. To those of you who aren't familiar, it's already too late to put on your tin foil hats and wait for the monsters to come. They're already gone. Dead. Forever. End of story. When they came slobbering and slithering out of their holes, we knew exactly where and when they'd come from. People much smarter than yours truly did their nerd shit and found coordinates, numbers, even specific monster types and what kinds of weaponry would counter them most effectively. I'm assuming when this prophecy was written, everyone was still swinging bronze swords and trapped in some distant river-valley trying to put together a civilization. If people were like that, then whatever trite and apocalyptic nonsense would probably come to pass. No cities were ground into the dirt. No peoples were exterminated from the face of the earth. No women and men and children mangled in their homes with things with long flat tongues slurping the marrow from their split bones. Instead, when they came to the surface, they got a little something special. Some *BRRRRRRRRRRRRRT.* How much of it? Well, the kind that requires a blank check, and little to no fiscal responsibility. When you unleash that kind of firepower on living things, you can quite literally grind them into a fleshy pulp. Sure, they consisted mostly of wet tentacles and sharp curved claws, but what they couldn't handle were a variety of bombardments from air, land and sea. I can recall watching some of the footage, and that grainy black and white shit you can see on youtube doesn't come close to the real thing. Most of that footage is made to look extra shitty on purpose. When the monsters from the dark came forth, they didn't even hear the shells and bullets being fired. Too far away. The sound doesn't travel fast enough, and most of them shredded to pieces, without knowing how or why. I suppose it must have been terrifying, but you're not going to see me weep any bitter tears. I just do my job. Doesn't matter what the target is, what they've done, or where they are. Apocalyptic horrors or just some random kid who happened to get on the wrong list. It's too late for you to see what or who they were, why they came, and how many were ground into something that resembles, and tastes like ground beef. I won't tell you what we did with the corpses specifically, but I'd avoid ordering a fast food burger for a few years. So, average citizen, you have nothing to worry about. Unless you manage to wind up on my list. But don't worry. You won't even hear the shot before it exits out the back of your skull. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato - For short stories by me. r/redditserials - For longer stories by me and other people. 