
The president felt foolish sitting at the table, staring at the menacing, multi-limbed, scaly creature in front of her, knowing what she had to say. *It's the only way,* the VP had insisted just moments earlier. *Don't forget that. Our analysts spent a week coming up with this.* "We would like to negotiate the surrender of Earth," the president began, slowly. "Just as long as you as you don't try to join the cool kids." *"What?" the alien communicated, telegraphing the words directly into the minds of the three world leaders sitting in front of it. "What does this mean?"* "You can have Earth. You can do what you want with our land, our resources, our people. Just don't ask to join the cool kids," the Chinese Premier said. *"What is this? 'Cool kids'?"* "It's a group you can't be a part of. You wouldn't understand," the New Soviet PM said with his trademark smug smile. "You're just a poopy head." *"What does this mean?!" the alien asked, its anger rattling the three leaders. But the humans hadn't gotten to where they were without nerves of steel, so they hid their emotions well.* "If you have to ask, you don't know. If you have to bully it out of us, you'll never know. It's just something that if you know, you know. And you can join. But if not, you just can't." - So the aliens did invade, a few days later. They entered and billeted themselves in homes all across the globe, from the Himalayas to the deserts of Namibia. Their very first question was almost always, what does 'the cool kids' mean? And as the humans were instructed to do, they shook their heads and insisted, if you have to ask, you don't know. And if you hurt us, you'll never know. The aliens were dumbfounded. The Prime Leader was particularly stuck by this riddle. He had considered torture or emotional extraction using the vast amounts of hardware at his disposal, but them the Premier's words returned to haunt him. What was this knowledge that seeming had no source? That just came without a question? It seemed to run counter to the very principles his civilization had been built on: dare to ask, and don't stop until you get an answer. But how did you get an answer without asking? - Finally, he gave up. The president was called for another meeting, and with the world watching, she was beamed up to the mothership. This time, there were no armed guards, and no torture devices. Just the Prime Leader, sitting, defeated, with a question. *"Please, just tell me."* "I can't do that," the president responded. *"Can you tell me why you can't do that?"* "Because we're not friends. It's something you only tell your friends." *"What is a friend? How do I become one?"* "Friends do things for each other. So you would have to do something for me, and I'll do something for you in return. That's how it works." *"What is it? I will grant your wish, if it is within my bounds to do so."* "Leave Earth, and never return. There are so many planets and species out there for you to colonize. Just leave ours alone. We promise we'll keep to ourselves." *The alien thought this over, and decided that in the end, knowledge was the most valuable commodity.* "All right. I will grant your request. Tomorrow, my soldiers will exit the homes of your civilians. Just please tell me." The president took a deep breath, and recited the answer her team had come up with. "To be a cool kid, you have to have swag." *"And what...is this swag?"* "Swagger. You've never heard of it?" *"No. What is it?"* The president shrugged, and smiled. The situation was going perfectly, the advantage swinging in the humans favor. "If you have to ask, you don't know. And if..." - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 