
Ikunna stretched her nine arms in unison, impatiently clicking her talons on a segment of her luxurious chair. She was impatient, and her underlings could tell. "Ikunna, I have the report you asked for," one of her underlings--a beta female by the name of Orphatrix--called. "You may not like--" *"Give,"* Ikunna commanded. Within seconds, the report was in one of her many arms. She glanced over at her partner, the alpha male Githuuz. Their joint rule would raise the poor bipeds up from their primitive state... and the Empire had granted the pair permission to rule as Deities Arisen on the planet. Ikunna eagerly flipped through the report. After a few long moments, Githuuz reached out one of his eight arms--he had lost one in the Battle of Zareth's Moon--and tapped her. "Dearest Ikunna," he started, "what does the report say?" Ikunna chirruped softly. "Not much--mostly just that a variety of satellites orbit the planet, and that they constantly emit various signals. The planet also displays constant light on its shadowed side..." She trailed off, nervous. The planet had only completed four-hundred revolutions around its lonely star since the last survey, and its natives were terribly short-lived. Githuuz scratched its secondary head's maw. "Perhaps another empire has discovered them," he mused. "If so, our first contact could grant us even greater status than merely Deities Arisen. Best to stay optimistic--after all, there's no way they've developed anything consistent with our gifts." He indicated the view-screen, the radio, and the network nodes on their shipping manifest. ~~~ The xauprii craft touched down in the designated landing zone. Its twin captains and its crew were nervous by now. Humanity, as the fledgling race called itself, had managed the creation of a global network--and view-screens, radios, and more--all independent of outside influence. They had even *communicated* with the xauprii before they thought they were within hailing range of the planet! Ikunna took charge once the landing was secure. "Honor guard, exit first--weapons ready. Demand their surrender." The tactic had worked before with species that developed faster than expected. It was standard protocol. Nine lieutenants readied their spears and charged their energy slings. Today, they would become gods. "We, the envoys of the eminent Xauprii Empire," one of her heralds began as Ikunna and Githuuz leaned closer to the view-screen, trying to take the measure of the small beings, "demand the immediate surrender of your planet to our empire. We are as gods before you, as we shall demonstrate with these gifts." The herald gestured to the items transmatted from the xauprii ship. It was hard to gauge the expressions of the natives, but Ikunna thought that they seemed... unimpressed. "Alpha One to command," one of their strange voices filtered through an unsecured radio channel, "I would advise that we not let the unidentified flying object leave the atmosphere. First contact indicates hostile intent. Over." One of the heralds heard this, as well: he began to fire his energy sling-- --and dropped dead, his body sprawling haphazardly under the weight of an unidentified weapon. The others panicked, charging their slings or throwing their spears, but they, too, were mowed down by the strange weapons possessed by the natives. The ship began readying for take off. Githuuz roared a command to cease, likely due to fear of the statement that these natives had said earlier, and the command bridge prepared for battle. They fought valiantly. They died the same way. The humans were more coordinated than any fighting force Ikunna and Githuuz had ever witnessed, as if instead of developing swift faster-than-light transport, they had spend their days finding new and more efficient ways to slay and protect oneself from being slain. The energy slings didn't even dent their helmets or their strange vests, so the xauprii had to resort to ambushes with spears. They made it to the command room all the same, and by then, the remaining xauprii had surrendered. As it turned out, faster-than-light travel was remarkably simple--and humanity, the xauprii discovered, were not unintelligent merely because their lives were short. In fact, they had reverse-engineered the ship's prized Graviton Drive within days of capturing the vessel. The Empire was about to learn a very, very harsh lesson. 