
"Bro, did you hear about that contortionist guy that made himself fit into a frying pan FILLED WITH KETCHUP?" My brother said as he runs up to me. I snort. "That's pretty good. You here about the one where the guy T-Posed for twenty-four hours straight on top of a crane while balancing a book on his head?" I say. He chuckles. Ever since some Amelia girl gained immortality by sticking a French Fry into her nose people have been trying all sorts of weird things in order to gain immortality. Personally, I wasn't a big fan of living forever, after all, you'd eventually live out all your loved ones, so what's the point? My brother, on the other hand, wanted really badly to be immortal. So, in secret from our parents and the world I've been trying to help him gain immortality. Let's just say, we're getting a little bit batshit crazy from the attempts. There was the tower jumping while wearing a foil hat attempt. The mud and ketchup eating attempt. We even tried dipping a phone into mustard and eating it! Nothing seemed to be working. "Hey, bro." My brother Dimitri snapped his fingers in front of my eyes, getting my head back to him. "Hey, Amelia!" He says, waving at a tired looking Amelia. He smiles at me, proud of himself for spotting her. I feel VERY confused until I realize that she must be that Amelia girl that had gained immortality. She spots us and waves back, looking exhausted and panicked at the same time. "Hey.." I say. She starts to looking increasingly panicky. "You seem tired, do you want a coffee? On me." I finish, deciding that noting who she is wasn't going to help her. Looking relieved, she nods her head. I buy her a cup of coffee and she sits next to us. "So.. how's the immortal life?" My brother asks dumbly. She chuckles a bit, sadly. "It's more tiring then you would think.." she trails off. "More and more people recognize me and I've sort of lost most of my friends.." she continues quietly. I nod sympathetically. Taking a sip, I gag. "Pfft- what is this bullshit!?" I yell. Standing up, I wipe my mouth. My brother starts cracking out laughing. "I put salt instead of sugar in your coffee when you weren't looking, brother." I wipe at my tongue, disgusted by the saltiness. Amelia laughs, seeming, for the first time, happy. I shake my head and sit down. Suddenly, I start to glow, faintly. Over the course of the next few minutes I glow even brighter. My brother gawks and Amelia looks at me sympathetically. "Seems you've become immortal, my friend." She says. "Oh, COME ON!" My brother and I yell at the same time. Edit: to the people getting on to me for the major plot hole: You are absolutely correct. I suppose you can think about it in your own way but truth be told I was just low on time and it got sloppy. Again, sorry. 