
The dew on the grass is beautiful this time of year. Damp and supple, almost like it breathes life into the world around it. A North Korean guard has his feet up on a seat, nestled within the inner perches of a Watchtower, dozing softly to the smooth sound of silence. A deep rumble snaps him awake. He rubs the sleep out of his eyes and gazes all around himself through the windows, to see nothing unusual in sight. But still, the rumble grows louder, and chants of war roar with it. The man stands and walks outside the small room to the railing, and stares south, holding his hand over his eyes to block the sun. Over the crest of the hill comes a battalion. A thousand men and women fitted to the brim with armor. A dozen more mounted on horses, greatswords gripped tightly in hand, and the American Flag adorned brightly on the metal hilts. He leans in closer to get a better look, but as he does, a stray arrow pierces his skull and knocks him off the tower. Eun Kim. Twenty-Three. Threatened with execution if Military Service was refused. The remaining guards see their fallen comrade and march to the arms cabinet. With strife burning through their souls, they clambered at guns, bullets, and knives. The necessary equipment required to massacre. They rush outside, sweat dripping down their faces. One of the Knights becomes filled with zealotry. He kicks the side of the horse to push it faster. It feels his passion and bolts forward, breaking away from the rest of the group. One of the guards breathes in lightly, lifts his gun, and places a bullet between the Knights eyes. Tom Baker. Thirty-One. Joined the Military because his father did, and his father before him, and now his fatherless son will too. The horse stumbles due to the force of a dead man collapsing sideways. The saddle pulls with his corpse and knocks the horse to the ground. The rest of the soldiers push past their fallen friend and begin their siege. They tear down the metal fence with their sharp blades, while archers in the back try to snipe out all the guards in the Watchtowers. A guard lifts his rifle to shoot, but it jams. The mechanisms lock in place and refuse to move. He drops the gun as a soldier moves towards him, broadsword in hand. With no hope left, he holds up his small knife and takes a swing. The soldier laughs softly to himself, before running the sword through his torso. Hoon Yi. Twenty-Seven. Parents were murdered, and he was forced into Military Service. Seeing his friend die, another guard aims his rifle and shoots. It goes through the cracks in the soldier's armor, and into the fleshy side of his torso. He reels in pain and grabs his side, before lifting his sword back up and stomping over to the terrified guard. He yells at the guard in English. The words lose all meaning to him, lost in translation, but still, he shakes in his spot and waits. "I will not go gentle into that good night!" The soldiers yells, over and over, as blood leaks out his side, faster with every second. The heavy armor slows his steps, his body grows weaker, and he crumbles to the ground, bleeding out. Monty McCabe. Nine-teen. Wanted to do his country proud. The guard continues to tremble. He can feel his nerves bite at him, his thoughts become plagued with doubt, and his hate for his country grows. He keeps himself quiet and scurries inside one of the nearby buildings. He slowly closes the door behind him and crawls under a desk. The savage commotion outside rages on. The sounds of bullet and blades meeting in carnage, so vile, echoes through the air until finally, silence. The guard crawls back from under the desk and stands. He looks outside the window to see the friends he once knew, dead. Slain in combat they never asked for. His attention moves from outside to the front of the room. A painting of Kim Jong Un sits on the wall. "I did what you asked of me," he whispers to himself, holding back tears. "I'm just a stranger to you." The sound of glass smashing was the last thing he heard, as an arrow impaled itself into the corner of his head. Yeong Pak. Twenty-two. Just wanted to eat. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Check out /r/Rhysyjay for other neat stuff. 