
It had been 3 sleep cycles since Sella's ship had docked with the cold station. 3 cycles since the sabotaged docking connection had sheered through the pressure lock of their ship. 3 cycles of hearing sounds in from between the hulls of the ship and seeing flashes of light, always just 1 turn away around a corner. At first they hadn't known who the station had been built by, then they had found a message scrolling across the main display in the station's central control in as many languages as the ships AI knew. AN EYE FOR AN EYE. The message hadn't made sense at first until they found another one scrawled on the floor of the mechanics shop: You won't be leaving here, not after what happened to my family. Half of the crew had fled to the nearest pressure lock and tried to contact the ship only to find all radio and light transmissions blocked. 3 cycles of running, first some of the crews suits had been compromised by traps on terminals and tools. Then we had to run from environmental controls gone seemingly haywire, cutting us off from any exit of the ship. Always moving inward to the reactor that should have been dead according to scans. It wasn't dead now, and standing in front of it was a human of all things. A race lauded for its ingenuity towards survival despite its soft and weak biology. 3 of our rest cycles come and gone with no chance to sleep or eat. 56 of this creatures standard hours, and there it stood with one hand hovering over a terminal my helmets ai told me was the reactor self destruction control, and the other holding a cannister of steaming liquid it was taking drinks out of between ravings of pirates and something called "vultures". It finishes in a shout and my suit feeds me the translation as wanting vengeance for his family unless we take him to the ones who killed her. As exhausted as my 3 remaining crew mates are we cannot provide an answer and slide to the flooring beside them, pulled down by the gentle spin gravity of the station. The humans hand moves and my suit notifies me the jamming is lifted and hes transmitting a recording of the events on the ship with 2 flags for me and my crew along with a 15 minute timer already counting down. The first flag is for a private message to any family or clan we may want to know, an oddly sensitive gesture considering what he's doing, and the second is for a message to our leaders so they can understand the danger of continuing to scavenge human equipment. I finish my messages with 15 seconds left in the timer and look up to see the human smiling sadly and holding what my suit tells me is a damaged children's toy. The last thing I see is the human reduced to superheated atoms a fraction of a second before the same happens to me. Please excuse any grammar or spelling errors, did this during a bit of downtime at work on my phone. 