
> Dear, Valor Man > I've been kidnapped, and need your help. I'm being held against my will in the Nefaro Tower. Please hurry! > Love, > Princess Ailyn <3 The wall exploded in a cloud of mortar dust. The entire building trembled. I added an extra heart before looking up from the letter. I popped it into the mailbox as I rose to my full height. "Stop right where you are, Dr. Devious!" said the young superhero. "Ah... Mr...." I cleared my throat and glanced at my cheat note. "Ah, Mr. Teen Speed! You've made a grave mistake, stumbling into my little abode!" I gave him a practiced maniacal cackle. "Tell me where Princess Ailyn is, right now, and I'll let you walk away with nothing worse than a few bruises." The masked boy puffed out his chest. "I'm going to count to three. One..." "Hah! That's the best you got? Preschool maths!?" The hero grumbled and stopped counting. In a flash he blazed across the room, grabbing me from behind. I struggled a little, just enough to make it convincing. "Arrgh! It seems you have me bested..." I grunted, putting on a strained face. "I knew you were powerful... uh, Teen Speed, but I had no idea just how!" "That's right, Dr. Devious! Now, hand her over." At that very moment, the door to my office opened and Ailyn trotted in, carrying the sandwich with extra salami that I had asked for. Her happy grin melted away. Her dark eyes narrowed, and she looked at me sideways. "Okay, listen to me really closely," I whispered in the hero's ear. "Before you touch her, check her clothes for concealed weapons and explosives. And whatever you do, don't look her in the eyes... and make sure you wash your hands after you're done rescuing her... and also make sure you take her really far away... and if she asks you to wear a kryptonite ring, refuse... and hmm... don't give her your real identity or social security number... I mean, I shouldn't have to tell you this, but just the other week-" "Shut up, you snake," the hero said and pushed me to the ground. He blazed over to Ailyn, who now brandished a worried frown and a trembling lip. Fake, of course, but Teen Speed didn't seem to notice. He smiled broadly and lifted her off the ground. She giggled childishly and put her arms around his neck. "Thank you for saving me!" she said, blushing deeply. "How will I ever repay you?" "Don't worry, darling, it's my job." "Aww! You're so brave! At least, let me give you this small token of my appreciation." She pouted her lips. "Noooo! Don't!" I cried, but it was already too late. The kiss drained the hero's face of color, he frothed at the mouth and then fell into a twitching heap on the floor. "We make such a good team!" Ailyn stepped over his body and helped me up. "You should've told me he was coming, it was just sheer luck that I had my poisonous lipstick on." I rolled my eyes and returned to my desk. I started composing another letter for help. Forging her handwriting had become second nature to me, and I meant every word in every letter. "Bury him in the backyard with the others," I mumbled. "Yes, honey!" She started dragging the body across the floor, which was no easy task for her, but one that she happily did for me. "Oh, by the way," she said, huffing, "look in the top drawer. I think you'll like it, I came up with the idea myself." Reluctantly, I reached under the table and pulled out a stack of stickers. "What are they?" "It's stickers that look like wall sockets! Let's take a trip to the airport tomorrow." I felt the muscles in my jaw clench. I shook my head in disbelief, feeling nauseous. Someone had to come save me from her, and soon! *** r/Lilwa_Dexel for more! 