
A flame-phoenix rose and swooped and squalled, before rising again and exploding in a thousand brilliant colours that drifted like confetti onto the crowd below. The man on stage, who had created the fantastical sky-art, raised his hand in salute and the crowd bellowed and cheered his name. How unfair, Eric thought, that no matter how hard he worked or read or studied, he would never be able to create magic. Not sky-art, not even a dancing flame on his finger. It wasn't that he needed the adulation -- although, a cheer, a slap on the back, a word of encouragement occasionally, would be nice. He simply wanted to create magic. To entertain. All his life he'd tried to find magic of his own. Looked for other ways to create it. But he'd never managed. Not truly. Eric rolled a coin across his fingers, from knuckle to knuckle, then reversed it. Back and forth like a pendulum. His lucky coin. Dad had given it him not long after the war had broken out, along with a dogeared hand-me-down book on coin tricks. True magic, his father said, doesn't harm people -- it heals them. Then the war, that lasted only a single month, took his father. Took millions more, besides. That was years ago now, after magic first leaked into the world. For good and for ill. At least Eric would speak no evil if another war ever broke out. So many people lived with regrets that anchored them to those terrible events. No wonder they needed shows like this -- to remind them of goodness. Of that innocence of being a child again. Or for some maybe, just to distract themselves from memories -- always there and as sharp as a dagger. "How are you doing that?" came a curious voice. Eric looked to find a young lady with flame red hair and eyes as green as spring. She was watching him pass the coin back and forth between his fingers. He glared, for a second, thinking her sarcastic. But she kept watching, her face screwed up in puzzlement -- as cute as it was curious -- and he wondered... could she possibly, really, be interested in this ordinary magic? He took a chance. Instead of berating her or turning away, he brought his hand to his stomach, closed his fist, then opened it. The lady stifled a laugh. "Where's it gone?!" Her eyes squinted as they met his, as if examining. "You didn't even say a word and you made it vanish. I would have heard!" He grinned as he held up his index finger to quieten her, then slowly brought his hand to her ear, finding the missing coin. A gasp was swallowed by laughter. "That's impossible," she said, as another display burst to life in the sky: a great zeppelin being tugged along by purple boats, their strange oars splashing into the evening itself. But unlike the rest of the crowd, she wasn't looking up. She was staring straight at him. How strange, Eric thought. "Show me another," she asked. "Please." At this, Eric frowned. He took a notebook out of his jacket pocket and scribbled: "Why?" She paused. Didn't comment on how he had written instead of spoken. Just said, "Because it's magical." "Tricks," he wrote. "It's just tricks." "Well then, there's a world's worth of magic in your tricks. What's your name?" He hesitated, but then scribbled it, followed by: "And yours?" "Lidia." Although he couldn't speak, he tasted the name on his tongue and found the syllables sweet. "So? Will you show me another?" Lidia asked, as a long green dragon rose high above the crowd. Oohs and ahhs followed its swishing tail, but Lidia and Eric didn't even notice; lost in far more ordinary magic. 