
There had been some good changes lately, and he dearly loved each and every one of them, from his new links to the girl scouts, to the pizza place he'd remodeled to finance some of the sketchier cash sources he'd been selling off to the others. "Boys," the don said, sweeping his arms out wide. "I think it's time we invested into some more legitimate business practices." The milling group of young adults in front of him, nervously looking at the maroon paint (the better to hide bloodstains with) and the leather couch made from an extinct leather of an animal that had died before any of them had been born (the don was proud of that one, having tanned it himself) looked back at him with the look that the extinct animal had given him seconds before the gun had gone off in his hands. Abject and pure confusion. "Legitimate?" One said. The don liked that one. Philosophy major. Willing to do the math to see if the enterprise they were running was running at it's most efficient. The Don liked efficiency. "Legitimate," The Don said, curling his lips into a grin. "Because you boys are the damnedest bunch of talents I've ever managed to accrue!" There was a flicker of tension through their ranks as if the compliment had come from the barrel of a gun instead of from between his pearly white teeth. "So here I was, looking at the lots of you, and I thought, Don, oh my lovely Don, how could we make this business even sweeter?" The pot had been made when he'd seen depressed college students milling around town, doing dead end jobs. He preferred them doing live jobs for him. The deal was made. "Why don't we start ourselves up a proper scholarship opportunity," The don said, beaming. "Cut out the middle man entirely, and breach directly into those loathsome fleas that were draining you lot dry!" The philosophy major quirked an eyebrow at him and adjusted his glasses, looking over the lot of them. "What sort of scholarships, Don?" "Community improvement scholarships," The boss said, not moving from his chair. "We just give money back to the neighborhood for upstanding right thinking gentlepersons who want to give to their community." "This doesn't have anything to do with the tax benefits from becoming a charity organization, does it?" said the sociology major in the back. He was normally not allowed to talk, because he tended to drift into the esoteric prospects, but he didn't need to stay on topic to paint fences and keep the neighborhood pretty, and his mouth was good for keeping police officers under the thumb of the don where they belonged properly. "Who says I have to do things for just one reason?" The don asked curiously. "Nobody boss," the rest replied. One elbowed the college student in the back. "So we'll form a charity that gives out scholarships, and absolutely nobody will be able to unseat me," The don said. "Dismissed, and Kenny," The sociology major started at the back of the ranks. "Yes boss?" "I got a platter of cookies for your mother. Tell her Jonny sent them, will you?" "Yes boss." ----- For more stories, go here https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ Comment and subscribe so I know to keep writing things, lovely friends! 