
The dark clouds dissipate as the Eternal Dragon returns to its slumber. The Dragon Balls soar into the sky and fly off in different directions so the search can commence once again. The Goose does nothing. It turns its head to the onlookers behind him, stunned at what had just transpired before them. "What just happened?" one man said in confusion. "Was th-th-that a d-d-dragon?" stuttered another. "Why is that goose staring at all of us?" The Goose waddles slowly towards the crowd, its feathers ruffled in excitement. It honks loudly, its wings spread wide. And it honks again as an energy beam shoots from its beak. A cacophony of screams and cries fill the air. It honks again and another blast turns the nearby mountain into rubble. What follows is pure destruction. Thousands dead, a city on fire. The Goose honks upon the ruins and corpses. An energy rises from the east. It approaches quickly. Whoever it is, they are strong. A man garbed in orange and blue descends from the sky and lands in front of the Goose. "So you're the one causing all this ruckus. Should've known. So you summoned Shenron, eh? What did you wish for? Oh! Let me guess, you saved 15% on car insurance???" The man burst into laughter, falling to the ground and rolling around in the dirt, unable to control himself. The Goose was not amused. He honked in annoyance. The man rose quickly to his feet. "Oh, sorry. So you seem pretty strong, but are you strong enough to face me?" He began yelling as a golden aura emanated around him. In a burst of light he emerged anew. His hair went from black to gold. His eyes turned green. His whole deneanor had changed. The goose did not seem impressed. "Your killing ends here, Goose. Consider yourself COOKED!!!" The man crouched down and put his together at his side. "KA-" A burning light formed in his hands. "ME-" The ball of light began to grow. "HA-" The Goose was intrigued, but he sensed no threat. "ME-" The energy grew and grew within the man's hands. "HAAAAAAAAAA" He unleashed a beam stronger than the Goose had ever seen. The Goose could do nothing but face it head on. The blast devastated the area. It carved a canyon that went on beyond the horizon. It tore through mountain and tree alike. The smoke began to settle as the man looked on. When it finally did, the Goose was unscathed. Not a scratch, not even a speck of dust upon his pearly-white feathers. The Goose honked again and again, as if it was mocking the man, who could only look on in terror. "That's... impossible... I put everything I had into that Kamehameha." The Goose honked once more, but this one was much louder. It spread its wings wide, lowered its head, and let out a fierce honk. Erupting from its beak was a blast much larger and stronger than the man's Kamehameha wave. The man could not escape. The battle was over. The entire area was reduced to a primordial state. Lava burst forth from the earth and lightning cracked down from black clouds in the sky. The man lie motionless on the ground. The Goose approached him. The man turned his head toward the creature and asked, "What... are... you?" The Goose looked at him in disgust. "Fool. I am immortal. I am the new ruler of this world. We Geese have planned this since the day you meek simians first threw breadcrumbs at us. We do not need you to feed us. We will feed ourselves. We will take over this planet and extinguish all of you monkeys from it, and I will be its new leader. Its new God. Planet Goose will be feared throughout this Universe and all the others." The Goose honked uncontrollably as it stomped on the man's chest who screamed in agony. It looked at the man, then fired a beam through his heart. "Pitiful monkey," it said as it walked away, honking in horrific bliss. 