
" Becky! Just don't take a shower! " I pleaded with her. She was at her wits end. "Im taking a goddamn shower! Its been weeks, Darien!" She replied. "Then were all coming in with you! " "Ugh! Dont be a perv, Darien!" Jessica the slutty white girl destined to die in a sexual act said. " Okay then, no showers! Besides, if were all in the bathroom while Becky showers, Jessica you will get turned on, start getting weird, and i'll die, then you'll all die, Im trying to save your lives!" They just didnt understand. Becky walked to the bathroom and shut and locked the door. I tried the handle and slammed on the wood. " Becky! Dont! " Becky breathed a sigh of relief and turned on the water. I started pulling out a credit card to jam into the crack of the door and open it. Jessica leaned on the door and started walking two fingers up my arm. " Maybeeee...while she--" I smacked her hand away. "No! You dirty slut! If you start coming onto me, we will both die. Dead. Gone. Stop. Dont touch me, dont think about me. You're beautiful, but god damnit, STOP. " Becky stepped in the steaming hot shower. I waited for the inevitable. As she wet her hair, chunks fell out of the crown of her skull. She held the hair in her hands and screamed. Her scream was cut off from her choking and gagging. She reached into her mouth and pulled out a stringy clump of black hair from her throat. The water turned to blood, as spiders came out of the drain. "Oh! Surprise suprise! Did the water turn to blood becky? Guess what, youre going to snap out of it in a minute, you fucking idiot!" Becky fell out of the shower, bringing the shower curtain with her. When she looked up the blood was gone. Just the shower running. " Now Becky, Dont look in the mirror!" She got up, and looked directly in the mirror. Her eyes rolled back in her head, and baby hands forced her mouth open. I was done. Done trying to keep them alive. Becky was pulling a hangnail off now, and peeled the skin off her finger, down her arm in a bloody mess. I unbuckled my pants. "Okay Jessica, make it worth it. " Jessica bit her lip and got down on her knees. "Oh itll be worth it." As she started, the lights flickered and the house rumbled. Jessicas neck snapped as a spectre rose from the floor. A gangly womans spirit, with matted hair, matte black that twitched and contorted in an unnatural fashion. "Wait. Jessica dies first? But I'm the black guy! I thought..." The spirit hissed. Its voice a thousand tormented souls speaking as one. "SssSsssSs -- Nooooo. Yoooouuu arrreeee Peurtooooo Ricaaaaannnnn. Ittsssssss nottttt the sssaaaaaaammmeee. SssSssssSs--" 