
I'd like to think of myself as a more refined breed of monster. Oh sure, I consume humans to feed myself and sate my bloodlust, the same as many varieties of ghost, ghoul, and horror before me. But I truly *do* consider myself a more civilized sort. My feedings take place over the course of months, and my victims are always kept perfectly comfortable and pain free as I slowly devour them. That refinement did come with a notable downside: a rather startling lack of notoriety or fame. My kind had been too quiet and efficient to ever have been the subject of tale tales, myths or legends. I knew I'd never be featured in a horror movie or monster manual, despite my frankly impressive number of victims. Making matters worse, my slow, meticulous devouring process meant that my exceedingly bored victims had plenty of time to ponder the nature of my existence... and to ask *far* too many questions. "Zombie! You're a zombie aren't you?" A heavy sigh escaped several of my mouths. "No again. No forever, Thomas. I am not a zombie. You can stop guessing entirely. You're never going to get it right." "I didn't mean to insult you, you've just got the whole 'decaying skin' thing going on so my brain went right to zombie, my apologies," Tom replied. "But you *are* some kind of undead being though, right? I mean you've got the extra arms and appendages attached to your rotting flesh, and- Oh! Are you an abomination? Stitched together from the corpses of dozens of other creatures?!" *"Pardon me?* You believe that I appear 'stitched together'? "Well, yeah? I mean, you haven't noticed you're a little... asymmetrical? You've got some pretty random arrangements of body parts strewn across your exterior. Like, you've got dozens of arm and leg looking things, but no two are remotely the same size or shape. Some of it I don't even know what to call, like what the hell is on the end of your third from the bottom arm-like thing?" "My genitals," I said matter of factly. "What?! For real?" "Yes, and I'll thank *you* not to stare! My many hundreds of eyes are up here, fella." "Sorry, I'll try to be a gentleman, but you should maybe invest in some like... arm underwear?" "I'll keep an eye out for a Victoria's Secret sale. Do you think they carry my size?" I asked sarcastically. "Well, they are running a new 'no body shaming' ad campaign and social media push. Your 'body' could really put their new feel-good corporate philosophy to the test!" "Rude," I muttered. "You never answered my question by the way! Which I assume means I finally got it right, abomination?" "No, and frankly I cannot conceive of a more derogatory nomenclature for you to assign to me. I find myself vaguely insulted! Now hold still please, I'm still drinking," I said as I reattached the smallest of my back-mouth's to his leg. "Drinking... drinking *blood*... you're drinking my blood! You have been for weeks! Vampire! You don't look it, but you're clearly some new evolution of Vampire! You survive by drinking blood! How could I have missed such an easy guess?" "I'm afraid not, the blood simply keeps me hydrated. I cannot survive on an all liquid diet like those pale, fanged freaks can. I shall consume and digest your flesh and bone at the end of our time together, a few months from now," I said nonchalantly. "Dammit," he muttered. "Oh, oh Thomas... Tom... Tommykins! I'm *so very* genuinely sorry for bringing up 'the end' like that. I strive so very diligently to keep my victim's minds off their slow, inexorable march toward their impending demise. That's the only reason I paid for the satellite TV hookup in my lair! You believe me when I tell you I wasn't saying that to mentally torment you, don't you, my dear Thomas?" "Wha? Huh? Oh, I wasn't talking about that. I reached the 'acceptance stage' regarding my fate a couple weeks ago now. No I meant, 'Damnit! If not a vampire then what the heck are you?!'" I groaned deeply, I couldn't take any more of this. "I'm a... Chupacabra! Are you happy now?" "Ahhhh, of course! A Chupacabra, I shoulda known!" He was delighted by his new 'knowledge', but I was rather brazenly lying through my thousands of trapezoidal teeth. I wasn't a Chupacabra, but I knew that no one in this region of the world would know what the devil a Chupacabra *actually was*. It served as a great misdirecting answer to shut them up if their questioning became too burdensome. "Tom, please don't tell the others though. My identity is *our* little secret, alright?" "Ha! You got it, Choop!" he said with a smile. "I always knew I was your favorite!" I winked toward him with roughly thirty of my eyes. With Thomas satisfied, I began slowly rolling my mass of melted, roiling flesh out the door and towards the next guest's room. ___ Feel free to take your many hundreds of eyes over to r/Ryter if you'd like to read more stories from me, a human writer who is totally *not* a Chupacabra in disguise 