
On the 12th of May, the sky turned white. From high above, the Hymir dropped *something* down on top of us. Something big and brutal and absolute. It wiped away Iceland, turned seemingly half the Norwegian Sea into vapor, and left unimaginable devastation from Greenland to the shores of Germany and everywhere in between. And that was simply their opening salvo. It was over before it started. We were simply no match. We had tried to be friends - at least, the best that man can do at friendship. For two years the Hymir ships sat above the Earth, orbiting on high, casting strange, sinister shadows, and ignoring our every attempt at communication. We had nukes on alert every day, but never any real intention of firing them. We were hopeful. We thought this was a courtship. Instead, I suppose it was an examination. Which we failed. How we failed is a mystery even today. We sent up messages in every language conceivable. We heard their chatter, though it took ages to make sense of even the smallest fraction of it. And even then, we didn't *really* think we'd cracked it. After all, the things they were saying... We waited. We had no choice, really. We did send ships into orbit, but the Hymir ignored those, too. No aggression. No compassion. No interest. No nothing. On the 12th of May, we found out what we'd been waiting for. There were seven strikes after that first attack. No pattern. No urgency. And no request to talk. There was no option to surrender. They were simply picking us apart at the seams...slowly. Like a cat, toying with a mouse. The effect was profound. People died because of the blasts, and then they died because of the fear. Hopelessness set in quickly. They were pulling at the loose strings of our faith and courage and we came apart so easily. It wasn't like any kind of movie I'd ever seen before. We cowered. And wept. And *died.* But then they stopped. And then there was nothing. For the longest time, there was nothing. Until they called to us at last. It turns out they had learned American Sign Language early on, when we were desperately throwing the entirety of our knowledge at them. They just hadn't wanted to talk then. They sent two down to talk with us. They were killed immediately. Not by diplomats or what was left of any government. Just people. Regular citizens. I can't say I blamed them. Fortunately, neither did the Hymir. They came again, in the same number. They landed in Angola. UN representatives met them there. They had a discussion. Then they left. The UN representatives struggled to explain what had happened. But this is what we know. After the eighth attack, the Hymir sent down scouts. We never saw them or had any idea they were here. They pulled massive amounts of data. They scanned every surface inch of our world. And inside a handful of science museums across the world, they found themselves. They had started here. That's what they told us. This world - Earth - had been their home. And then they had been given a choice. A being "made of light bending through a pool of water" came down from the sky and offered them a choice - to stay or to leave. To stay and die. To leave and live. Some stayed. Some left. The ones that left became the Hymir, but only later and only through a great many trials. They learned what the strange being sought to teach them. They became space-faring. They became terrible and violent and cursed. But that was not the story they wished to tell that day. That day they only wished to explain that they had made a mistake. "We identified you as usurpers," they said. But they were wrong. We did not yet exist when their ancestors were buried within the crust. We have done many wicked things - many that the Hymir had observed firsthand during their time in orbit - but we had not done *that*. They had been wrong. There was no revenge to take. The being made of light bending through a pool of water had told them truly. To stay was to die. They had chosen correctly. Their ancestors had not. They didn't apologize. That is perhaps not a thing the Hymir were ever capable of. But they wanted to explain. They wanted us to know. That knowledge didn't heal us, of course. It didn't rebuild cities or raise the dead. But it was important to know all the same. It was important to remember that not all horror is senseless. Things happen for a reason - even if that reason is sometimes a mistake. I suppose that's why we celebrate May 12th now. It was the day our eyes opened. It was the day we stopped taking our strength for granted. Because we *weren't* strong - not in the way we'd always believed. We were weak. We were conquerable. The Hymir made a mistake all those years ago when they sought revenge against the wrong enemy. Mistakes happen. The Hymir made their second mistake when they crippled us, burned us, murdered us, ruined us...but left us alive. The Hymir made their final mistake when they refused to say they were sorry. Some mistakes *aren't* an accident. And some can never be forgiven. 