
Three things contributed to Elizabeth Penigree dancing down the cobbled street, through the peppery rain and silver September evening, telling all who cared to listen that she was rich; the tumour was only one of those things, and it was the one she did not know about. Of course, she felt the headaches -- how could she not? The migraines had only tiptoed in their monthly rehearsals the previous year, but now they stomped almost weekly, thundering forward toward their finale. Their curtain call. *Lonesome pains*, the orphanage owner had told her. No need for a doctor to get involved. They'd go away when she finally found a family. When a family found her. Today was that day -- and it was the second reason for her dancing down that weathered street under the paper clouds and candle sun. She'd been *found.* And the finders couldn't have been more perfect. The lady had huge, kind eyes. Not beady or grey, like of those who ran the orphanage -- but fading autumn green; welcoming, like the wavy shore of the sea calling her to come dip her feet. Not that she had seen the sea. Oh and the man! He had smiled at her. No man had ever smiled at her like that. Like they'd meant it. The scars she felt inside of her -- that she'd always felt inside of her, had been suddenly coated by something sweet. Treacle, she pondered. At the very least, by something hopeful. They could have had any of the children. But they'd chosen her. Elizabeth. There were papers to sign and dots to dot, crosses to cross. But they said they would be back tomorrow, and then she would be leaving with them. She could hardly stop her feet from fidgeting upon hearing those words, but she showed restraint for a little longer -- that's what people looked for in a child: restraint -- and she waited until they had left before moving. She scrambled to the front door after they closed it, and pressed her ear firm against the oak, waiting for the rumble of the automobile to die away as the evening wind. Then, she snuck out. She hadn't gone very far at all when she'd found the silver coin on the side of the pavement, a glimmer of light beneath a crumbling leaf. The third and final reason. A sign from God of how her life was changing -- she would tell all who would listen of her good fortune. And so the richest girl in the world danced through the peppery rain, through the satin September evening -- until the lonesome headache began, for the final time. She stumbled on the pavement, and almost fell. Why, she wondered, as the dancers in her head began to stomp, why was it hurting still? Perhaps it wouldn't stop until she was living with her finders. She bit down on her tongue for distraction -- nothing would ruin her perfect today. She continued down the street, not noticing how cold her feet were against the cobblestone, or how numb and disobedient her limbs had become. She chose not to see the black dots that clouded her precious evening. The curtain call arrived with a cacophony of applause. A rapturous rupture. The red of a liquid rose trickled from her nose. She fell onto the street, her head bouncing like a rubber ball with a hiss of air as it slowly deflated. The coin escaped her hand as her fingers peeled open, and rolled behind her, back toward the orphanage. People crowded about her as the blood pooled. Virgin red dying dirty grey. *Are you okay, girl?* came a man's voice. *Get a doctor,* said another. *Poor lass,* cooed a woman. Poor? Couldn't they see? *I'm not poor,* Elizabeth tried to explain, *not any longer* -- but her lips only managed a crooked smile. --- Thank you for reading. More on /r/nickofnight 