
"Everything set for landing?" I chuckled. I always got a laugh out of talking to myself on this solitary spaceship. I hadn't always been alone but... Well, you know. Shit happens, as the saying goes. I'd have to teach those Earthlings what the hip space travelers were saying these days. "All set," I responded to myself. Earth grew rapidly as I approached. It was more populated than the reports had said it would be. Beautiful cities appeared, labeled by my trustworthy Informational Device; Detroit, Gary, Flint. I knew I would be greeted with skepticism at first, as a prophet bringing forth the future always was, but the incredible technology I would offer those people would surely win them over. The Talking Box and the Image Viewer and the Creator of Pictures. I would introduce them to the future, one advancement at a time. I landed where I think a war had happened. My Informational Device had mentioned some wars with the continental natives but this seemed more like the ruins of a once prosperous nation. I was impressed, to say the least. I knew the Maya and Incans had built mighty cities but I did not expect too much from the local tribes. The natives must have won. They stalked around the streets with their shirts off and wrapped around their heads and touted old pistols they had pilfered from a colonist. Just like expected. "Children of the Earth," I bellowed to them as I stepped out of my spaceship. They looked at me like I was crazy. I'm not. I couldn't wait until I saw their faces once I started to show and tell. "I have come to deliver you to the future." "Gonna deliver yo' ass to the grass, bitch," one of the youths yelled back at me. I chuckled. Such crude humor was to be expected from such a technologically primitive people. "I have here a..." I let the suspense build for a second as I reached into my bag of gadgets. A crowd had gathered and I basked in the company of this antiquated people. "A Talking Box!" I exclaimed, pulling it out and turning it on. I turned the knobs and the box began to talk. They gawked at me. I loved the reactions on their stunned faces as they got a glimpse of the advancements I had to offer. "You call it what?" "A Talking Box, my curious friend," I responded. "I ain't yo' friend, bitch. That's a fuckin' radio." My technology was advanced, but my local lingo not so much. I took bitch to be endearing since the family she-dog could still be a man's most trusted friend. "Pretty rad, I know!" They stared at each other. The look of awe on those native faces filled me with wondrous joy. I often imagined what it would have been like to see my child grow up. Alas, food had run short over the course of my trip. "Next I have a Creator of Pictures," I exclaimed, pulling out the next device. I pointed it towards their shocked faces and pressed the button and a moment later the picture was delivered into my hand. "A fuckin' Polaroid," one of them said. They shook their heads. Such surprise was well worth the journey. "Let me shoot him," another said. I smiled. They wanted to learn, such curious minds they had. I walked towards them, Creator of Pictures held out in my hand. "Here, shoot me," I encouraged with a loving look. "I don't need that. I got this," he responded lifting the pistol-like device he must have gotten from a colonist. The countless things I could teach them flashed through my mind. The technologies. The recipes. The drugs. The memes. I'm in danger. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 