
The blood-red fabric stuck out like a sore thumb against the rusty orange of the martian rocks. I wheeled the rover a bit closer to the object and chipped away at the cliff face until it came free: a flag. Frayed and worn, but a flag nonetheless. It was emblazoned with "SPQR," and below that was the figure of a wolf with two twins suckling at her teats. Being a xenobiology major, I hadn't exactly taken too many history classes. But I certainly remembered enough to recognize the seal of ancient Rome. "Well I'll be damned," I whispered to myself. But I should have remembered that Mission Control is always listening. "What is it, Major?" the voice came crackling through the comms. I snapped on the camera and held the flag up against the dull greyish sky so that they could see it more clearly. I didn't really need to comment on it; the image of it made everything pretty obvious. They were silent for longer than I expected. "You seeing this clearly?" I told them. The question was part making sure that the systems were working, and part confirming that this wasn't a mirage or some kind of 'space madness.' We'd always *joked* about it on the way over here from Earth, but you never know... "Copy," the voice said after a moment or two. "Looks like the real deal, don't you think? Let's bring it back home for a closer look." I smiled. "Definitely." Everyone back at the colony would certainly be interested in seeing this. I bundled the flag up carefully, made a notation in my log so that I could easily identify the spot, and then headed back home. ------ Commander Hammon was waiting at the top of the ridge for me as soon as I came in. "Well?" he said as soon as I came into voice range. "Mission Control said you found something odd while out scouting the dig site? Let's see it." I brought out the flag and sat down next to him overlooking the dig site. He picked it up and held it aloft just like I'd done for the camera. He studied it for a moment, tracing the gold lettering with his fingers as if he could feel the fabric with his gloves. "Sloppy," he finally said. "Real sloppy. They even used *synthetic fabrics!*" I laughed. "Yeah. Not to mention the metal rings aren't even tarnished." I pointed to the part of the flag where you'd hook it to a pole. "Just lazy work. No attention to detail." Commander clicked on his comms. "Mission Control, this is Eagle 20 Commander Hammon," he said. "Reading you," Mission Control answered. "Any new information on that flag?" "Yeah," Commander Hammon answered. "Tell Commander Appelli that he and the boys from Eagle 19 did a pretty sloppy job. Next time you carry props between *planets*, at least make sure they're *believable!*" In the background, we could hear everyone in Mission Control laughing. Commander Appelli's hearty bellows were probably the most notable of all. Commander Hammon shut off his comms and looked at the flag again, still smiling. "Amateurs. I'm hanging it up on the habitat." He folded the flag and then elbowed me. "So?" he nodded down toward the dig crater. "How's it look?" I surveyed the half-buried "Alien Spaceship" that we were planting for Eagle 21 at the site of *their* farming fields. "It's gotta be *fully* buried," I reminded Hammon. "That's why it couldn't be seen in satelite surveillance. And it needs more burn marks on the hulll; we've got to make it really look like a crash landing. We don't want to be sloppy like Eagle 19, do we?" "Good point," Hammon said. Then he turned the comms back on and broadcast down to everyone working on planting the 'flying saucer': "Hey, before we finish burying the hull, let's add some more scorch marks, ok?" ----- As always, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for new stories every day! 