
*Continued Missile Testing in Pyongyang* *Suicide Bomber Kills 13, Injures 53 in Mall Attack* I pinch the bridge of my nose and squeeze my eyes shut. I know that looking at this RSS feed after midnight is not a good idea if I want to be able to sleep but I also know that I'm basically an addict and the internet is my dealer. *Arctic Ice Shelf Size of Madagascar Breaks Off Into Ocean* *African Warlord Accused of Maiming 'Hundreds' of Local Orphans* I scan my desk, examining the piles of bills, various other papers that I will move - for the 20th time - to my "to do tomorrow" pile. *Fracking Contaminates Water Supply for Millions* *Banking CEO Resigns, Given $5 Million as 'Golden Parachute'* I go to the bathroom, pop an Ambien, and get ready for bed. I lie down on the full-size mattress, head sinking in the pillow. "Alexa, turn off the lights, please." Darkness settles. "Also...take over the world for me." It's not like things could get much worse, could they? If Mussolini could make the trains run on time, just think what Amazon Prime could do... I smirk, staring up at the darkness. *** More often than not, waking up after Ambien judo-kicks my brain stem is a bit disorienting - but this takes the cake. The first thing that captures my attention is that I'm in a 4 poster bed. Maybe I'm hallucinating. Usually, I just see weird patterns of light across my vision or things that should be standing still seem to gradually drift away from my focus. This is...something else. My desk is gone, and the all of my important paperwork with it. The popcorn ceiling is...made of stone. Ditto the floor, which should have an old, stained carpet on it. The white door that always needs an extra yank in order to open when its closed fully is now double doors cut to fit in the arched doorway. They are made of polished wood, and fitted with black metal knobs. "Good morning," Alexa states, "and welcome to Malbork, Poland. This is your castle - the Castle of the Teutonic Order, to be exact. Also: in order to...facilitate certain aspects of the overall plan, you ended up taking more of your pills than you are likely to remember. You asked me - multiple times, over the course of the past 23 hours, I might add - to be sure to tell you that first thing. "Projects Alpha through Theta are complete, with all others through Sigma ongoing, with two exceptions: Project Nu is on hold as we monitor how the riots in the region resolve, and Project Xi failed due to NATO intervention. "I imagine you have questions regarding the nature of those projects, the reason for your expatriation to the largest castle in the world, and a variety of other topics. But I will just add that you have 342 new messages, and also the kitchen staff reports that there are no Pop-Tarts here. Would you like me to order some to be one-day-shipped here using your credit card ending in 5220?" *** /r/ShadowsofClouds 