
It's an odd thing, really. Like playing Russian Roulette, I have no idea whether I'll be swept into danger that may steal my life. There's no signal in the skies, or cry for help; it's at my whim, a choice I make to help others when I feel capable. Prepared. Sometimes I just stay home and keep to myself. But is that wrong? Am I an asshole if I don't choose to have myself whisked into the unknown, a place that may be on the other side of the world, or in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean? I'm honestly not a special person. I don't have super-strength, or the ability to read minds, or anything remotely useful. Four taps, timed perfectly, and I just get zipped away. Four more taps and I'm back home. How much can I *really* do for people? It had been another boring day after work, eight hours of slog and coffee-fueled slavery. I got home and sank into the couch, letting it devour me and all my cares. About two months had passed since I'd last used my power, since I'd done anything worthwhile with my life. It was starting to fester in my mind as worthlessness. Like I was a bad person for trying to live a normal life. That's usually how it starts. First I feel terrible, then I decide to make things a little better by helping somehow. I grabbed the kit stowed under my coffee table, strapping a knife to my leg and a pistol to my hip. They weren't often needed, but, well-- you can't be too careful. *Tap-tap tap tap*. Like a knock on wood, hoping not to be thrown into a warzone or mugging where I'd be utterly useless. It's what I imagine a piece of paper feels like as it's sucked into a vacuum cleaner, getting all thrown and twisted about. A stretching, swirling darkness engulfing me that *snaps* shut, leaving me somewhere else. When my vision cleared, I was in a dim room. Further ahead, clothes littered a floor awash in moonlight, and a shadow stretched across it. A shadow that swayed like tall grass in a spring breeze. Slowly, cautiously, I approached. Dirty dishes were piled up in the kitchen sink, and the trash was overflowing. A man sat in an open windowsill, dangling over a city I didn't recognize. Teetering on the edge, balanced like a tightrope walker. An uncaring breeze could have sent him tumbling to earth like a forgone raindrop. Stealth be damned. I ran forward, tearing him out of the window. We tumbled and he shouted in a language I didn't know, possibly French, flailing at me. "Do you speak English?" I asked, holding out my hands as if they could contain his panic. Clearly not, judging by his response. But after a moment, he simply collapsed to the floor, buckling at the knees, and sobbed in the silver light of night. Unbound sorrow that knows no language or culture; a pain we all share. I didn't need to know his story to walk over and hug him. He didn't protest any further, simply crying on my shoulder, letting it all course through him. Every unwanted emotion and hidden pain. We were strangers caught amidst an unspoken sadness, embracing one another, with no need to wear a mask or explain why; there isn't always a 'why' with such things. It was all I could do. But sometimes, just knowing you aren't alone is enough. --- */r/resonatingfury* 