
"Deliverance at last," the old man gets to his feet slowly as if his joints are aching. There is nothing in his cell. No bed, no chair, no book, no food. Nothing. "I've been waiting for someone to come rescue me for the past many days. I haven't slept or eaten a single thing since I was put down here." I nod uncommittedly. In the cell next to the old man, a hellhound bares its black teeth at me in a silent snarl. I'm still taken aback by it all. A week ago I worked in an office selling printer supplies. "You must help me," the old man says in a feeble and pitiful voice. "I'm not supposed to be down here." I never really knew my grandfather. He was a stern man and it was only on rare occasions I saw a smile lighten up the grave features of his stoic face. He was also a tall man and broad too. A mountain of a man. As a child I was afraid of him. I remember one time when my mother and I visited him. I must have been seven or eight years old. He had made dinner for us and it was all very lovely but as soon as my mother went to the bathroom and left me alone with my grandfather I started to cry. Not because anything happened. Just because I was a child and the old man scared me. "I'm so glad you've come," the old man says and nods to himself. Once you get me out of here, I will reward you handsomely. You can rest assured." I was my grandfather's only living heir and so he left me everything. It was last Wednesday that I got the call. The estate lawyer spoke slowly and solemnly on the phone but all I understood was that I was now the last of my line. I officially had no family left. Not that I had seen my grandfather in many years. In fact, I hadn't seen him since my mother's funeral. It was not until the following Friday and a second phone call from the estate lawyer that I understood that I was suddenly quite wealthy. A surreal feeling for someone used to living paycheck to paycheck. The surrealism of sudden wealth, however, was soon put into stark relief by the detailed instructions my grandfather had had put under seal for me to receive upon his death. At first I thought it was a joke of some sort. A morbid prank. But as I ventured down into the basement of my grandfather's vast mansion, unlocking one heavy door after the other, my heart pounding in my chest, I found that I was not the victim of some cruel lawyer's twisted sense of humor. If only that. "Tell me your desire and you shall have it," the old man smiles at me. His teeth are yellow and pointy. "Tell me and I shall deliver." What I desire most, is to have my mother back. She died too young. It wasn't fair. Why my grandfather wouldn't help her with her medical bills I'll never understand. In my head I toy with the idea of ignoring my grandfather's instructions. I don't owe him anything. "I can deliver upon even unnatural desires," the old man licks his lips. His tongue is long, too long. "Such terrible things you grandfather keeps down here. I will have nightmares for many nights to come once I'm free," the old man smiles again. I can feel the small hairs on the back of my neck stand up." "How do you know, who I am?" The smile on the old man's vanishes. For a brief moment he looks like an animal caught in the headlights. "Who else would you be?" he tries. "Why are you down here?" I ask but I already think I know the answer. "Your grandfather made a mistake," the old man's eyes probes me. I shudder under his gaze. "He mistook me for something -someone that I am not." "I don't think my grandfather made many mistakes," I say "at least no when it came to his ... tasks." "You will release me!" The old man's voice is no longer feeble and pitiful. Instead it has become overpowering and deep." I involuntarily step backwards. "I don't think I will." "Release me child or feel my wrath," the whole of the old man's body convulses. In my pocket I find ablittle note I have scribbled down. "I am the abyss and you will bow before my darkness." With a shaky voice I read aloud the incantation, I have copied down from one of the many books I found in my grandfather's safe. "Ego daemonium ligabunt te in lucem!" I point at the nightmarish creature that have appeared in the cell before me. White light shoot out of my fingers and snakes around the creature, shackling it to the ground. The creature growls and struggles violently but in vain. The hellhound in the next cell over whimpers and retreats into the corner of its cell, looking at me with fear in its red eyes. "I think, I'm going to be good at this," I say to no one in particular and put my little note down in my pocket, next to all the other little notes I've made on scrapes of paper, before I continue on down along the rows of cells filled with weird creatures of the night. ----------------------------------------- Check out u/norntree for more stories. 