
"Lazarus, come out." That was the start of the best day of my life. Such a funny phrase. It sounds so happy, but in reality, it's all down hill from there. Everyone was in awe when I hopped out. They unwrapped me in awe and bowed before him. Maybe it was the rush of people. Maybe it was all he could do. Maybe he just forgot. I don't know why. All I know is, when Jesus called me out of that cave, he brought me back from death. I also know, he got some of the details wrong. At first I thought I was just cursed with luck. It was so easy to die so young in those days, I didn't realize the truth right away. I can't die. I could tell you of the heartbreak of watching generations of my decendants die, but that isn't the true curse. You see, the human body isn't meant to live forever. Not everything has enough fuel in the tank. Not enough storage. Not enough data. My first clue to my immortal came after watching one of my grandchildren die in childbirth. It hit me then. I was the first person to have to say goodbye to someone so much younger than they since Moses. Moses lived for 600 years, so the Book said, but my faith in that story died long ago. You see Moses didn't say anything about forgetting his child. He didn't say anything about how your stomach can run out of acid. Not a word about how to eat when your teath are worn back into the gums. Believe me, I looked. Moses wouldn't have had to deal with the worst of it though. The biggest problem comes when your DNA starts forgetting things. You see, Jesus made sure my body would keep fixing the stuff on the outside. Wanted to make sure I looked good for the painters I suppose. So for a while I fought in wars, or for a good cause, or just to try new ways to die. Living hungry with a full stomach makes you wish you could die more than a lot of things. Nothing tops the DNA though. Did you know, after 728 years your DNA loses the recipe for nails and hair. Yeah, and that's not even the worst of it. The fluid in your eye, no more of that after 800 or so years. You'd think this would scare me right? I'm slowly losing bits of myself, but no. This might just be a way out. How naive I was. There is one thing that lasts. The one thing that is almost never replaced. Bone. Bone lasts millennia. So here I sit. Lazarus, the immortal. Resurrected by Jesus himself. Lying once again in a tomb after being found by a good Samaritan and buried by the state. Nothing but bones and a bit of odd grey matter. Remembering what was important. Remembering what I can, and throwing the rest out. You see, some time ago, how long wasn't important, my DNA forgot the recipe for brain matter. Will that mean death? Death at last? Probably not. More likely, I'll just forget what's left. A soul looking out through empty eyes with no memory of the past. Knowing only the moment. That's a sort of death I suppose. At least it's the best I'll get. I wish I had never heard those words. What were they again? Well, I suppose it doesn't really matter. 