
*Here lies Albus Dumbledore, who loved Hogwarton.* The gravestone lay tucked away in a small corner of the cemetery, not yet worn by time, small and unobtrusive. A light soft rain kissed the old gray stones scattered around the burial grounds of Hogwarton Institute for Mental Recovery. Two men dressed in somber black coats stood before the headstone of the deceased caretaker. The shorter man knelt to lay a faded slip of a willow branch in front of the grave with great reverence. "He never lost patience with me," Harry Potter reflected aloud, "even on my worst days. Hogwarton isn't the same without him, Mr. Riddell." Thomas M. Riddell, director of Hogwarton Institute, placed a comforting hand on Harry's shoulder. "But you do not need a mental institution anymore, Harry. I think old Albus would be happier to see you living a productive and grounded life outside these walls." "Happy, you say?" Harry stared down at the granite headstone. "I was happy here, wasn't I? Immersing myself in a fantasy world of magic and drama and heroism. I had everything I wanted in the school: friends, teachers, purpose." He glanced up at Riddell. "Even a worthy opponent." Riddell chuckled warmly. "That was Albus' idea, did you know? Both of us saw at once that you were grasping for something meaningful to believe in - and sometimes, it can be something as simple as adversity to overcome. As long as you were willing to fight, you would not give up. When the physician ... when the physician told him he would not be long for this world, even then, he was thinking of you and all the other patients here." His face turned grave. "Harry, the mind is a strange beast. I don't think there was a single dry eye the night you came to us, so frightened and incoherent from all the abuse. I don't resent you for casting me or Dolores as villains in your own story. We're all glad and relieved that you got the help you needed. Maybe the past should stay buried once it has ceased to be of use." Harry nodded at the forlorn slip of wood lying on Dumbledore's grave. "He didn't even giggle when I told him I was a wizard on my first day here. He told me to keep that wand, that I would perform miracles with it." "Was he wrong?" Riddell asked. Harry Potter smiled wryly. "Of course not. Thank you for humoring me all this time, Mr. Riddell. Give my thanks to Mr. Napes too. And, if I can be of any service to the patients who still need a little more time and a little more love here ..." Riddell canted his head, thinking for a moment. "... There may be someone, Harry. She came in here stark raving mad but a few days ago. Why don't you sit down with her and tell her a story? Perhaps Hogwarts will help her more than Hogwarton." "Her name?" Riddell shrugged helplessly as he guided Harry Potter away from the grave of the elderly janitor, the two falling into lockstep like old friends as they leisurely ambled away. "That, I am afraid I don't know. The constables found no documents when they arrested her in the square, dressed in only in a towel and carrying a jar of marmalade and a doll. Try and be patient with her, Harry. If you need a name, she only answers to J. K. Rowling." 