
First off, nobody chooses to live on Braxton. It's the kind of town that stopped keeping track of its population because it didn't want to give off the impression of dying. Though one didn't need to look far to get that impression. Just a quick stroll down its biggest street, Elmer, and there'll be more shops with boarded up windows and red "For Sale" signs on them than open ones. Even the open ones are still sporting those red and blue neon signs that felt tacky even in the 80s. Unfortunately for me, the only decent paying job my English degree afforded me is one where I travel from library to library as part of a training program. They call it training, but if I were to guess, it's just an early excuse to fire me. When the day comes, I won't be losing my *job*, I'd be graduating from their *training program* without another offer. Though the English major in me appreciates how they are framing the story, the rest of me is still pissed that I took on fifty-thousand dollars of debt so I can make thirty-five thousand a year and live in a single bedroom apartment no bigger than some people's closets. The only entertainment here is the church. Though if the pastor caught me calling it *entertainment*, I might be burned as a witch. Truthfully, I wouldn't be surprised if that literally happened. "Pastor, pastor," I would cry, "I have this splitting headache. Oh can't God help me out?" The pastor would shake his head ever so slight before referring me to the local doctor. Though I would trust him to heal me as much as I'd trust God to get rid of my hangover. Still, the church being the only form of community in this place, I come back, every day, like clockwork. "Pastor Williams," I would say, "I'm feeling weak and dizzy. Isn't there a prayer you have that could help me?" "Yeah," Pastor Williams would grunt. "Stop drinking. Especially stop coming here when you're drunk." To which I would laugh and continue complaining. Having to pee too often. Stumbling when I walk. Not remembering parts of the night. Whatever drunken mishap came up, I would ask for his prayers. And just like that, the days pass, each one melding to the next until I'm confusing myself on whether its Monday or Wednesday. Of course, Pastor William would have his own way of getting back at me--his church signs. They would read in bold black print: > Alienating the community won't make this more pleasant. That one made me chuckle. This sounded like the desperate ravings of a madman. > Taking your frustrations out on strangers is unfair. I smirked at that one. Pastor Williams thinks he knows me so well that he can diagnose my behavioral issues. Yeah right. > A liter of vodka per day isn't a solution for your dead-end job. It was with this one that I started getting worried. I figured that the only person who would know my specific habits would be the liquor store salesman and he had spilled the beans. Also, what right did a pastor of a dying town have to call my career dead-end? > Remember to call mom back. She isn't the reason you're out here alone. I checked my phone and it was true. I had a missed call that I had blacked out through. But how could Pastor Williams know that? Even more so, how could he know of my last conversation with her, complaining about how she should've pushed me to a more job-oriented degree? I took the long way home that night to avoid the church. > Are you even listening, Alex? Fuck that. Who the hell does he think he is that I should listen to his advice? How well does he really think he knows me? "Pastor!" I slam open the church doors, panting for breath. This is the first time he mentioned me by name. He was going too far now. "Here to complain more about your medical issues?" Pastor Williams says without turning. "I'm a pastor, not a doctor. Or perhaps you're drunk again." "You know damn well why I'm here." The pastor turns with a single raised brow. "Because you were forced to come here for work. Oh, I've heard you say so many a times. You've spent hours berating me about this town." "What? No, why I'm here right now in your church. I'm talking about your sign. The messages you keep leaving me." Pastor Williams crunches his brow and his face alit with recognition. "Oh no. Don't you go blaming me for that. We both perfectly know who the culprit is." "Oh, bullshit. Don't tell me you have no--" "I have nothing to do with it, Alex. You think I have time in between babysitting your drunk ass and attending to the rest of the town to leave you cute messages? Honestly I was against it, but you wouldn't stop bothering me until you had something to do!" "Wait, what?" "Yeah. I thought it was a desecration of church property, not that you ever cared. You just stumble in here, take the letters, and stumble out." My breath catches and eyes widen. The messages were the desperate ravings of a madman. I had just been wrong about which madman it was. --- --- /r/jraywang 