
The last thing his mother had said was for him to be safe. But this was months ago and back then they were still at the shelter and things still felt kind of normal. Now the shelter was gone. His mother was gone. Everything was gone. He was hungry and the world was gray and sooth fell like snow. He had his old gas mask still, though he did not know if it still worked. He supposed it must, because he hadn't gone crazy like the other people. The ghouls and the witches. He was crossing under an overpass in the outskirts of his hometown, heading for open road. The smell of smoke and charred land breaking through the gas mask. The highway gray, dotted in skeletons of cars and debris and dead bodies. He heard the laughing there. To his left. Where? He looked. He could not find the source. His mask was dirty and smudged and foggy. He could barely see anything. He scanned beyond the overpass. Squinted for accuracy. Beyond guard rail. Dead trees and gray skies. Nothing alive. The laughter again, from behind him. He recoiled. Looked back, but saw nothing. But he knew what the laughter meant. Witches. Ghouls. Again. He crawled under a big piece of concrete - a stretch of highway collapsed from above, its foundations sprouting metal wires like tentacles from the stone. The laughter, closer. *Its here* he thought. *Its coming to get --* A pair of hands grabbed him. From behind - not where he was expecting. He was pulled to a sort of cave - an opening carved on the concrete base of the overpass. A man made hideout. He turned, startled, and almost screamed. He found himself inside this little candle-lit place - this makeshift living room carved into stone. A man was looking down at him behind a gas mask in the cramped space. "You hear it too," the man said, his voice cracking, radio-static from the gas mask. "The witch." "Yeah..." he managed to blurt out. "It's near, I think." The man nodded. "There's a lair nearby, this place was hit pretty bad during The Fall." The Fall. His mother didn't call it that. The people back at the shelter called it The War. But he knew what the man meant. The chemical weapons. What rained down from the planes up above, the smoke that made people crazy, that made people eat people. That made the women into witches and the men into ghouls, and everyone with a mask on -- everyone who avoided it -- into prey. "Artemis?" The man called, and a second later a figure emerged from the darkness in the back of their hideout. Small. Fragile. A girl. Twelve? Eleven? She too wore a gas mask. She had a shotgun. "Witch outside," the man said, in a casual voice. "Take care of it." "Who's the kid?" the girl asked, emphasis on the word 'kid' like she hadn't herself been one in a long time. "Ask him yourself," the man replied. "Take him. As bait." Before he could argue the girl was dragging him by the sleeve. Took him outside. Stood by the side of the entrance to the little cave, under the overpass. Pushed him over to the middle of the road. "Stay there. Right there. And don't move" He stood. Scared. Cold. He turned back. "Who are you?" "Artemis," the girl said. He didn't mean what her name was. But then again he didn't know what he meant, so he didn't answer. They stood in silence for almost a full minute. Nothing but the wind. The dead silence absent of birds chirping or distant cars, the one he still wasn't used to. The sound of no sound at all. Then the laughter again. He looked over beyond at the road and saw it. The witch. And it saw him. Eyes red. Locked on target. It was nothing like the old post-apocalyptic movies. He knew that already. It wasn't slow. It wasn't rotten. It didn't limp. It darted fast as a bullet for him, a predator, legs and arms beating the floor back, gaining, lifting smoke behind it as it made its cackle-like sound and bared its teeth and jumped over eight, nine, teen feet high and it opened its claws and its mouth over his head and - -- its head blew away and its body fell limp and dead by his feet. It convulsed and shook for a second and let out a hiss and then it stopped and lay still. He look back at Artemis behind the stone. Smoke oozed from her shotgun. She had one eye closed, the barrel next to her gas-masked-face. She lowered the gun. "There," she said, then turned back. "Bring it inside, that's dinner." He stood there a second more under the overpass, the dead witch's blood expanding in a pool between his feed. Then he followed the girl in. _____ /r/psycho_alpaca 