
"Pardon me, but would you mind awfully if I sat next to you?" His soft, green eyes wearily move away from the newspaper and onto me. I see them widen in shock as he forgets to breathe. It is an expression that I have seen over the years, right from the training for nursing school to the real deal. The shock, the surprise, the one second between okay and not okay.... a emotion caught in the corridor of uncertainty. He looks at me with the same expression that accident victims have on their faces when they wake up to realize that they're missing a limb. Or even seconds before the onset of a seizure. It is pure, unadulterated dread. But his shock feels strangely out of place; what have I done to evoke such fear in him? What makes this occasion strange was that I knew I was wearing a diluted version of that same aghast expression. The digits "800" flickering in white light over his head had made me blink rapidly in disbelief. Being a nurse in an understaffed yet overcramped hospital left me physically and emotionally drained almost everyday. I had to make sure that my eyes weren't playing tricks on me. Luckily, they'd also taught me to recover from shocks pretty quickly. It takes a few seconds longer for the man to stir from his stunned state. He nods politely and turns back to his newspaper. "Please forgive me if I'm interfering, but are you... okay?" I ask him, desperately trying not to arouse any suspicion of my motives. He turns away from his newspaper once more and meets my gaze. The sparkling green eyes with puffy bags underneath them send a dull pulse of pity through my heart. He shakes his head and smiles. "You see the numbers too, don't you?" I feel my breathing grow frantic inside my chest. I want to look away from him, but something about him keeps me from trying to escape this bizarre connection we share in that moment. "I'm.. I'm sorry," I manage to say, choking on every word. "I just saw a number over your head I'd never seen before so I thought I'd come and ask if you're alright. I'm a nurse by profession. You could say it's a matter of heart and habit." "I'm grateful you cared enough to check up on me. I've never met anyone else who has shared this blessing." I nod, hesitatingly. "May I ask what you do?" "I'm... a well known cardiologist. I earned my stripes performing the most intricate and the most terrifying procedures in the world. I shouldn't be well known to be honest. The ones referred to me are usually rarest of the rare cases. They pay exceptionally well, but I have a success rate of 33% percent. Even though one part of my conscience reminds me that I take up only the most hopeless cases, another part of me is quick to remind me how many people have died at my hand." My heart swells at the measure of deep sorrow in his voice. "Can you see the number over your own head?" He shakes his head. "Can you see the one over your own?" I shake mine. "Do you wish to know yours?" He seems to contemplate it for a few seconds before nodding grudgingly. "800," I say. He puffs out his cheeks and shakes his head in utter surprise. "Thank you. Never knew I was under such tremendous stress. I guess the cracks will show sooner rather than later." He smiles warmly when he sees the guilt on my face. "I'm intrigued to know what you do," he asks. "I work at the City General Hospital. I'm guessing you're from the National Heart Wellness Center. Times are hard, and the first casualties of the job cuts have been nurses. You can't remove the doctors or the surgeons. Not the cleaning staff or the solitary receptionist. The nurses always are the first to suffer. There were 25 when I started working last year, one for each patient. Now there are three. Usually I only took home the burdens and suffering of one patient home at the end of the day. Now I take home at least 12. I lie a lot more than I used to. I have to care a lot more than I used to. It's difficult. You can imagine." He nods solemnly and purses his lips. His brilliant green eyes are glazed will tears. "I don't have to imagine, I can see. The number over your head reads 2140." 