
I burst into laughter. What else could I do? The shape and angle of that cut wasn't a coincidence. I wasn't healing these people. I was absorbing their wounds and diseases. Soon, reality sunk in, the tears cascaded down and the laughter faded into despair. I would die a horrible death. I ambled toward the town's gathering statue. They had been gracious enough to build it in honor of my miracles. Old Ban was chopping some fish in there. I saluted him, and gestured for him to hand me the horn. This was a curious town. See, each member had one profession, and a certain duty. Old Ban was a fishmonger and the guard of the statue. "Perform sum miracles, eh?" Old Ban said, brushing his bloody hands on his apron. "Her you go, hands." He threw the horn toward me. I snatched it with ease and nodded to him. Was I sure about my words? No. I wasn't, but the pain had started to flare inside me. I placed the end of the horn on my lips, took a deep breath, and blew it. It reverberated across the town, a fading howl no one dared to ignore. Soon, the entire town was here. They all wore smiles, eager to see me perform public healing. Some left flowers at my feet, and other knelt. They thought me a God of sorts. How wrong they were. If anything, I had been fooled by a God. I scanned the crowd. Roke and his son had come. They were the lumberjacks. "Silence please!" I yelled, and the hubbub stopped. "I've came not to perform, but to be paid." They glared at me with disbelief, yet they didn't dare to confront me. I had healed half of them. "The payment I seek is not in the shape of money," I said, heaving my chest, "but in the shape of twenty long, thick logs to build a giant pyre." "What ye want a pyr for?" Roke yelled from amidst the bewildered crowd. I sighed. "Actions despite how good or bad, often comes with a cost," I said and swept my hand across the town. "I've healed your town and many more, yet I now must pay the price. Your diseases, your wounds will soon burgeon in and inside me." I took off my shirt, displaying a big new gash. They gasped in unison. "All I ask for is to be burned in a pyre," I said. "It is not the most pleasant of deaths, but it's the death I choose." I met Roke's gaze. He nodded and made his way toward his lumberyard. Together, the denizens built the pyre in no time. The warmth of the sunset's blazing light bathed me from behind, casting a long shadow in front of me. It was pleasant, and it made me forget about the now overwhelming pain. Roke finished tying me up, and with a torch, he set me on fire. The crackling sound of the logs snapping while being swallowed by the flames was like a symphony to my ears. The searing heat biting my feet was a mere tickle, one last bath in hot water. The rising smoke blurred the faces of the crowd, yet their silence spoke for themselves. To their eyes, they were witnessing the death of a God. Soon, I saw, I felt, and heard no more. However, I would leave an unanswered question buried in my ashes. If I had known, would I've done the same? -------------------------------------------------- /r/therobertfall If you enjoyed the story you can always read more there! 