
"What's he doing now?" The door slid shut behind him as he slipped back into his seat in front of the wall of monitors. "He's just checked into the Hyatt." the other man said through a mouth full of Cheetos. "You should have seen him trying to prevent the bellboy from touching the briefcases! Look, he's trying to get them in the elevator now." One of the many screens in front of them showed security camera footage of the lobby of the hotel. The middle elevator contained a nervous looking man attempting to coerce a luggage cart into the space. He finally forced the cart over the lip it was stuck on and the top briefcase swayed dangerously, as if about to tip over. The man tapped on his keyboard with fingers dusted in cheese powder. The tv switched over to the inside view of the elevator just as the nervous man steadied the top briefcase. He then tapped at the close door button until the metallic doors came together closing him off from the lobby. He let out a deep sigh as he, more calmly now, tapped his keycard and pressed the button for the seventeenth floor. An abrupt crinkling sound came from the man with the cheese fingers as he wadded up the empty bag. "Why do you think he's at the Hyatt?" he asked while tossing it at the garbage can in the corner of the room. "He's not an idiot, he knows someone is watching him." The other man said, standing back up. "Just open them up, Sven." He said under his breath to himself as he started to pace back and forth in the small surveillance room. "Didn't you say he always thinks someone is watching him?" "Well yeah, but I figured he would for sure open the first one, especially with him knowing that I work here." "lol" the other guy said between sucking cheese off of each of his fingers. "Did you just say "lol" out loud?" "Yeah...yeah, it's a thing. My friend..." "Shut the fuck up and pull up the seventeenth floor cameras, he's out of the elevator." The screen flashed over to a hotel hallway where the same man stood in front of a door trying to force his plastic key into the slot. On his third attempt the lock lit up and allowed him in. He dragged the briefcases in two at a time and left the cart out in the hallway. "I don't know, I feel weird about this. We can't see him anymore..." the man pacing trailed off and began to fish in his pocket. He pulled out his cell phone and tapped on the lit up screen. "Hey Sven, what's up buddy? Happy Birthday man! ... Wait, slow down Sven. Deep breath, calm. Tell me what's going on. ... Seven briefcases? Well did you open them? ... No? Why not, I think you..." He looked down at the phone, the screen was black. "FUCK" he said as he snatched his jacket from the back of the chair. "I have to go to the Hyatt. He's all worked up. God damnit." Whipping his jacket on, he rushed down the hallway to the stairs and started hopping down a few at a time towards the garage. Once at the Hyatt, he tossed his keys to the valet and hurried to the elevator. Inside he tried to press seventeen but the button wouldn't light up. A bellboy poked his head in and said "You have to scan your keycard, sir." "I don't have one, I need to see my brother." "I'm sorry sir, but you have to call him from the front..." "Look, I'm in the CIA and I need to get up there now." he proffered his badge and the bellboy looked at him with a skeptical face. "Fine, whatever, I actually don't care." The bellboy tapped the card attached to his belt against the elevator panel and selected the seventeenth floor. The doors slid closed and the elevator started its upwards journey. Finally in front of the door that Sven had entered, he knocked and shouted through to him. "Sven, it's Michael, let me in bud!" Michael could hear rustling behind the door and knew that someone had approached. "Come on man, it's just me." Michael said, trying to sound reassuring. "How did you know where I was?" Sven asked accusingly. "You've been watching me, haven't you? Not just you, everyone. And not just today. See, I knew it! I told you!" "No, Sven, seriously, this isn't anything like that. Buddy, it's me." Michael pleaded through the door. "That's exactly what you'd want..." "Open the briefcases, Sven!" Michael cut his brother off with a shout. A few seconds passed and Michael could hear him move away from the door and further into the room. Almost five minutes passed before Michael heard the click of the door opening. Sven stood sobbing in the entry, tears streaming down his red puffy face. In one hand he held an unfolded piece of paper that Michael knew to be the letter he included in the first briefcase. In the other hand, Sven held a revolver that Michael recognized as the one their father keeps in his bedside drawer. Michael moved to embrace his brother and Sven slumped into his arms, his cries and moans growing louder. Michael slipped the gun out of Sven's hand. He didn't resist giving it up. He took the note out of his brothers hand as well. Sven's head was pressed against his chest and the tears continued to stream out of him between labored breaths. He held the note up at eye level, still embracing his brother, and read. "Dear Agent Sven Rider, You've been selected for a top secret 40th birthday mission. Stand by for further communication. With love from your little brother, Agent Michael Rider." 