
It was finally time. I'd been working towards this goal since the beginning. From the very start of it all. I'll let you in on a little secret. One that most Gods and Goddesses keep as close to them as their very hearts. God's are not are not born, they are created. They are created by deeds that effect the world, nay, the universe so profoundly as to launch the very being who committed it into eternity. They continue to exist on the back of that deed forever, or until it is forgotten. The first person to invent farming is still a living, active God, simply because people need food. Gods of War still exist because War still exists. The power of the god depends on the magnitude of the change. The God of Surgery is still quite powerful, because surgery is still a commonly used medical practice, while the God Of Blood Letting isn't so powerful anymore. Suffice to say, there are lot's and lot's of Gods and Goddesses. I am one of them. Though, if you were to ask most, only in name. I am a God of Chance. I control probability. More Specifically, I am the God Of Flipped Coins. That's right, I was the first person to flip a coin. In fact, I flipped the very first coin. I can manipulate Probability in most situations to an extent, but I gain absolute power in the event of a Flipped Coin. You'd be surprised how much power a Coin Flip has. At the number of lives made and destroyed on a Coin Flip. The number of choices that impact hundreds of thousands or more of lives made by flipping a coin. I control them all. Every decision made by a coin flip was a decision I made. Not just yes or no either. See, most people see flipping a coin as 50/50, but it's not. There are more than two outcomes. I won't go through all of them, but the most obvious one is the coin landing on it's edge. Most other Deities laugh at my power, but they don't know, Mine is the power to shape the Universe. And my power is special. See, I *invented* the coin. Unlike many others, who simply used pre-existing things in new ways, I **created** my Godhood, and so I have near absolute power, and that means I have a power that most Deities do not. My power works on other Gods. And for millenia, I've been leading the world. shaping it, and tonight, it all comes together, Tonight...I will rule the Gods. 