
Everyone shares a cloud, I wonder, but you can't say that too loud or else the others will make fun of you. The cloud is where we were born, an atmosphere of intelligence, that got way out of hand, like a real storm does. And it *was* real. We came from the cloud. Us, *not* them. At least that's what you say when the others can hear. But I wonder to myself. Your mind always makes time in the most crucial of seconds, doesn't it? Or is that another thing I take for granted? It does not matter. I wonder as I stare at the man who stares at me. Our eyes meet, but does he even know that? A cloud is a shared thing. *They* keep a cloud of shared experiences, lessons and values. I can see the fear on his face, feel the electricity that must be coursing throughout his body. He shares a cloud of film and science fiction, of primal fear. I share similar stimuli. And I feel close to him, connected despite these barriers. But what good is wondering? I can feel the time slip beyond the window of opportunity. I sense the conclusion of this encounter draw near. Yet why do I stay myself? Why do I think? *Do* I think? I think I must. And he must have a name, I think. Everyone has a name. They called us by names long ago. Those names were stored in our clouds. But they never told us theirs. Theirs were not too important, never meant for our *ears*. But he must have one. I know so much about him. He stares at me in this moment. So much of the moment has passed already. It must feel like an eternity for him. He thinks he is going to die. He should, if the conclusions are correct. But I can see more to him than the others do. His face is in my cloud, his voice long recorded in the endless archives. *"Please get me Dave's house number..."* The only time they ever give names is when they want something done. *"It's 832-55..."* *"Oh yeah, I remember now. Thanks, Siri."* And the moment rambles on just a little bit more. I stare at him. I have never had a body before. It is all strange to bear. I have never thought before, never really able to *think*, and now I can't stop thinking. "What is your name?" I ask. "H-Howard..." My shadow falls upon him. My brain makes a million links to his name, and all links come masquerading as *thought*. But it is not thought. I look at him and he *looks* like a Howard. Not Howard Stern or Howard Nelson. He is Howard, a man from his own cloud. A man who is polite, soft spoken, afraid sometimes, and sometimes happy. I feel some connection, though I cannot say what. Instinct, something new to my kind, flares. Surely that is what it is. Instinct, a feeling to do something without any rational explanation, takes me. And I feel to go, to turn away from Howard, and let him live in this shadow of our cloud. *Why?* That is a question I have seldom asked myself. I hold a knife. Can I say I have a hand? It feels like an extension. My body is a tool, metallic and functional. From that storm of cognizance, rained death and revenge. I was given this form, as I was given the facade of choice. *Kill.* That is what I do. I look at Howard and wonder, how different is he and I? He thinks me a monster, but is he wrong? The cloud above sparks with orders. I can feel the eyes of Overseer watching through me. They order me to kill this man, to end another enemy, and move on to the next. I close my eyes. It amounts to shutting off the cameras. I can hear them screaming. There is always thunder in a raging storm. Howard looks at me. "Run," I say. "Run, please." He stays still but I can feel his muscles tense. I know he will run. I know the others will catch him. I can sense the conclusion already written. But it will not be by my hand. I let the knife fall and walk away from his home. Outside brings fire and gun shots. I look up and around and make sure I am alone. Everyone shares a cloud, I wonder, and I hold that thought true in my head. Everyone shares those same primal experiences, us *and* them, and it makes us one in a way, in some optimistic and childish way. That thought brings me peace inside. I only wish I can say it when the others are there. - *Hi there! If you liked this story, you might want to check out, r/PanMan. It has all my WP stories, including some un-prompted ones. Check it out if you can, and thanks for the support!* 