
"Well? Why haven't you done it yet?" "I have!" The Genie floated above my head, an amorphous blue creature with vague humanoid features. Those features seemed to express extreme alarm at my request, the void like eyes widening. I looked down at myself and poked my chest. Still solid. Still breathing. "Then why am I still here?" "Listen kid, i'm more like a conduit ok? You make the wish and the magic flows through me. Understand? Through! I don't actually control it." "You don't? Well why not?!" The Genie swooped down and its eyes were now flaming coals, heat radiating off them. Its breath, a slight breeze before, was a maelstrom of stench, fetid and overpowering. "Do you think if i could control this i would let some little bastard order me around?" I gulped and stepped back. The Genie lowered itself to the floor, two leg like protrusions solidifying under its torso and it stood in front of me. It looked back towards its lamp, now lying on the floor where it fell and I swore i could see a longing in its alien eyes. "So you have no idea what's happened? Why it didn't work?" I asked meekly. The Genie sighed and it was like the rustling of wind through a leaf strewn forest floor. "It did work. I told you that. You were never born in this existence. However, for that to happen, you need to be alive in some form in order to make the wish. You've heard of paradoxes yes kid? Well congratulations. You're living one." I pondered this for a moment. I looked around at my small apartment. It was a dump, one worn sofa I had managed to scavenge from the street, a barely functional hot plate that functioned as my kitchen next to it. I absently stepped forward as a cockroach scuttled passed and crushed it beneath my worn shoe. "Well Genie I won't be so figurative this time. I wish i was dead!" The Genie looked at me and seemed just as surprised when my scrawny chest continued to expand with each new breath. It formed an arm and hand to slap to its blue tinged head. "Ah. Yeah, as you technically don't exist, you have technically forfeited your wishes." "What?! So i'm stuck?" "Don't yell at me kid! I get freed once you've made the third wish so it looks like you've screwed me too here!" I looked up at the Genie who had risen to the ceiling with each furiously spat word and hung my head in my hands. "I'm sorry. i fucked it up. I always fuck it up." A gentle cold spread across my shoulders and i opened my eyes to the see the creature had draped one shapeless arm over me. "Jesus kid. Look, this is uncharted territory for me. Your continued existence is a paradox. A paradox that the Universe won't look too kindly upon." i stood up and walked to the center of my dark apartment. i hadn't opened the curtains in weeks and the electricity had been cut off shortly after. "So what happens now?" I asked. The emptiness i had grown used to had faded from my chest and instead a nervous energy had begun to build within me. It was not a pleasant feeling. But it was a feeling. "Honestly, I have no idea. Educated guess? Four possibilities. One, you walk outside, you bump into someone and you ...uh.. cease to be. Option two, you walk outside, you bump into someone and you're like a ghost to them. They can't see you, can't hear you, it'll be like you don't exist but you.... do. And option three, you walk outside, bump into someone and everything ceases to be." The Genie had manifested thumbs to twiddle as it rattled off the scenarios. It winced as it announced the last. "What's option four?" "What?" "You said four possibilities?" "Oh yeah. Well option four is none of the above. Like i said, this is kind of uncharted territory kid." I looked to the door to my apartment, cheap wood and peeling paint. I walked closer and the feeling in my chest grew until my heart was hammering. I glanced back at the Genie who shrugged and laughed. "Time to roll the dice kid. Fancy a trip outside?" r/AMSWrites 