
"You're lying," I seethed, staring at someone who appeared to be my father. I glanced down at the frame in my hand- one of the last pictures we had of him, taken days before he disappeared fifteen years ago. I looked back at the emotionally manipulating stranger, standing as bold as ever, rattled by my age, wanting to come inside to *his* house. "I'm just as confused as you are, Nikki," he took out a cigarette in that suave fashion my dad did, pulled out an old lighter-- black with cheesy orange flames on it like my dad had-- and flicked it. It took him a few tries. He was silent, flicking it until a yellow flame burst up. He lit his pick and drew it to his lips, staring at me once again with squinted eyes like *he* was suspicious. "So, if I get this straight, I've been gone fifteen years?" he coughed, like he was choking on his puff. I almost nodded but I couldn't humour this insane impersonator. I checked my watch. Mom would be back very soon with my kids. "Nikki," he took another drag, "Can you stop playing?" he wasn't smiling. He looked like he wanted to go inside. "You're *not my dad*," I said again as my mom and the kids could be seen far behind, down the road, walking over as cheery as ever. "Well you're definitely getting better at your fairy tale crap," he sighed, "Just let me in, Nikki. I wanna sit down. Don't make me call your mother," he said, puffing out more smoke that fluttered into the wind. It was creepy as Hell itself. Everything was right. The clothes. The voice. The stance. The attitude. The words. The look in his eyes. It was eerie. I was beginning to shake. This moron had really done his research. Impersonating my missing-- my lost father. Everything was right. But not his age. He was supposed to be so much older. This guy looked like he was balding, like my dad. Even the stupid crown on his head curled his longer hairs like dad's. Mom and the kids were close and I was still wordlessly blocking the door. The man could be a danger to my kids, to my mother. My mom was already weak from not knowing where my dad had disappeared to so seeing this asshole-- I didn't know if it'd affect her heart or not. "Leave," I mouthed out, not loud enough. I realised I was looking down at the floor. Not at his face. The fumes were going straight to my head. My lungs began to work harder. "Nikki dear, who's this?" mom called out. My two little munchkins were on either side of her. The impersonator turned around to look at mom. Mom whitened, gasped like she'd seen a ghost. And the impersonator dropped his cigarette from his flimsy fingers. "Louise?" the man said, his voice thicker than before. Like he had something in his throat. "Mom shall I call the cops?" I called, trying my best not to tear up. The kids were confused and clearly getting bored. "Joshua," mom said, her words barely above an audible whisper. She let go of my kids and the two ran straight to me. The impersonator watched in horror as they wrapped their tiny arms around my lower legs. "Hi boys," I said to them. "How was preschool?" I tried, tugging them gently inside. "Mommy is that granddaddy?" my clever one pointed at the stranger. To my disbelief, the man bent down and burst into tears. "Fifteen years?" he cried out, wiping away the water from his eyes. "But how?" I didn't even realise I started crying at this horrible act this impersonator was doing. Mom had hardly moved but she stepped closer and bent down, placed her palm on his head. "Where have you been?" she whispered, like she was afraid he'd disappear. He looked back at me, grief in his eyes. "I'm so sorry I can't be here. But I love you all so dearly," he said, smoke from the cigarette really flaring into my nostrils. Like it was making me choke. "But you have to wake up now," he said to me. The fumes were suffocating me. I woke up screaming in my bed. I jumped up and sure enough, smoke was seeping under my bedroom door. I could hear the flames engulfing my mom's house. The fire alarm hadn't gone off. I landed on my feet and opened the door wide. The hall was thick with foggy fumes but I raced into my children's room and they were wailing. I picked them up and they clung to my body. My first priority was to take them to safety. I ran outside, panting for breath, sweating all over. I took my kids right to the roadside when my mom followed, coughing and panting. She stumbled and I went to her side, helping her away from the blaze to safety. I looked up at the stars behind us as sirens rang in the distance. And my dad's favourite star, Sirius, seemed to wink at me. I choked back tears. Mom was consoling my kids. Was this... was this closure? Was my dad really, after all these years, gone? ~~I tried~~ edit: thank you u/Voidcube! And you too u/Trekt54 