
So here I am, stuck at my front door. Ever since I was a child, there was always a voice in my head giving me advice when needed. While the advice did not always help, I did take solace in the fact that someone was looking out for me, even if it wasn't exactly a person but rather a voice in my head. Call it 'helpful schizophrenia' if you will. Now, let's get back to my front door. As I was preparing for my ten klick run as part of my routine, I put on my new pair of running shoes. (trying to break them in, you see.) Just as I got up, the voice in my head rang out. *Put on your best runners.* Well that's interesting, but I suppose there wasn't any harm in it. Without paying much heed to my actions, I turned around to get to my shoe cabinet. Then the voice rang again. *Do not turn around.* How else was I supposed to leave my house for my run then?! As I stood there, I heard the faintest growl. It was barely audible, but menacing nonetheless. Then my room turned dark. And tentacles gently groped me. *You would do well to take my advice here.* The voice added, reminding me to not turn around. *Walk straight, and do not look back no matter what.* The tentacles were slithering all over me, but I collected myself and moved. Something about the calmness in the voice seemed to resonate in me, so I quite unexpectedly did not panic. With every step I took, the tentacles tried to reaffirm their grip on me, and those that could, tightened their hold on me. Though that did not affect me much, since I continued to calmly walk forward. Just as I reached my living room, the voice rang out. *Open your curtains.* As I touched my curtains, the tentacles tightened their grip further. Some even wrapped around my neck in hopes of strangling me. At this point I was tempted to turn around. If I was going to die, at least let me see what was killing me. *Please trust me.* And so I did. Opening the curtains, a most unearthly screech resounded throughout my living room. But I also saw a faint silhouette being reflected on the other side of the glass, as opposed to the ungodly reflection on the glass melting away. "What are you..." Entranced by its beauty, I unconsciously asked the gradually forming silhouette on the other side. *Your Guardian Angel. Due to your faith in me, even in the most trying of times, I became able to manifest myself in this world.* The thousands of hidden meanings echoed in that short sentence, but the one I received best was: *Thank you for believing, even when nothing else would.* 