
Agent Dunn and Agent Slack sat in awkward silence with the creatures across from them. They were definitely alien, neither could deny that. The creature's stalk eyes kept wandering uncomfortably close to Agent Slack's face. The stalk itself was thick, with a thin layer of.. Maybe slime? Slack just knew it made him squirm internally. Dunn cleared his throat when one aired too close to his face. The aliens didn't seem to mind. Finally, the dark blue one across from Slack reached down onto its... Leg? It had fingers but they were hidden beneath all the fur. When it put its arm back onto the table, it put a small device in front of them. It had what appeared to be two musical horn shapes on either side of them. The middle piece was slightly glowing, with glowing thin lines running all over it. Then the alien made a soft grumbling noise. The box moved towards Dunn and Slack. "Since you are apparently ignoring our telepathic communication, you have forced us to resort to our simplistic translator." Dunn straightened his tie. "You can communicate telepathically?" Dunn felt embarrassed. Of course they can communicate telepathically. The device moved closer to the aliens and spit out a series of clicks and whirls. The two aliens stalk eyes turned toward each other. Each started moving their heads up and down while making a wheezing noise. "Slack, what the fuck do you think theyre doing?" Dunn whispered. Slack shrugged. "I think they're... Laughing?" Slack suggested. The translator picked this up. The aliens stopped for a moment, listened to the produced whirring and clirring, and.. Started doing it harder. The one across from Slack grumbled loudly now while shaking up and down. "Of course we are laughing! You humans have expected everything else so far from us - our ships, our shapes - well except for this younger human here- and even our technology. We find it ridiculous that a species could have so much contact with other interplanetary species and not know such a basic fact!" Dunn and Slack exchanged a look. "We HAVEN'T had contact with other species." The aliens stopped moving. The two got out of their chairs and stood next to each other against the wall. They made soft grumbling sounds and clicking noises together. Their stalk eyes were focused on themselves alone. Finally, they both made the same noise. Their stalk eyes retracted into their mass of fur. The pair sat back down. Now the red furred one sat across Slack and the blue across from Dunn. The red began talking first. "Do not lie to us please. Our visit has been pleasant so far and we'd hate to cut it short." Dunn and Slack exchanged a look. Dunn took the lead. "We aren't lying. Humans have just been imagining and re imagining aliens- er.. Interplanetary species since well... Practically civilization itself." The aliens turned towards each other. The box spit out quietly, "Show us." Both creatures were shifting constantly in their seats now. Dunn nodded and grabbed Slack by the arm. "Leave him here. Go get your depictions." The box said commandingly. Dunn nodded and left the room, leaving Slack terrified. Slack looked at them. The blue one grabbed the box with its fingers and dragged closer to him. "What do you know about these depictions?" Slack shrugged gently. "I.. I know the older examples we only THINK are depictions... Um.. Do you guys know religion?" Slack's voice was high pitched. The two moved their heads violently towards the table, then stopped at the last second and pulled their heads up. A nod? "So uh.. Humans are incredibly into religion. We've always been fascinated with space! So we think older human's gods and myths could be their versions of our modern concept of aliens. Before you two, that is." They both repeated the action. "What of these modern depictions?" Dunn barged back into the room with a thin laptop. "My apologies for taking so long." Both whirred too quiet for the box to hear. Dunn cleared his throat. "This device can show you our older depictions and our new ones." The red one growled and grumbled quietly. "Just your new ones please. Slack explained your old ones well enough, and we dont believe they're proper depictions." Dunn nodded. He began searching through the computer. He opened up a database. "I'm going to scroll through these pictures, and it should give an idea as what our species thought of aliens! Before our first contact that is." The blue one clicked softly. Dunn pulled up the first photo. Aximili from Animorphs. Xenomorphs from Aliens. Predator. Little green men. Horrifying images of sharp teeth, long heads, dangerous bodies. The pair stumbled backwards into the wall as fast as they could. All their fur retreated to reveal armored skin of similar coloring. Their faces had small trunks and their eyes were in a surprisingly normal place. Their legs looked almost like a horse's - curved, muscular, but with small talons. Their fingers were long and they had no thumbs. They each had what seemed like a belt in the middle of their armored torso. Each held what seemed similar to a knife. At least a weapon. The translator began going crazy as they began clicking back and forth. "They dont know, Savin! They don't even know it was implanted into their brains!" "Wathun relax!" "I won't relax! They could be here and THEY WOULDN'T EVEN KNOW IT!" "We can just leave." "They could have stolen our ship, our technology!" "We walked right into enemy hands..." "What are you two talking about?!" Slack yelled. The red one took a step forward with a hand on the weapon around its waist. With terror in his voice, it quietly said, "You know of the old ones." 