
Black walls made of hardened scales surrounded me. I sat on a glass throne; iron shackles bound my wrists. With a grating sound and a flash of purple light, a portal to another dimension opened in front of me. Three minotaurs dressed in battle uniforms stepped forward. "Mister Andrews, do you know why you're here?" the first minotaur asked. He heaved his massive chest. Hot, orange-zesty breath fell damp across my face. The second minotaur stood in the corner, holding a lightsaber. The third minotaur click-clacked on an old typewriter that levitated in midair. This minotaur wore a top hat and a golden monocle, dressed suspiciously like the monopoly man. "I've got a get out of jail free card!" I said. "DO NOT PASS GO!" the third minotaur bellowed. The other two minotaurs stifled chuckles. They both summoned elaborate, hand-woven rugs that floated underneath them as they lay down to rest. "Mister Andrews, can you describe what you're seeing?" the first minotaur said. His tail turned into a snake. The snake grinned, then sprouted a human arm and held up a finger to its lips to shush me. I nodded. "It's ok, Mister Snake-Tail. I won't tell them your secret!" "Don't let them eat the pecans or you'll become visible," Mr. Snake said. "Good thing I sold all my pecans to the nut-store!" The first two minotaurs chuckled, but the third seemed stoic. He lifted his monocle, and to my horror I realized this was no monopoly minotaur--this was Mr. Peanut, dressed in a minotaur suit! My head sweated. "Oh god, I swear I didn't mean to sell your nuts!" The first minotaur looked confused. "We have you on four counts of aggravated assault and armed robbery. I think you should be taking this seriously." "Your Snake-Tail just turned into an alligator!" I said. I lied. It turned into a crocodile, but I wasn't going to let them know that. The old wizard was right, this was some trip! Here I thought I could just pop into the world, invisible, and take some sweet candy for the candy-man. But, no--that wizard was a shrink. I didn't turn invisible until *after* I drank from the fount of many blessings! After! What a scam. The second minotaur's lightsaber turned purple. I don't remember what color it was before, but it certainly wasn't purple. "Whoa, are you Mace Windu?" I asked. "DO NOT COLLECT TWO-HUNDRED!" the third minotaur bellowed. The snake-alligator-tail started throwing gang signs. I wagged my eyebrows seductively to try and appease it. I don't think that worked. "We're going to get you some fluids and some rest, then we'll check back with you tomorrow. Have a pleasant evening, Mister Andrews." I smiled. "Goodbye, funny minotaur man!" Mr. Peanut walked close to me, put a hand on my shoulder and whispered, "you have three turns to roll doubles and escape." The two minotaurs and the Mr. Peanut in a minotaur suit walked back through the portal, leaving me alone in the glass chair of solemnity. A tear started down my cheek. I had only a single, twelve-sided die! There was simply *no way* to roll doubles! *** Sometimes I take prompts seriously. This was not one of those times. Anyway, more silly nonsense at r/BLT_WITH_RANCH 