
"Who are you, seriously?" I asked, the bolt-gun hanging down at my side, my arm slumping like the cow I had just dispatched. "Who do you think I am?" the man asked with a smile, his golden curls framing the sunglasses on his perfect face. I had the sudden knowledge that if he removed his glasses that I'd be met with a pair of golden eyes. I shuddered, that thought was freaking me out. "Apollo, sure, sure." I smirked, "Seriously, I have nine more cows to put down today. If you're looking to place an order we're pretty exclusive and we have a waiting list a couple of months long." Apparently one of the guys on the crew had heard me whisper my little joke and had gone all out to make me look like an idiot. I had to admit this actor was impressive. Then he did something that really set my hairs on end. He leaned over the slaughtered cow and took a long sniff, his mouth stretching into a long smile of satisfaction. It was quite possible the weirdest thing I'd ever seen. "Fantastic," the man said, turning his attention back to me, "It has been so long. The smell of sacrifice reminds me of the old days. I accept." "You accept?" I asked, ignoring the obvious tease about sacrifice "You accept what?" "You as my champion," he said then pulled out a golden phone. Of course it would be golden. The sun reflecting off of it nearly blinded me. Then I gulped. We were indoors. "I don't know who told you about the ritual to please me and call out to me but you have done it." He flipped through pictures on his touchscreen. "Wait a minute," I said as the sudden sinking feeling turned into the last minutes of the Titanic, "I was just jo..." "This is my daughter," he said, stepping to the side of me and showing me the picture of the most beautiful blonde woman I'd ever seen, "I mean she's a demigod, not a full immortal, but she means a lot to me." "Wow," I said, my heart finally started beating again, "She's gorgeous." "Of course she is," he smiled, "She's my daughter. Now, down to business, you represent me now. You are Apollo's champion and as such I will give you some gifts befitting your station." He grabbed me by the hand and as he lead me outside I noticed my crew were frozen in whatever act they had been busy with a few moments ago. The sunlight was reflecting off of the sports car parked out front. The word "Chariot" was embossed on the side. "Oh," he smiled, "It's one of my new ones. You are more than welcome to use it on your quest." "It's incredible," I said, looking inside at the golden interior, "Wait is that fleece covering the se... wait, quest?" "Of course," he said smiling, "My daughter needs rescuing. Why else would I accept your offer for a champion?" "Wait a minute," I protested, backing up, "Look at me? I'm not a champion or a hero! I'm a normal guy! Find Hercules or something." "That old grump," Apollo said, pulling out a pistol, golden of course, "He can barely divert a small creek nowadays, much less a river. This is your weapon." "No sword?" I asked with a sigh. "Seriously?" Apollo spat slightly, "What is this? 400 B.C.E.?" "What happened to your daughter?" I asked curiously. "Kidnapped," he said, handing me the pistol while pulling out a measuring tape and measuring the length of my arm. "Kidnapped? By wh..." then suddenly the strangeness hit me, "What are you doing?" "Taking measurements for your armor," he said, "Before you ask no not literal plate armor, think of it more as a suit made of divine kevlar. My daughter was kidnapped by Khornos." "Khornos?" I asked because the name was strange to me but my mind was on the suit. I seriously hoped it wasn't golden because there was no damned way I was wearing something that gaudy. "Yes," Apollo said, finishing the measurements and entering them into his phone, "Hephaestus will have your suit ready by this afternoon. There is a great reward if you finish this quest successfully." "Really?" I asked, my interest suddenly piqued. "Yes," Apollo stated, "You get to marry my daughter." "That's stupid," I told him, "I'm out." "What?" he asked then his eyes narrowed, "Wait, you're not of Spartan blood, are you?" "What does that have to do with... wait, no, I'm straight," I said suddenly getting it then explained, "I mean she's beautiful and all but I don't even know her. She doesn't even know me.  What if she chews with her mouth open? What if she hates my laugh?" "This was so much easier in the old days," Apollo said, "Fine, I'll set you up with my daughter and if you mutually decide you're compatible you can decide on long-term commitments then." "What about Corn-nose?" I asked, thinking about the offer. "You mean Khornos?" Apollo looked at me quizically. "Yeah, that's what I said, isn't it?" I was looking from the car to the pistol to Apollo and wondering how long this dream, slowly turning weirder and weirder, would last. "Oh, he's particularly interested in you already," Apollo smiled, "You see you've already gotten his attention." "Wait, what? How?" I asked. How could I possibly get the attention of the enemy of a God? "You've killed several of his daughters, Mr. Marks," Apollo said, addressing me by my name for the first time. "What? No I haven't," I protested. He looked through the door that was still opened on the slaughterhouse and my eyes followed him to the cow lying on the floor, "I'm afraid you have, my champion, you see Khornos is a Minotaur and he happens to be very pissed at you on general terms. Wait till he finds out you're my champion!" 