
Night hangs over the city like an inky black shroud, cloaking it in darkness. And under cover of darkness, the city springs to life. The airways are buzzing tonight - it's a big sales night, and countless deliveries are being flown to countless homes. The city's like a living organism on nights like these - the airways blood vessels, the drones blood cells, the packages life-giving oxygen. Buy this, buy that. Do you really need another back-scratcher? Another boxed set of DVDs? Of course you do. One-click purchase makes it easier than ever. Buy now, and it'll be at your doorstep in an hour or less. Capitalism is alive and well, and everyone in this city wants something. Unfortunately for our friendly neighborhood megacorporations, not everyone wants to pay. The modified rotors of the custom Aspect T25 slice through the icy night air. It's an interesting beast. Though designed as a heavy construction drone, the T25 has two main selling points that Aspect Systems refuses to openly advertise. One, the hardpoints for attaching construction equipment are compatible (by sheer coincidence, mind you) with highly illegal 'whammy' drone-to-drone disruptor weaponry. And two, it's built like a flying tank. It's point two that keeps Griffin's drone in the air tonight. The highly customized drone strains under the weight of its stolen cargo, swaying after the loss of two of its rotors. It's a heavy loss, but Griffin is no ordinary pilot, and he can fly with six rotors, no sweat. Under his careful guidance, the T25 slips out of Airway C23546 and goes off the grid. Its identifier blinks off, and its carefully arranged stealth fields flicker on. It's now invisible to all but the most sophisticated detectors. Many miles away, Griffin pushes up his goggles as the autopilot kicks in to fly the Twenty-Five home. "How's the haul tonight, Griff?" A voice crackles in through his headset. "Pretty shit. Some knockoff Gen 1 phasers out of China, busted me up pretty good when they saw my approach and got a few shots off. I'll be lucky if the haul pays for repairs." Griffin lies smoothly. In this business, bragging only invites jealousy - or worse, robbery. "Hah, I keep telling you, man - gotta get your hands on one of the new Vipers. They've got a new blade design that's almost silent. You could fly one in a fuckin' library. And they've got the sensor cross-section of a flea." "Sure, Q. As long as you don't mind it going down when a stray rock hits it." "Come on! The gen twos can survive most small-arms fire." "Uhhuh. Hey, I gotta go - I'll catch you later, okay?" "Sure." The line goes dead with a click, and Griff leans back in his seat, wiping his brow. He lifts a half-empty drink can to his lips, drains it, and sighs. Despite what he's told Q, there's no knockoff phaser package strapped to his drone's belly. A stolen combat drone prototype hangs in the T25's magnetized claws. It's the latest out of Sato Robotics' R&D department. It sports pulse weapons, nanosteel layered armor, the latest sensor packages, and a top speed of almost 400 miles an hour. It's worth a fortune. And Sato's not about to let it go without a fight. Suddenly, a blaring tone echoes through the basement. CONTACT: INCOMING SATO SECURITY. FOUR SATO X-50'S ON INTERCEPT. Briefly, he considers dropping the package, letting the Sato drones recover it. If his drone goes down in a fight with Sato's X-50s, he won't have enough money left to buy another. He'd lose everything. Then again, the risk is worth it. He cracks his knuckles and pulls his headset back on. --- *Want more? Join /r/OneMillionWords* 