
"Uhhh" I muttered aloud. I rubbed my eyes and blinked a few times. Nope still there. I looked around, 20, 19, 25, 22, 28, and so forth, one in every thirty was over 40, maybe 50; even fewer were in the 70's. "What the fuck" I said aloud again without realizing it. Now people started to stare, I was after all just staring at people, standing in the middle of a busy crosswalk. I just began walking when I put my hands in my pockets and an inventory window appeared in front of me. It was empty besides my phone, twenty bucks, and my keys. Wait! I thought, wheres my ID? I looked on the ground frantically but something told me to look up. Alec Schner, 1... Ok so I guess in on some kind of crazy drug, that starbucks earlier must have been laced with something. But that is my name, and 1 means... level 1? I tried to center myself and look around, then I saw him. Tall, thin, long black hair, and wearing dark brown dresscoat that seemed to be singed at the edges. Jericho Smith, Skull. He was looking at me, without breaking eye contact. He took one step but appeared next to me in an instant. "Get up kid" his voice was sharp, but deep. I did what he said but I didnt say anything back. "See that centepede? kill it." He pointed in the direction of a nearby building, I could see something skittering about and the more I focused the more I saw, Centepede, 2. Internally I couldnt help be scream A centepede is a higher level than me?!?. It must be the legs.... Needless to say I began walking to do as he said but he grabbed my shoulder. "Drink this" I drank some dark green slimly liquid before realizing what I was doing, suddenly a star icon appeared next to my name. "3000% experience boost" my heart skipped a beat. and I began running over to stomp on the centepede, and so I did. 30 pts of damage, 60 remaining. The insect turned around and hit me with some kind of spitting attack. It burned, but not that bad, like a sudden case of touching hot water through the faucet. 9 pts of damage, 91 remaining. Well I began stomping furiously on this bug, I probably looked like a mad man stroking out on coke but I was pretty sure I was already insane so what the hell. DING I heard as I grew alight, I looked up, Alec Schner, 27. My buff was gone, it must have been for one use only. I looked back to Jericho and I saw his level, I couldnt help but freak out as it suddenly stood out among all others, it was red, and was 99. "I lost a bet to my guild master, now I gotta get one of you scrubs to raid level, cmon we got a week." Jericho said. He motioned with his hand for me to follow and I did. This is real... I grew stronger, I can feel it... I could only ask one thing, although I think I already knew the answer. "What do I do now?" He turned and smiled, pointing to the border of my city, where hellfire now existed, dragons flew across the sky, monsterous horros crept along the ground, and a giant sword sat plunged in the center of the battle field. Jericho finally opened his thin lips to speak. "Git gud" 