
I strode up the iron stairs towards the God of War. The gun in my hand was loaded with ammunition painstakingly etched with runes of banishment. Wards of negation hung around my neck and wrists. Everyone said this was folly, that there had to be a reason the Gods didn't care when one was replaced. But I did care. Armies had rampaged through my city, levelling entire blocks without concern for the civilian inhabitants. I wasn't going to kill this God because I wanted his power - I just want the wars to stop. If I took his throne, I could stop them. Humanity would finally have peace. I expected to see a reaction as I approached. Fear of death, maybe. Anger, certainly. Instead, I saw...boredom? Relief? It didn't matter, and I took careful aim at the God's face. I am better than him - I won't cause suffering. But something made me hesitate. "Well?" The God asked, his tone disinterested. "Are you going to pull the trigger or not?" "If I pull this trigger, even you will die! You aren't truly immortal!" I snarl, all the anger of a thousand nights of terror and untold deaths around me boiling up. "You deserve to die for what you have done!" "What I've done? WHAT I HAVE DONE?!?" The God finally shows some hint of anger. "I have done nothing! Your fellow mortals surpassed my abilities at slaughter centuries ago! Humans blame the Gods for your failings because it's easier!" "I don't believe you!" My finger tightens on the trigger, almost against my will. The God just looks disgusted, then waves his hand dismissively. "Then shoot. I have been the God of War for more than a thousand years. I had my fill of slaughter before I shoved a blade into Ares' throat, and what led me to that act paled in comparison with what I've seen since." I stared for a moment longer, then pulled the trigger. The God's head snapped back, and he slumped on the throne. At the same moment, I convulsed as power ripped through me. Slumping to the ground next to the throne, I realized I was panting for breath. I could see all of them. Every act of violence in the world. Not just wars - men beating their wives. Children torturing animals. Skirmishes, pitched battles...I saw all the horrors of violence. But I'm the God of War, now, and I can stop it all. I reached out to force the crimes and battles to stop...and nothing happened. Slowly, I realized the truth; the God had told me the truth. Humanity didn't need a God of War, because the desire for violence came from within us. And I, the man who sacrificed my very humanity to stop the slaughter, instead would spend eternity as a witness to all the horrors humanity's fertile imagination could conjure. As tears rolled down my cheeks, I began to scream. 