
"Has he figured it out yet?" Stacey wiped the blood from the thin line across her neck as the flesh stitched together. Brad huffed. "No." "The fuck is taking so goddamn long?" Ellen helped her thigh in place, braced against the door to the cabin. The blood around her had thickened to a deep dark brown as the sinew of muscle slithered out to pull the severed limb nearer. "He's one of those back wood's yokel types." Brad shook out his shirt, drops of the dark brown blood clumping on the floor with the buckshot. "Horror movie stand-ins." "Motherfucker probably doesn't know how to read," Ellen said. "Come on, that's not fair." Stacey put her hands on her hips and glared down the other two. Her skin stuck to the hip of her pants, sticky mess layering her fingers. "He's trying his best." "Is Will back yet?" Ellen asked. Brad shook his head. "Still outside. Don't think he got him-" The quick shot interrupted Brad and followed with a throaty terrible scream. "I don't see why he shoots your two fucks," Ellen grumbled. "Why do they always like to cut up girls?" Stacey smiled and shook her shoulders. "We're clearly cuter, deserving of more attention." "You scream more," Brad said without turning from the window. "I most certainly do NOT scream more than Will. Listen to him," Ellen waved at the door as her leg finished reattaching. With a weak hobble, refusing Stacey's offered hand, she stood. Outside Will cried and moaned, pleading, begging, bargaining for his unending life. "That is overboard." "He's selling it," Brad smirked. Stacey nodded. "Will's always wanted to be an actor." "He's killed Will twice now. *Twice*." Ellen joined Brad at the window and looked out onto the misty night. Between the trees, a dim light blared casting shadows of the two figures in the far distance. "Maybe that's why it's taking so long?" Stacey joined them, her hips wiggling between Brad and Ellen. "Think he's looking harder?" "Take your top off and he might," Brad leered at Stacey's loose fitted top as it gaped to show her bra. "No. Not again. Last time that hook freak tried to bite them. It may not last long but it hurts and that's an image I just never want to see again. " Stacey shuddered. "His teeth were *sooo* yellow." "How about you, Brad?" Ellen smacked his shoulder. Another round of bloody buckshot rolled from his shirt. "It's current year. You could be his type. Take your shirt off and have a go at the old man?" Before he could answer the back door slammed open and Will lumbered toward the three. His shirt dripped with fresh red blood. The side of his face was mangled and the lower half of his jaw sat slack. Despite the wound the wide grin, lopsided and dripping, reached nearly to his ear. "He sot 'e in eh ace!" The three "teens" stifled their laughs as Will joined them at the window. "Whose turn now?" Stacey asked. "Brad." "'Ads." "Oh yeah, definitely Brad." Brad sighed and rolled his eyes. He moved to take off his bloody shirt but Ellen shook her head and stopped him. "Leave it on. Give the poor sap a chance to recognize you." "If he shoots me in the fucking face..." "I'll walk out topless if he does," Stacey countered. Brad nodded as he chuckled and opened the front door. He took in a deep breath and started to jog into the dark forest. "Will?" he called out. "Will? Where are you? This isn't funny, man!" "50 bucks says he shoots him." Ellen riffled through her pocket and pulled out the stained bills. "' 'eal." Will pulled out his wallet with his mangled fingers as his jaw clicked back into place. "Double if he's decapitated?" "You're on, smiley." "I missed our vacations." Stacey took their cash, tucked it into her blood stained top, and all three leaned into the window as the sound of a chainsaw rumbled from the hazed forest. 