
My head was pounding. What the hell had happened last night? I'd drunk...damn, I couldn't remember anything after the tenth. Where was I? What was I laying in? What was my head resting on? What was I wearing? Careful investigation revealed the answers were, in order - an alley near campus, a pool of water - I think salt water from how dry my skin felt, a coconut (no idea where that came from) and nothing but a sombrero, a single sock, and three pairs of boxers. *Man, I can't wait to get the story from tonight.* Also near me in the alley? A laptop. Expensive looking, too. Some kind of fancy case, looked like black glass. I picked it up. I'd get it back to the dorm, and put up a facebook ad to let people know I found it. Maybe the person who used it didn't password protect it. Thankfully, some searching in the alley found some of my clothes. Pants, thank god. No shirt, but at least it was warm. I staggered back towards my dorm. If I had been paying closer attention, I might have noticed the strange runes that burned on the ground where it lay. --- When I got back to the dorm, I took care of a few important details first. Water, tylenol, bacon - the holy trinity of hangovers. That dealt with, I opened the laptop. It was something else. The black glass made up almost the entire thing, but the keys were the white of old piano keys. Ivory. It wasn't laid out in the classic QWERTY either, the keys in some weird arrangement and a bottom row of what looked like runes. *Sweet mod, bro.* The screen powered up. It was black, and an old-school DOS style command displayed on the screen. Line one just read "Reality 1.2 - Debug Mode." The second line read "Input" followed by a carrot. I laughed. So there was a game loaded or something? Or it was some weird kind of security system. Just for fun, I typed in "Spawn.Beer" And suddenly there was one, right next to me. *No, freaking, way.* I had to be dreaming, but...okay, let's run with this. "Spawn.1000dollars" and there it was. Just poof, out of thin air. Okay, okay. I took a deep breath. This was...this could be huge. If I wasn't dreaming or crazy...did I just start cheating at life? But...so I could spawn whatever I wanted, that was pretty obvious. Maybe I could change other variables, but...but what if I entered the code wrong? I could break everything. Like...could I crash reality? On a whim, I tried something: "Spawn.DebugDocumentation" It nearly broke my leg. Seriously, the book that slammed into my leg was huge - like several textbooks stapled together. It flumped to the floor with a sound like a gunshot. On the front page it read "Documentation: Reality 1.2" "Man, this is almost too easy." I flipped through some pages, and found some codes that I wanted. First of all, I changed some of my own variables. An extra two inches on top, taking me up over six feet finally. I dropped my weight by twenty pounds, and upped my strength by one hundred percent - which gave me muscle mass to match. I didn't find anything right away for GodMode, and honestly, I was too eager to try out some of these other codes. A few I decided right away I wasn't going to use. I could, for example, make someone fall in love with me - or in lust - with a few button presses. I did that, though, and...well, technically that'd be forced, right? So yeah, gonna pass on that. I'd keep money spawning from any huge amounts - too big a risk of being caught. And...until I knew what I was doing better, let's stay away from the UniversalConstants settings. No lowering gravity or giving random people (or myself) superpowers or anything. Not until I knew what I could do. Except one. I double, triple checked the documentation. "SetValue:Plutonium-All | SetValue:Plutonium-238" Enter. There we go. I'd just disabled pretty much every nuclear weapon on the planet. Just to be the safe side, I covered my bases "SelectAll:HydrogenBomb,NuclearBomb,NuclearMissile | AddError:FailToDetonate." Boom. You're welcome, earth. No more risk of nuclear war. Once I was more sure of myself I'd fix climate change too, but that was probably harder. I looked around. "Oh, Crap." The power was out. I guess I just accidentally broke the power plant? I didn't know we ran on nuclear power here. This was going to be complicated. I did set my maximum lifespan to 10,000 years. So, at least I'd have plenty of time to learn, right? In hindsight, I wish I had considered the possible implications. If Reality was a game, and the people were players, cheating was probably frowned upon. Which meant I'd attracted the attention of the Admins, and they were ready to start banning. --- more at /r/Hydrael_Writes 