
The basement shook. Dust fell and stuck to my sweaty arms. The putrid stench of rotting meat filled my lungs and mouth with a dry, rancid taste, and as I looked at my bloodied dagger and the writing mass of tentacles in front of me, all I could think was '*this is going so much better than the last time.'* My name is Kyle Weatherby. I work at Chick-Fil-A. I also hunt eldritch monstrosities. And, as it turns out, these two jobs are one and the same. How did I get here? *** I sat at home on Sunday, wearing my baggy pajamas and enjoying a quiet morning to myself. The birds chirped their autumn woes and a pot of chili stewed on the counter. It started with a phone call; I didn't recognize the number. "Hello?" "Good morning, Kyle. This is the distr*1.000.000*ict Office of Chick-Fil-A calling" "Chick-Fil-A? On a Sunday? You're sounding all weird. Is there some static on your end?" *Click.* I never heard from that number again. I'm told that ninety-nine percent of people hear only the static. I was the lucky one percent. I spent the rest of the day lounging around and eating chili, watching football and shooting the shit with friends. Nothing important or eventful happened; nothing else came of the phone call. Three weeks passed. It's Sunday again. I cancelled all my busy appointments so that I have ample time to sit around and do nothing. Around noontime, I get a call from my manager. "Heyo," I said. "Kyle. I need yo*1.000.000*ur help. " Carla said with the utmost sincerity. A chill ran down my spine. "What's going on? Carla, are you alright? I can barely hear you!" "Come to the store. I can't explain now, ok? I need you here. " I figured I was getting canned, or worse. I threw on my galoshes and hurried down the small-town streets as fast as my loyal beater would take me. But it wasn't fast enough. The side of the building looked like it had been smashed with a wrecking ball. Green smoke rose from the kitchen. The air cackled around me with the vibrant pulsations of strange electricity; blue sparks danced down the brick facade. And there in the middle of it stood Carla. Her large and cranky hands wielded a spatula and a big spoon and her eyes blazed vengeance. Alone--she faced the beast. The tentacled horror slinked out from the bowels of the restaurant basement. Yellow spots dotted its calloused feelers. It moaned, such a haunting sound, as if all time and space had bent its will in tune with the beast, an ear shattering and heart wrenching cry of antiquity that simply translated to, "I'm hungry." And while I knew the cry was inscrutable, somehow, I understood. *"Feed me!"* The creature surged forward into the front of the restaurant. It started absorbing the chairs and tables. A great blackness swirled around its many eyes. I ran forward, finding strange courage inside me. "Wait! Carla, I can help!" "Kyle?"--she turned around--"Get over here!" I ran to the half-destroyed kitchen. "I can fix this, I can fix this!" My eyes searched the shelves madly. Lettuce! Tomato! Fried chicken--Chick-Fil-A sauce--sesame bun. As on instinct, I rushed towards the monster. "Your order is ready!" I screamed, shouting until my head felt faint and my voice cracked. Then I grabbed a tray, used my best ultimate Frisbee toss, and launched the sandwich straight into the infinite maw of darkness. The beast stopped. Time seemed to slow to a crawl. I watched with wide eyes and shaking hands as the beast sniffed and huffed and wiggled its tentacles in glee. Then it slunk back down into the basement. "Thank you," the creature said. I smiled weakly. "My pleasure." *** r/BLT_WITH_RANCH 