
Steve enjoyed his job as Fireball Trainer. Out of all of the skills available to players in MageQuest, the lowly Fireball was the most versatile, and, in his opinion, the most fun to use. Steve's job was to unlock the ability for players, and then instruct them on how to use it. The player has to hold the Fireball button, which begins charging the skill. While charging, the player can aim it in any direction. The Fireball travels further based on the amount of time the Fireball button is held, but holding the Fireball button for too long causes the Fireball to explode, hurting the player and anything nearby. The player also has to take into account gravity when using the skill, as the Fireball will fall as it travels. Steve's tutorial consisted of a set of trials, where the player would have to hit various targets from designated locations. The targets included lighting lamps, burning ropes, and hitting moving cutouts of monsters. It was a well designed tutorial, and Steve always got a chuckle whenever a newbie holds the Fireball for too long. The only problem with the tutorial was that it was unskippable, and annoyed repeat players would impatiently skip through Steve's explanation on the lore of the Fireball and how to use the amazing skill. It was a day filled with this type of encounters that Steve witnessed...Her. The 4th skipper of the day had just finished the Fireball Tutorial, blowing through the explanation that would normally have been the highlight of Steve's job. As the training arena reset itself, he turned towards the path that came from the previous skill tutorial, Shield, and prepared for the next player. He hoped that this next player would be a beginner, so that he would be able to perform his full duty as the Fireball Trainer. A moment later, a female player came around the bend, and Steve stared in a mix of shock and confusion. Instead of walking down the path, or sprinting as repeat players would normally do, She was traveling backwards using repeated back-flips, a move usually reserved for avoiding enemy attacks. Her back-flip movement was so fast, that She crossed the distance to Steve's arena in a tenth of the time it would take even a repeat player to cross. Steve was speechless for a moment, before remembering that he had a tutorial to conduct. He began to speak of the lore of the Fireball, but She began skipping through his lecture and instructions. Steve fumed at being skipped for the 5th time in a row, but his anger immediately melted into confusion as She began channeling the Fireball, while aiming it directly upwards. He watched as the Fireball grew in Her hand, and was about to begin his reprimand that followed when a player overcharged the Fireball, when She released it at the last second. In quick succession, She unleashed Fireballs at each of the targets, even ones that were not visible from Her current position. Torches flared to life, ropes burned, and cutouts exploded one after another. Finally, before Steve could start his congratulations script for clearing the trial, She took a step forward, jumped in place, and activated the Shield skill from the previous arena. The first Fireball, the one She had launched directly up, landed in an explosion, which was absorbed by the Shield, and propelled Her directly through the arena's exit door. She was only there for a total of 10 seconds, but in those 10 seconds, Steve had seen the pure mastery of his skill, and he fell to his knees and wept in pure joy. First time writing one of these prompts, criticism would be appreciated. Edit: fixed a few spelling mistakes, and minor readability change 