
"You're a guardian angel, aren't you?" I said accusingly, barging my way past Sarah and into her apartment. She ran a hand through her hair. "Oh hey, James, why don't you come in?" "I'm not an idiot, Sarah. Since you entered my life last year, you've... You've changed everything. You've done impossible things. Like, like, it was thanks to the camera that *you* lent me that I caught my wife - ex-wife - cheating. Thanks to the helmet you bought me that my bike accident wasn't worse. And now today - an hour ago -that bear you bought me... It saved my fucking life. So don't act like I'm stupid. I know what you are!" Sarah swallowed hard and her cheeks grew pink. "I'm sorry I couldn't tell you sooner. But it's against the rules. Please understand." She looked embarrassed. There was something innocent and beautiful about her expression. I ran a hand through my hair. "I knew it. I just fucking knew it! This last year has been too crazy to be real." "Not just the last year." I frowned. "What do you mean?" She shrugged and smiled. "I've always been there for you James. You just maybe didn't always realise it. I had a different name back then." She removed her glasses and placed them down onto the table, then pulled back her hair. It took me a moment to recognise her from the little girl I'd known at school. "Erica?" I whispered. "Surprise. " "Erica? You can't be... I don't understand... Why-" "Your parents were going through a divorce," she explained. "And you were being bullied about it at school. You needed me then, just like you do now." The memories flooded back. Events I hadn't thought about in years. "They... They said you stabbed Andrew in the eye with a compass. That's why you got expelled. Is that true?" "He didn't bother you after that, did he? Sometimes my job isn't easy or pleasant. " I shook my head. "His parents pulled him out of the school. Jesus, so you were looking out for me even back then!?" "Always, James. Don't you understand? I belong to you. And you do to me. That's how it works." "You saved my life tonight." I held out my trembling arms as I approached her. "My breaks failed and... And... " Sarah approached me and wrapped her arms around me. "Shh, baby. It's okay. I'm here. I've always been here." I closed my eyes and lay my head on her shoulder as she ran a hand through my hair. Why I hadn't I realised before just how much I needed her? I pulled my head back and looked in her cool blue eyes. Her perfect eyes. "Can I...? Can we..." She answered by pressing her lips hard against mine. Before I closed my eyes, something on the table next to her glasses caught my attention. They looked like scissors, but thicker and with bigger handles. A peculiar thing for an angel to have, I thought, before shutting my eyes and kissing her back. 