
The Son of God sat upon his throne, waiting. Thousands of the damned came upon his door everyday, hoping to defeat him, and pass through the pearly gates to heaven. Yet, they all failed. Satan gave the damned plenty of choice. As they screamed across the scorched fields, the eternal hellfire surrounding them, ravaging demons, they became stronger in abilities they wanted to have. Some chose strength, ripping apart their foes with their bare hands. Some chose to be fast, felling demons before they could even strike. Some chose to be stealthy, avoiding encounters all together, only killing sneakily when they have to. All of this, just for a chance to escape. To escape the land of eternal suffering. But none succeeded. The strong, the fast, the stealthy, the smart, all perished at the hands of Jesus, the guardian of Heaven. He stood tall, picking off the damned like flies. They started out strong, but soon faltered as they ran out of equipment and their health. And when they were weakened and powerless, he dragged the poor souls, and nailed them to his cross. As they cried in pain, their soul was ripped apart, never to coalesce back to sentience. But this soul was different. He jumped around the white chamber with reckless abandon. He was well armoured and we'll armed, much more so than the damned that rely on their abilities to succeed. But underneath his iron skin, Jesus saw weakness. He laughed, his voice booming across the hall. "I shall wring you out your tin can, fool, and crush you like a snail outside it's shell. However, I must admire your collection. Rarely do the damned come prepared. Regardless, I think I'll see your soul flowing along the winds of time. Let us begin!" Jesus was wrong. Every strike that the son of God made magically missed the soul. Even if he did manage to hit him, it hardly did any damage. On the other hand, the soul seemed carefree. Every flimsy punch was a critical strike to Jesus. Every arrow he fired somehow bounced back on his target. He never was low on equipment, he just smashed a common pot lying around and it dropped a rare healing herb or a quiver full of dark arrows. Jesus lay on the floor, defeated. "Congratulations, mortal. You defeated me. How, I do not know, but you have proved yourself worthy of redemption. Come, take this key, and march on the land of eternal bliss" "I refuse." "Do not jest, you puny soul! You may have humiliated me in battle, but that doesn't mean you have ascended above me!" "I may not have what you consider to be power, son of God. But I am brave. Brave enough to forfeit the powers that my peers chose, to keep them safe. My choice was different. It was strange. But look where we are now. Indeed, fortune **does** favour the brave" The soul dragged a screaming Jesus to the cross. And he bellowed above the screams of pain, with every nail being hammered down. "I shall take your throne! I shall rule your hall! I shall control who deserves redemption! My name shall bring fear to the damned! No matter how powerful you are, I shall prevail upon you by fluke! Hear me, son of God, as you breathe your last! I am RNGesus! Master of Fortune!" *Thanks to u/Greymor for the idea** 