
[PART 2] (https://www.reddit.com/r/redditserials/comments/d9msms/the_dragons_apprentice_part_2) There he was. Just a child really, standing before me. Sure he was dressed in the gleaming armour and wielded the supposedly righteous sword of Resnal, but he was just a child. He was giving a speech now, on how I was the bane of the world. The Mother of all Evil. But even to me it sounded hollow. I stood, my dark gown pooling at my feet, and cut him off mid sentence. "Child, what is your name?" He blinked at me, his large golden eyes visible through the visor of his helmet. I could see the confusion there, as he blinked again. "I'm Thale, defender of the -" he was going to go into his titles. I could hear it. "Ah, Thale. Would you mind lowering your sword. There's no need. I just want to talk. If - after - you still feel the need to kill me, well I won't defend myself." The tip of the sword fell a fraction of an inch. "Why? What do you - " "Thale!" The woman who had to be a priestess of Resnal from her robes, cut in. "You must smite her now!" "Relly, she hasn't stopped us from entering. No one has tried to kill us here. She just said I can kill her after we talk!" He turned to look at her, annoyance written on his face. "She's just trying to trick you!" Another party member, perhaps their mage, said. As Thale turned to glare at that man, I cleared my throat. "Just shut up, Asper." He shot, before turning back to me. "You ah - seem to be in disagreement with your friends." I said lightly. The anger i could see in his eyes was not directed at me. "They are *not* my friends," he said roughly as he glanced behind himself once again. "The King assigned them to me." "Oh? The chosen one needed a nanny?" I asked, enjoying the looks of anger on the man and woman's faces. "Yes! They haven't left me alone for even a moment since I was declared Resnal's chosen," he said through gritted teeth. "Would you like to talk? My offer is still on the table." I grabbed at the faint traces of magic swirling in the room, and used them to temporarily silence and bind his companions. I rolled my eyes slightly as the woman got out a choked, "No!" before the spell took hold. Thale glanced back again, and could see her straining against the spell. "What did you do to them!" He asked mildly, as if my answer would sway his feelings. "Nothing but bind and gag them with magic. They are fine, and I will free them once we've talked." "They shall not be harmed?" he asked doubtfully. "Never." I gestured at him to follow me to my sitting room. As I walked, I saw him take his helmet off and I was slightly surprised to see that he was even younger than I had expected. Maybe sixteen, if he was in the right light. How dare Resnal or anyone, decide that a child would be the warrior of their fight. I sat on a small lounge, and motioned for him to sit wherever he pleased. "Would you like a refreshment? A drink, or food?" I asked, waving for a servant. "I'm good, thank you. Miss bossy out there made sure that we stopped to eat and drink before we entered your keep." "Of course she did. Got to have you feeling fresh before you slay the evil witch." I couldn't help but snicker. He grinned slightly, but looked down at his feet. "What did you want to talk about?" I had been going to tell him I was planning on leaving. That the magic here had grown thin... But something about the way he had bickered with his group. Said they weren't his friends. When I opened my mouth, my words surprised me, "Would you like to join me here? Forsake the kingdom. Forsake Resnal?" "Yes." I looked up, surprised. "You would forsake it all to join me?" "Will I just be a puppet to you as well?" he asked, his voice dour and his head turned ever so slightly in the direction of main hall where his companions were. "No. You may be my apprentice - if you like, or you can simply stay here with me. I will not hold you to any expectations other than what you are - a child. Yes you are near manhood, but you should not be here today. It was wrong of them to send you." "Then yes." he said nodding. He had sheathed his sword when he had entered, but he stood up and threw it on the ground, followed by the plate armor from his arms and chest. "Shall I teleport your travel companions away? We could make it look like I killed you?" I asked, already heading to the main hall once again. "Yes, send them away. Far far away. If I ever have to hear one more demand from Relly my head is going to explode." "Well then, far away they shall go," I said as we entered the hall. Relly's eyes locked on mine and then on Thale. I released the binding spell, and then opened a portal beneath their feet. It was harder than I would have liked, the magic too thin here for me to maintain it long. But then they were gone, and Thale and I were left standing there alone. "You know, I could use a drink now," he said. He was pale, but smiling. --- [PART 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/redditserials/comments/d9msms/the_dragons_apprentice_part_2) For more by me r/LandOfMisfits For more by me and others, r/redditserials 