
"How has the wall on the south fortification been holding up?" Klereth lounged in his seat, his eyes dully trained on the being in front of him. The lich consulted a sheet in front of him, a skeletal finger tracing across the page. "Four attacks in the last three months, but no breaches, my liege." Klereth nodded. "That is good, but we should build it up more. Four tries is four too many for my liking. Have one of the goblin contingents from the east corridor set up a patrol." "Are you speaking of the battalion in the Acid Hall?" "...No, take the group from the Spike Chasm instead. That is all. You may go." The undead monster bowed extravagantly. "Of course, Master." Replacing the report in its tattered robes, the lich turned and left the chamber. Klereth sighed and rubbed his eyes. Years of being in the keep has taken a toll on his body. His skin was gaunt and clung tightly to his bones. His hair was thin and wispy, barely hanging on in places. *How did it come to this?* Klereth had only wanted to provide for his family, but when all those groups came tromping through his land, taking his livelihood, he knew ha had to do something. At first, it hadn't been much, just a big pit filled with rats. Klereth knew it would not stop the adventurers, but if he could even deter them for a little bit, it might be worth it. But then it had worked. The bodies started to pile up. Klereth built more pits, scrounging the gold he could get from the bodies to build more defenses. A boulder here, some poison darts there, and soon it had spiraled out of control. When the goblins came, he had thought it was all over. He had heard stories about how ruthless they were from other farms in the area, but had been lucky to this point. His luck continued at this point; the chieftain of the goblin tribe explained that they had heard about his effectiveness against the "good guys", and offered the services of the tribe in exchange for housing and some small payment. Klereth, seeing an opportunity, took it immediately and was able to sit back while his growing army of minions handled the upkeep of the traps, development of new areas, and taming of the wild creatures that they used to supplement their forces. The safety was not without cost, though. The family that he had worked to save had deserted him. His wife, at first approving of the idea, had packed up and left during the night. He was able to catch sight of them as they rode away. The sight of his daughter crying, clutching her doll in fear, still rang with him. His thoughts were broken by a commotion outside the keep. A clattering of metal and shouts filled the halls, followed by screaming. Klereth sat up in his throne, a look of concern etched across his mottled face. Soon, there was silence, then the door burst open. An eclectic group stood in the doorway, some worse for wear than others. The leader, a scarred man covered almost head to toe in armor, pointed toward Klereth menacingly. "Vile monster, you have wrought pain and suffering on this land. Your dungeon will be painted with your blood. Have you any final words?" Klereth grimaced, his teeth rotten and cracked. As he spoke, the adventurers in front of him shuddered, with the elf in the back visibly attempting not to vomit. "I tell you this, on my honor. You will NOT GET MY TURNIPS!" /u/TemporaryPatch New Years Resolution Tracker: 34/100. Visit /r/TemporaryPatchWrites for more responses and stories! 