
He was in my arms, unconscious, bleeding all over my expensive night robe, Powerbuster. My Egyptian silk night robe would never be the same. I should have taken a step back. Let him fall face first in his spandex in front of this quiet suburban neighborhood. Let the police find him. But I held on. Because of his weight. He weighed so little. In our fights, he always threw stuffs at me. Telephone poles, cars, buses. I thought he would have weighed a ton, but here resting on my chest, he weighed like any teenage boy. How old was he? Eighteen? He was barely an adult. I pulled him inside and rested him on the couch. No time to put plastic sheet on. Alexandria would have yelled at me for this, if she still lived. I checked his neck and spine. He shouldn't be able to move if he was injured, but you never knew with superheroes. I checked his head for trauma. Lit a flashlight under his eyes. Then, gently, I removed his superhero spandex. I held my breath. Having tough skin as my superpower, I never thought about wounds, but looking at Power--no, looking at Brent Buster as a boy for the first time shook me. His body was bruised and cut with healing scars. Missing patches of skin here and there, keroids on another. I spotted the newest wound, blunt object at the chest. Ribs cracked. The blood I saw at first was actually minor. He probably flew into some glasses after he was hit. I sucked in my breath. This was why I hated superheroes. No, I didn't hate the people performing the job, but I hate how they were portrayed. People worshiped so much. Expect so much. These kind of expectation broke boys and girls, crushing them under. Most superheroes never thought of it, but I wonder if they knew deep down. One day, all of them would find a supervillain they could not beat. This was why I quitted. This was why I dedicated my time overthrowing all the superhero schools, the trainings, the organizations. I never wanted a superhero. I wanted them to be seen as what they truly were. They were children. I bandaged his wound and pumped my healing magic into the young hero. Praying to my elder gods that gave me such powers. And I waited for him to wake up. Maybe I could help the superheroes. One at a time. Until all knew the truth. 