
Part 1 - Part 2 Added - Part 3 Added "So you're not going to stick a probe up my butt?" Sometimes all you can do is crack a joke, regardless of the situation. A nude man sweats while restrained on a stainless steel metallic chair. Fear can overpower the freezing effect of skin on metal, especially when confronted by two vaguely humanoid creatures out of a bad Star Trek episode. They make gurgling noises to each other before one places a small black box near its throat. The man listens to the humanoid ask various questions in different languages, many he recognizes but cannot speak. "Do you understand me, human?" "Yes!" He leans forward a bit, rocking the chair. "Yes, I understand you." "Good. So we have good news and bad news. Bad news. You've been abducted." So perhaps crazy people on the internet had been right along? The aliens were abducted us. For what nefarious experiments? How many autopsies? How many senseless scientific mutilations? The other part of the man knows that perhaps it would be best to remain calm. How exactly had he ended up on the ship? He didn't know. In bed one moment, butt ass naked and strapped to a chair the next. You know, normal Tuesday stuff. The humanoids are wearing clothing of some kind. Okay. There doesn't appear to be any kind of weapon or torture device nearby. Just a sterile room. Extremely cold. Serious testicular shrinkage. "Listen, human, the good news is that you don't have to go back to Earth." What? "More bad news. You're going to a human sanctuary." This seems like something he's seen on television before. "What?" One humanoid folds what looks like hands on the table before the human. "Your species has a 83.458% chance of extinction, and since you're technically in alliance space, we have an obligation to safeguard your species." The other humanoid leans back. "Also, you guys are pretty adorable." The weird fake inflections in the automated voice lent a surreal experience to this conversation. Either someone has just slipped him something incredibly strong, or he's lost his shit. "So, here's the deal. You get dumped on a sanctuary planet. Sometimes tourists will come by and try to stick stuff up your butt. Just naturalist curiosity." The other chimes in that same monotone, "Some may try to mate with you." The world is beginning to swim. "Why are you doing this to me? Why me in particular?" One does something close to a shrug. "I don't know. You were just there. Why does anything happen to anyone?" The human is most likely going to vomit. "Besides we posted a loss last quarter and really need every tax exemption we can get. Just thank whatever God you have you're not with us on business hours." The human can't stop blinking. "Why?" "Because eighty percent of the time we're poachers." "Ah." Both of them stand and lift the human from the chair, severing his bonds and leading him out into a misty hallway. Each step cold, the metal mesh digging small diamonds into his feet. At the end of the hallway a room. A pair of beds. White clothing. A tray with puke green slop. The door slams behind him. "Enjoy your stay, human." An already sleeping companion. Slim, male, bald. A soft voice from the supposedly sleeping form. "We can get out of here, but you have to trust me." -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 