
Sometimes, I watch Stacey when she sleeps. She has this bad habit of leaving her laptop propped open. The little red light of her webcam blinks through the dark, and I sit, hundreds of miles away, watching Stacey's outline coalesce on my grainy NSA observation screen. Blink. Blink. Blink. Until the sun rises. Tomorrow will make a year's worth of observation for me. Three-hundred-sixty-five days of Stacey McDonnough, hardlined through her webcam or her phone, or her car's bluetooth speakers. My boss can't complain, because this project of mine is all on my own free time. That doesn't stop my colleagues from frowning, though. They whisper nasty rumors. I'm sure they think I'm crazy. Hell, most people would agree. But I've seen something in Stacey; something the others can't quite glean. My original briefing read: > *Stacey McDonnough* is a seventeen year old female with alarming genetic and social markers. Father was killed in a mosque. Mother is continuously in rehab. *Stacey McDonnough* is flagged as **potential security risk**. Observation recommended. See, that's the problem with all our briefs. How do you boil a human down to a few sentences? All our marks are so much *more*. Stacey is just another case in point. Trust me. I've seen. Most nights I marvel at her eyes. They're large and beautiful, but I can't quite tell what color they are. Some nights they look as blue as a bar sign, but that might just be the glare. Other times they look like they might just be chestnut--dark and rich and full of character. Most other nights she's crying too hard to see any color at all. "Sweet girl," I whisper, as pointless as that might seem. "You'll be just fine." If I were to present my findings, my superiors would cluck. They'd rifle through the reddit logs, the midnight text messages, the twitter post history, and their foreheads would crinkle so deep they might as well be trenches. "We're concerned about you, John. You need to move on," they might say in those gruff, apathetic voices. "She's just a moody girl. No further observing required." I'd shuffle on my feet and beg they reconsider. "You don't understand," I might say, face pale as the moon. "Yesterday she bought a gun." I'd heard her make the purchase through her pocketed iPhone. Her granular voice struck me like a bell. "This will have no problem *killing*, yeah?" My heart sank as her bank account drained itself of several hundred dollars. Of course, I'd never *actually* report Stacey to my superiors. That would fuck everything up royally. To be honest, most would report *me* for failing at my duties. I can hear their words now. "Your little *obsession* could kill innocent civilians." They'd spit in my face and label me a creep. But then again, most don't understand. If I report her, the police will storm her little apartment. She'll end in jail, further jaded to society. Or she'll bounce in and out of rehab like her mother, never quite getting the help she needs. If that happened...I don't know how I'd go on. Today, when she comes home after school, she turns the pistol over a thousand times atop her study. My hands go so clammy as I watch those familiar emotions ripple across her face. I breathe a heavy sigh of relief as the sweet girl tucks the pistol inside her drawer. Her face is still wet with tears when she tucks in for sleep. I watch her blankets shudder, making a silent promise to *never* report her. Instead, I break all protocol and send her a message. I don't know what else to do. You see, I'd been suicidal too, once. Until a stranger said something kind. The little green letters flash on her screen. "You are loved." Blink. Blink. Blink. Until the sun rises. In the morning, she might raise her eyebrows in surprise. But maybe the message will sink in. Because tomorrow will be a year's worth of observing Stacey McDonnough. And I'm desperately hoping for many more. ----------- r/M0Zark 