
It was evening rush hour, and the Interstate was clogged worse than a yeti's bathtub. J. Robert Harris sat in driver's seat of his Mercedes and alternately debated the merits of upgrading to this year's model of the car, or just chucking it all in and going to live in a hut of a tropical beach and surviving off fish and coconuts. It is worth noting that Robert Harris did not particularly like the taste of fish or coconut. It amazed him that this many cars could fit on the highway. When you thought about it, the commute from his law office to his large house in the suburbs was only a few miles, and yet the highway seemed to stretch on interminably. "Find alternate routes," he ordered. The GPS pinged back at him, and said. "One alternate route found. It's faster. Much, much faster. In fact you'd be an idiot not to take it, a complete moron- ouch, " there was a muffled thump and a pause, "-so in four hundred yards turn left." Robert Harris frowned. Was the GPS acting up? Perhaps he should get that new Merc sooner rather than later. And he could have sworn that the GPS usually had a bland woman's voice with a regionless accent. Just now it had sounded more like a child, high and squeaky. The new route popped up on the GPS screen, and showed him turning off the highway into a field. "Cancel," Robert said. "Stick with the original route." "Aw, c'mon, mister," the GPS said. It did not change the route back. The car ahead, an old Toyota with a bumper sticker that read "Stony Pines Elementary School", jerked forwards a few yards, as if the attendee of the school were the one at the wheel. Robert eased up on the brake and let the Merc coast gently forwards to close the space. "It'll be worth it," the GPS promised. It was definitely a kid's voice. Robert frowned. Had his children played some sort of joke on him? "Turn GPS off," he ordered. The screen went black. The voice said, "What'd you go and do that for?" "Who the hell is this?" Robert demanded. Ahead, a car tried to pull in between him and the Toyota, and he honked angrily and then immediately felt bad about it and let the other car in. "If you've hacked into my car, I'm going to sue your ass off. This is a gross breach of privacy." The traffic began to roll forwards. "Soup my ass?" the voice squeaked indignantly. "Now 'old on, mister. Ain't no call for that." "Get the hell out of here," Robert said. He realized he was sweating uncomfortably. The GPS's voice changed. It was a woman now, but not the normal one. This one was a low purr that made every surface of the car tingle with electricity. It was the sort of voice that actresses in certain types of films tried to achieve, but they never managed it like this. She said, "Turn left in fifty yards." Robert glanced ahead. There was no left turning ahead, just the barrier at the side of the highway. "No," he said, but he could sense the weakness in his voice. The traffic was picking up speed now. Robert could see a small gap in the barrier, just ahead. In a few seconds he'd be past it. The voice whispered, "It is time you discovered the truth. Turn... left... NOW!" His better judgment shoved into a corner of his brain by the intoxicating voice, Robert spun the wheel. The Merc darted across the next lane between a couple of SUVs. Horns blared. A corn field loomed ahead of him, beyond the gap in the barrier. Just before his car went through the barrier, shock brought Robert Harris back to his senses. "Oh, shit," he said, and closed his eyes. There was a moment of weightlessness, a sickening crunch as the Mercedes plunged into something large that definitely wasn't a cornfield, and the bang of an airbag. As the ringing in his ears subsided, a small squeaky voice said in his ear, "I think he's dead. 'Ere, you dead, mister?" And a finger poked him in his very bruised, but definitely alive, ribs. --- *Part 2 below...* 