
The invasion fleet screamed through the air above the little blue planet. A rocky one, quite small, albeit the largest orbiting its cold yellow star. The admiral's vessel led the squadron captains, the captains' ships led the crew transports, with the thousands and thousands and thousands of thousands of battle-hardened warriors. They would reduce this planet to a smoky wasteland, full of flame. The seas would boil, and plasma would arc through the blazing air onto the melting mountaintops. Just like home. Sweet, sweet home. The invasion fleet screamed through the air above a large, alien structure, a large flat plane of some artificial material. The admiral chose a spot, and gave a command. The squadron captains relayed the command to the troop carriers, and the fleet landed. A thousand and a thousand ships opened their doors, and disgorged a thousand thousand warriors, ready for battle. They paused, awaiting the word of the admiral's. He paused, waiting until his communicator told him everyone could hear. He took a deep breath, enjoying the fresh Fluorine flavour from his respirator, then readied to speak. And saw a looming figure in the distance. An inhabitant of the planet, a creature of impossible scale - a living being breathing the impossibly toxic air of this small blue planet, a single creature larger than a entire country. It raised a cylindrical tank the size of a city, there was a hiss, and the air was filled with huge droplets of burning cold liquid. The droplets smashed against the spacecraft, oozing into them, shorting the electronics, cracking the doors. They smashed against the highly trained warriors ready for battle, seeping into the respirators, into their skin, freezing and burning. They smashed against the squadron captains and the admiral. All was chaos, and burning pain. Burning, freezing pain. Then another hiss, and another, and another from the cylinder held by the gigantic creature. The droplets screamed through the air above the invasion fleet, and the hissing, freezing, burning pain continued until the admiral knew no more. ---- "Now, Joseph! What do you think yer doin'!? Why'd you spray the picnic table!? We're about ta eat!" "There's some weird bugs, maw, I's just sprayin' 'em!" Joseph's mother came to the table, and looked at the remains of the invasion fleet. She shook her head. "Well, what in the Lord's name are those little critters?" "Just some weird bugs, maw. I sprayed 'em." His mother came to a decision. "Well, don't just stand there, get your paw, it's time to eat. I'll get a cloth and clean this up." 