
The line behind Wes was growing as he sifted through pages of words on a computerized booth. Each word was followed by a price tag that reflected its complexity. "Hurry. You, hurry, please," demanded a man in a custodian gear that stood behind him. "Go. Go." The numerous people in the queue all seemed to nod in agreement. Wes had no words to reassure them that he was moving as fast as he could, so he remained silent and focused. The Department of Speech Permission, or DSP, was the government office in charge of selling word licenses to the public. For a citizen to be able to speak or write a word, the citizen must first purchase the right to use that word from this office. The DSP also had the power to set the prices. Depending on simplicity, utility or other unnamed factors, a word's price could be relatively inexpensive. Other words could be so expensive that people often choose to buy a limited number of uses. A lady in the back, dressed in a white button top, pencil skirt and black pumps yelled out, "Come on! We all have things to do." Wes couldn't help but notice how flippantly she used so many wide-utility words. She must have bought them all for unlimited use. Despite that, however, Wes knew that she was poor as well. If she were actually wealthy, she would be in the Expedited Service Section of the DSP. He was right, of course. The woman was one of the many working class that bought into the notion that you have to fake it to make it. She had spent all her savings and put herself into debt in order to keep conversation with upper management. "Just pick one! I have to get to work!" She had gotten so good at bluffing her vocabulary that people rarely notice she only used one-syllable words. Unfortunately, she was unaware her bosses had noticed and mocked her behind closed doors. Wes motioned to her as well. He had no words for her either. But not for long. Wes finally found the word for which he had been saving on his lowly salary. A bright warning prompt flashed on screen. "Unlimited?" it asked. Yes. "Are you sure?" it warned one last time. Yes. Wes basked at his profile on the computer screen. It now read: > **Wesley Thorne** Sex: Male Age: 36 Total Vocabulary: 1 Accessible Words: "Revolution" (unlimited) 