
"You want me to kill a dragon," the knight said, in disbelief. "Of course, Sir Equistern," the King replied. "It should be a simple task for a powerful knight like yourself." "Powerful knights aren't flameproof!" the knight replied. "This is a dragon we're talking about. They breathe fire! They're as big as an elephant! They eat horses for midmorning snacks! I have a lance! What is that supposed to do against a dragon?" "I'm afraid I don't know," the king replied. "I leave the dragon-slaying to my knights, you see. I can barely tell one end of the lance from the other." The knight sighed. "I see. And do your knights often come back after you send them after dragons?" "Often enough," the king replied. "I give it 1:1 odds. But if you're scared, Sir Equistern, I can send another knight to rescue my daughter." The knight seemed to slump further into the saddle. "No, that's quite alright. I'll go rescue the princess." The horse trotted out of the kingdom, the knight slumping further and further as he went. "Go be a knight," he grumbled as he went. "No one will ever notice you don't actually have a rider, knights never get out of their suit of armour anyways! It'll be easy!" So intent on his complaining, he barely noticed the smoke that trickled around his ankles, or the dark shadow being cast overhead. With a mighty roar, the dragon leapt forward, snatching the suit of armour between his jaws and crushing it instantly. The horse squealed, racing forward madly as the dragon chewed its prize. "Shhh," whispered a voice from the forest. "Come here, horsey, I won't hurt you." "Horsey?" the horse grunted, shaking his mane violently at the speaker. A pale, delicate hand emerged from the woods, reaching for his reins, pulling the horse into the woods. "There's a good horsey," the stranger said, revealing herself to be a fair maiden, dressed in a boy's tunic. She pet the horse gently. "Now lets get yo-" "I'll have you know, no one has called me 'Horsey' since my poor mother passed away," the horse said with Sir Equistern's voice. "Oh!" exclaimed the woman. "I'm sorry, I just assumed-" "You assumed wrong," the horse said. "I am Sir Equistern, on a noble mission from the king to rescue the kidnapped princess. Now unhand me." "Kidnapped?" the girl responded. "Now it's you who assumes wrong. I was not kidnapped, I left to defeat the dragon that terrorizing our country side. But the damn thing ate my horse." "Wait, you're the princess?" the horse said. The princess snorted. "Princess is a boring job. I wanted to be a knight, but apparently there are rules about that sort of thing." The horse pawed the ground nervously. "Well princess, you're in luck. The position of knight has just opened up." --- *For more stories by me, check out /r/Lexilogical! Or jump into something bigger on /r/DCFU* 