
The other customers were looking very awkward. But I'd had it. "You do *not* get to march into my workplace, threaten to murder each other, and then take it out on me when I suggest you don't murder each other," I stated. "Put your goddamn weapons down." Crossfire holstered the pistol. Mirrorstab, after some hesitation, banished the nasty shard in his hand back to the mirror-space (or whatever the hell his deal actually was). "And I'm sorry," I wasn't sorry, "but who the hell else do you expect to buy these things? I get that you've had a shock and that the two of you might not be familiar with this side of the industry, but really? Who else would buy the turrets? The blast doors? The very, very specific detection systems for named supers? The power nullification grids for those same supers?" "He's the enemy!" said Crossfire. "He's the enemy? You do a crossover every other month! You heroes are always teaming up to take on something worse, or brawling with your apparent friends for no good reason, and this is why I'm in business, because you trash entire underground complexes just to prove a point!" "Ow, ouch," Mirrorstab laughed. "And don't you goddamn start, Stab. Pointless smashing of fragile objects is your M.O. And don't think that I didn't hear what you were muttering about me letting my Mom and Dad down." Mirrorstab had the grace to look ashamed. One of his reflections started crying. I could barely see Crossfire's eyes behind her mask, but she seemed cowed. Good. To be honest she'd always irritated me, even before she started screaming and spraying bullets in the middle of my showroom. A boring powerset (good at guns! Woopydy-do!) and a terrible taste in outfit. The big "X" on her face just made it look like she was advertising being a reject hero, like someone had gone down a line and crossed-off everyone they didn't want to call for help, and more than anything else I'd resented her ignoring my advice and demanding that we built her base in an X-shape because dear god was that an inefficient use of space. But at least *she* hadn't insisted on mirrors on every possible surface. Mirrors that, get this, automatically replaced themselves once broken thanks to a forest of robot arms and a giant rack of mirrors kept in reserve. Again, I have no idea what Mirrorstab's deal is, but I suspect he liked to stab mirrors as well as stab *with* mirrors. I turned to address them both and took a deep breath. "For the record, we dealt with Sergeant Sledgehammer *and* Death Knell, and you know what? Each knew the other had one of our premier-3 HQs. And they didn't give a damn, because they were the real deal and understood how this all works. "Vincenzo's, where you get your masks? Heroes and villains both buy from him. The super clinics? You can damn well bet they don't ask who you were fighting when you got injured. They just ask if you've punched through a wall or been eye-lasered and leave it at that. "And me? Mom and Dad never asked and neither do I. You tell me what you need and I help make it happen. You want a bulletproof bedspread? Done. You want a hall of mirrors with disco balls and glitter flying through it on a special AC circuit? Done. "You're new. Everyone's new, once. You're welcome to come back, but right now? Right now I'm going to ask you to leave, and to think about the business that you're both in." 