
Acacitli raised his hands and offered the blessings in blood to Tezcatlipoca, renewing the blessings of fortune upon the lead ship Tenochtitlan. Mirror rituals were being completed on her sister vessels Tlatelolco and Tlacopan. It had been just over two months since the three proud ships had left the harbor of Cempohuallan under the celebration of Huey Tozoztli as the Tlatoani himself offered the blood rites to Yacatecutli, Quetzalcoatl, and Tlaloc. The stars had guided them as surely as the sun, and soon Acacitli knew the Gods would unveil for them the purpose of this journey. Ecatzin stepped forward to him, and offered a wet cloth for cleaning the wound Acacitli had inflicted upon himself. As blood flowed from the wound, Acacitli felt one with the Teotl, and knew no fear of the unknown. Such was it that when the men around him began exclaiming the land had been sighted, he merely smiled and offered prayers and thanks to seven different Gods that the ordeal of their journey might come to a fruitful end. It took the three mighty ships another day and a half fighting up the rocky coast lines before they came in sight of a city set against the bluffs. A mighty split in the land left a great bay opening into the busom of the land, and the city had grown to encompass the mighty valley of the bay. It was, perhaps, not so large as the cities for whom these ships were named, but it was certainly mightier than any other Aztec city, and the stench of it! In Tenochitlan, the smells of unwashed humans or massed Alpacas could be powerful, but the sweet wind of the lake would wash it away, and all people bathed to honor the Gods. This city, whatever it may be, apparently lacked for such concerns. As the three ships slipped closer to the harbor, they saw the strange sights of the people in the city, and knew a wonder themselves at seeing this new land. Eventually, a ship detached itself from the harbor, and came to cut off the progress of the three Aztec vessels. As the Tlatoani of this voyage, Acacitli stepped to the fore of the ship, and listened to the strange men in this strange harbor as they demanded something of him. The language they spoke was unlike anything he had ever heard before, and for a moment Acacitli was awash in the glory of the Gods multitude, but he shouted back his purpose and offered prayers to twelve different Gods that his vessels be granted safe passage. Then he called for Ecatzin and asked him to bring forth the gold. Where words had failed, that gesture seemed to speak volumes, and the men on the strange ship nearly fell over themselves to guide the Aztecs into the harbor. ------------------------- For six days Acacitli offered prayers to the Gods, and for six days the merchants of the three ships did proud by Yacatecutli and secured for the Aztec ships a selection of treasures and goods the likes of which no man on the shores of Texcoco had ever imagined, let alone seen. For six days, the men feasted on a selection of foods and drinks that could leave a man's head spinning like octli, but tasted so different as to be barely related. Though the burn they left in a man's chest and the dulling in his wits were every bit as pleasant. The meats these strange men had. Acacitli had eaten often of alpaca, and often of smaller game. Large game were common enough from the hunters, but nothing like what these men could call upon. They kept their beasts in pens, as if all animals here were even more willing to follow a human hand then the alpaca. It was a wonder, and a delight. For six days, Acacitli shared his language and his story and his Gods, and the men of Lisbon shared back. Their priests and their so-called God were perhaps too aggressive to be entirely friendly, but the conversations with men who truly believed there was but one God in their world saddened his heart, and Acacitli was determined to lead them into the light. It was six days before Ecatzin fell sick. The fever swept through his body, and the coughs rasped his chest. The wet muffled sounds of his breathing haunted Acacitli's nightmares, and the way the flesh fell away from his bones and the spots that broke out on his skin left lesser men clamoring about a curse. It was on the ninth day that Ecatzin passed from this world into the realm of Mictlantecutli, the ninth day that the three ships, desperate in fear, loaded their goods and tried to flee this strange and terrible land. By the 18th day, they had lost the Tlatelolco without enough hands to man her. By the 30th, they were forced to scuttle the Tlacopan as well. -------------------------- It had been one hundred and thirty two days since the three ships had left the harbor of Cempohuallan with the dreams of a nation in their hearts. Sixty two since they had left the harbor of Lisbon being haunted by demons unknown. Ninety-six men had set sail, ninety-four had arrived in Lisbon. Twenty-three had returned. Acacitli had bled himself white begging the favor of the gods to return, and had collapsed on the deck of the Tenochitlan three days before they arrived in Cempohuallan. Two days after their return, the surviving crew members of the voyage dropped to twenty-two. 