
"El-nada-tyca-samara-shia-ne*dan*!" The words exploded from me in a rush. A wave of energy shot forward, blowing my opponent from his feet. He landed on the ground in a crumpled pile, rising up to sit on his elbows as he stared at me in disbelief. The others around us stood watching, murmuring quietly to each other. The bookie just stared in silence, mouth hanging open. I grinned. I *liked* this world. I hadn't been too sure, when I first arrived here. Of course, that was only natural. I had been on my way home from Little Caesar's, a hot-and-ready in the passenger seat, when that drunk driver had blown through the red and nailed me. Never saw it coming. Never felt a thing. And that was it. I was surprised, when there were no pearly gates. Not that I'd ever been much of a Christian, mind. Never bought into all that stuff. But I figured there would be *something*, and, well, that's what you always hear about. Waking up in *this* fucked up town, then, was a complete and total surprise. The crowd around me shifted, the tenor of the conversations changing. Another contestant was coming. That was fine. I grinned, stretching my shoulders out in the wide-open circle around me. No one would get *close* to beating me. Not in this world, not with my skills. You see, in this world, there's magic. Yeah, black robes and wands and all that fancy stuff. Sounds dumb, I know. But, anyone can use it, and it's just a matter of memorizing the incantations. The faster you recite, the more power you can surge into your spell, and the stronger it is. Not to mention the fact that you get the jump on your opponent. And, you see, I was a rapper back in the world of the living. On my way up, as it were. I was *going* places. So when you talk about memorizing all those tongue-twisters and spitting them back out, correctly, and quickly? This was my kind of place. And I'd carved my own little corner out of it, in the underbelly and the betting rings. Turned quite the tidy little profit. I'd made a name for myself, in the few days since I woke up here. The crowd parted, then, and the next challenger stepped through. I stopped, not believing my eyes, and then couldn't help it. I laughed. I laughed right in her face. She was a tiny little bit of a woman, all skinny limbs with a braided ponytail. She saw me laughing, and she *smiled*. Leaned right back on her heels and waited while I had my fun. "Are you serious, girl?" I managed, gasping for air. "Better run on back to your home. This shit's too much for you. I ain't in for hurting women." She nodded sagely. "That's all very honorable of you, I'm sure. But, still, here I am. I'm here to challenge you. I *can* do that, right?" She said, glancing over at the bookie. He nodded his head after a long moment, waving his arms helplessly. "Those are the rules, miss. But...This is only your first day. Wouldn't you like to watch for a bit? Get in the swing of it?" She smiled again. "I don't think that's necessary. I've already got the relevant spells memorized. Should be good to go, right?" She said, beaming at me. She was too damned *cute* to be sitting here in front of me, treating me like I was a game. It pissed me off. "Fine, then. Let's do this. You good?" I nodded to the bookie, indicating I was ready. He sighed, glancing over to the woman. She nodded as well, and at long last he held up an air horn. The piercing noise rang through the audience. *Game on*. "Yadda-under-tierna-it--" I began, but I'd barely made it halfway through the spell I'd selected when I heard her speak. I couldn't tell you what she said. I could hear every syllable, clear as day, but the sound of it all flowed together in one unbroken stream. I stared, aghast, as a wave of energy surged around me. My half-formed spell shattered and broke as I tumbled to the ground. The crowd was going wild, screaming and cheering. Those who had felt adventurous ran to the bookie to claim their enormous winnings off her, while my supporters stared with murder in their eyes. But I only had eyes for her. It didn't make *sense*. "How?" I demanded, stepping forward until we were face to face. "I've been at this gig for *years*, and I've never heard something like that. How did you do that, girl?" The woman grinned up at me, winking slyly. "You were a rapper, right? That's pretty impressive. You're good." Holding up one finger, she pointed it at herself. "I read the fine print in radio commercials." She stepped back, as the crowd raved, and flashed me a sardonic grin. "Bring it." (/r/inorai, critiques always welcome!) 