
I consider this for a minute. My heart was insured and I was getting a hefty compensation package from the bank but... I gave Mark a call. He was the company legal adviser and my drinking buddy for the past 40 years. He agrees that putting up a token fight will earn me a bigger paycheck but is a bit surprised that I'm so calm about the whole thing. Unlike me Mark's been married and divorced three times, giving his heart away each and every time just to have it throw in his face broken and shattered. I'm not into all that drama and frankly I've been alone for way too long to change now. Everything is just how I like it so why entangle myself with something so messy as love now? I got a reference from Mark for representation. A young man with stars in his eyes and fire in his belly fought tooth and nail for my case. As Mark predicted we settled out of court for the sum of $5 Million dollars, not too shabby for an old ticker if I do say so myself. I invited the young man for drinks to celebrate his victory, one of many to come I told him. "Thank you sir. I know it's not enough to compensate for the lose of love but I'm sure it'll help you track it down." Ah youth, still clinging to the ideals of love over all even in the cynical and cut throat world we're in. He talks all night and I sit there listening to him with a nod when appropriate. It wasn't surprising that Mark would pick a romantic to handle such a case but at my age such notions are just waved away with youth's folly. The lad was down right mortified the next day due to taking over my couch but I just waved him off and prepared my sure cure for hangovers. A large breakfast with lots of grease and a nice hot shower with some fresh clothes shipped overnight. I don't understand why he was so apologetic about the whole thing. It's not like I couldn't afford it and besides I had no intentions of changing my habits regardless of my sudden good fortunes. It's odd though, the house felt suddenly quiet as I closed the door. Was it always like this? How strange. As an old man I did appreciate the kid keeping in touch with me be it through the phone or as a drinking buddy. He was raised well though I suspect it would tapper out as the novelty of his first big win wore off with experience. That was until he invited me to a new place for drinks. I had gone in my usual shirt and jeans just to find myself in an upscale restaurant where everyone around me all but shone and sparkled. "Well, at least you're not a cheap date." I told him to cover my fashion faux pas. It was sweet how he reddened. The blush reaching the tips of his ears. So I was correct, he was trying out the place for a future date. Then again he was very much like Mark, ready to throw his heart at the first pretty young thing that smiled at him. I decided to take control of the situation when I saw him stare blankly at the pretentious menu, after all age had it's few privileges and you can never go wrong with steak. As we waited for our after dinner drinks he pulled out a black jewelry box and I raised an eyebrow. Getting an old man's opinion on a ring? Seems more like something to ask a woman about, they were more on trend then an old geezer like me. I opened the box and there sparkling above the black velvet lining was a young beating heart. "I know your heart is lost but, I mean, until you find it maybe.... would you accept mine?" His sheepish smile made the heart beat even faster. 