
You don't usually do it. You like to keep it down low as to not overplay or think differently of those close to you. I mean, you only found out you could do it a few months ago. Today was a little bit different though, you had a few drinks and thought, well, why not. What's the harm it could do right? You first take a peek at Dave, your closest friend. You've known him since you were kids playing In the park. Sharing almost everything with each other, food, the TV, your pets. A damned King! That's who dave was. He started out small, just a small place in the middle of nowhere, along with his advisors, soldiers and a few thousand citizens. Slowly, he expanded his territory, brought in culture, knowledge, trade, and more people. He tried his best to expand as far as he could go but in the end he was a tad too ambitious and his land crumbled under it's own weight. Next is Jonah, a fairly good friend of yours, you met him in highschool, he was a bit weird but you still held him dear. You met him volunteering at the school, washing dishes for the old lunch ladies. You did that for three years with him. He wasn't any sort of grand person as Dave was, but he was still a grand person. He worked in an orphanage with a friend back in the early 1500s, picking up children off the streets and doing their best for them, eventually he got pretty big and took in more and more kids, built more and more homes for the lost. Pete was an Egyptian emperor. Don lead an enormous tribe of Native Americans. You even spot a Russian Czar in there with Jason. As you look around at your friends and see many of their history shaping lives, and some not so much. You begin to wonder, what the hell have you been doing in your past? Are you as great as your friends? I mean, you're pretty awesome right? People on the internet call you King all the time, so surely you're as great as some of your buddies? As you get home, fumbling the keys into the lock, you stagger into the bathroom, intent on finally seeing what you've been doing. You stare into your own eyes, trying to focus and you begin to see glimpses. While your friends at most had one, maybe two past lives, you see hundreds, more, all flashing before your eyes. Most of them uneventful, nothing of real import. But something of import stuck in your head. You saw each and every one of your close friends past lives at least once in your own. In one, you advised a King. In the other, you were the strongest warrior in a tribe of Natives. Another, you helped your friend found one of the largest orphanages at the time. You might have had a lot of boring lives with nothing as great as your friends. But the ones that did count made you realize something. it's because if you, that your friends are all together, that you'r eable to share bread and drink with eachother. You advised them, fought with them, did everything with them back in the day, and you'll continue to do that now. ______ (Running on 30 hours of no sleep forgive me if it's trash LMFAO I just thought the concept of your friends being awesome but you always being a small but important part of each of their lives was a cool idea with this prompt) Edit: WOW! I did not expect this to blow up a fair amount. I appreciate each and every one of you that enjoyed this sleep deprived fever dream of a story. 