
"Calm down," Sarah said, gesturing the sorcerer to stop hopping around the room. "I- I didn't think it would actually *work!*" exclaimed the terrified creature, still holding onto the summoning book. Sarah thought the thing looked quite human. Only its azure skin and the huge eyes that protruded from the side of its head, really gave it away. "You're a *demon*," it whispered. "A real demon." "*No*," Sarah corrected it. "I'm Sarah - a *New Yorker*." "What level of Hell is that!?" the shaking sorcerer replied, taking a long step away from her. Sarah walked out from the circle of smouldering candles, and into the small room. "It's not Hell. Well, sometimes I guess it can be..." "Back, demon!" Three of its four arms folded twice over, into some kind of ineffective warding symbol. Sarah walked towards it. *It* backed off until it hit a marble wall. "Listen, sweetheart. I'm not going to hurt you. I just want to go home," she said. "...I don't know how to send you back. It wasn't exactly in the book." "Of course it wasn't. That's just great," Sarah sighed. "Why would you even *want* to summon a demon?" "I..." It breathed hard and very slowly, began to calm. "Well, we humans of Paradise," began the creature, much to Sarah's amusement, "are not allowed to hurt one another. It's impossible to do so. Whatever harm we try to do to a person, happens to us instead." "Oh. So... if you were to say... stab someone, you'd be stabbed instead?" Sarah said, not really believing it. "Yes! Our God," it said, pointing towards the ground, "made us that way so we could never intentionally harm one another." "So... you summoned a demon because you wanted to do someone harm?" "Yes! Bruce. He deserves it thoroughly bec-" "Wait," Sarah said quickly interrupting, "so you *really* can't harm me?" "... no, of course not." "Try," Sarah said encouragingly. She held out an arm and rolled up her sleeve. "Here, pinch me." "I would rather not." "Pinch me!" she yelled. The creature swallowed hard, made the sign of an upside down cross on its right chest, and then pinched Sarah's skin between two of its rubbery fingers. Sarah didn't feel a thing. "Owch!" it said, tenderly rubbing its sore arm. "That's very interesting," Sarah mused out loud. "Okay, try pulling my hair." "No, thank you." Red beads of sweat began to run down its cheeks. "DO IT!" she yelled, taking a threatening step towards it. It gingerly brought a hand up towards Sarah's head, and gave a quick, hard, tug at her blonde hair. It instantly let go, and gasped in pain. "And punch me..." "N-no," Sarah opened her eyes wide and stared at the creature. She heard it gulp loudly before it punched her gently on the arm. "Harder!" she ordered. "Or else there'll be trouble!" The punch to Sarah's chest sent the creature sprawling to the ground, leaving it desperately attempting to suck air in. "So, I can't be hurt..." she thought aloud. "But I wonder if I can..." "I'm really so, so sorry," she said, as she punched the creature's head repeatedly. "Honestly, I am. I just need to test a few things." The demon left the sorcerer's house with an idea in her head, and a dead creature in tow behind. "Paradise," she laughed, "it soon will be." --- More of my stories on /r/nickofnight (plus a different story I wrote for this prompt) 