
I blinked. It had been pure, sheer desperation, idiocy, passing fancy, whatever you want to call it. I had been lying in bed, my fiery hair spread out like a halo around my bed, browsing the same web pages that I'd been browsing for a week. Everything was available, and nothing was at the same time. I could access the internet, my emails, my computer - everything. But only in the state as it had been a week ago. I'd cried at first - anyone would. I looked for my family first, then friends, the just anyone, anyone at all. And now there was...nothing. It had only been a week, but it seemed like an eternity ago I'd woken up on my bed after falling asleep. Alone. Back when my problems involved boys and AP US history exams. And already I had no hope. So much for my delusions of grandeur, my belief that I could take on the world. Here I was, no one to compete with but myself, and I lay in bed - broken already. And so I'd sent the text as I saw a tear roll down my cheeks from my bright green eyes in the reflection of the phone screen. It had been a simple text, simple but true. "I miss you." Then I set the phone down on my chest and closed my eyes. I missed them, their laughs, the anger, the...togetherness. My phone vibrated. I blinked. No, I was not so far gone as to hallucinate just yet. Mom had answered. She'd *answered.* "Where are you, we've been looking for you for a week! We filed police reports and everything" she said. The tears came freely now. I sat up in my bed it all just came out of me. I told her where I was, how there was no one else - how I was trapped, alone. How I missed them. Mom said nothing while I texted my paragraphs, but her response brought a huge smile on my face. "Come to the library, it'll all be alright." The library, a 15 minute walk from here. I practically flew down the steps, put on my shoes and began to ran. Just those simple words - it'll be alright were enough for me. She was mom, she would make everything alright I knew. She had to. I ran with wild abandon, tears streaming down my face, my hair and thin jacket streaming behind me - I ran like a madwoman. Hope does that to people - makes them insane. It should've been obvious, so obvious. I'm sure you think I'm an idiot, screaming at me, and I would too. I was one of those dumb hot chicks in horror movies who walks into the barn with scary noises coming out of it. My mom had just accepted everything I'd said without question? Didn't ask me any other questions? It made no sense, absolutely no sense. But back then I didn't have any sense - only hope. And that's how they got me. I finally made it to the library, deserted of course, threw open the door, and shouted "Mom!" my voice echoing throughout the library. No response. "Mom!" I screamed again, but no response. I tried the door behind me - and it wouldn't budge. That was when I realized I'd fucked up. "Fuck me," I whispered to myself, and texted. "Who are you?" "Lol" Came back the reply. "The new ones are always so gullible." I tried the door again, no luck. I felt like crying. Afetr finally thinking this was all over, some sick psycho had just been messing with me. I wiped the tears from my eyes. No dammit. No crying. I would get out of this myself. I went back behind the counter and pulled out the records book. The county was extremely paranoid about "hacking" and "those darn black hats" that they insisted on having paper records to all borrowing and lending...for the last 25 years. I hefted the book - more like monstrosity, and headed over to one of the windows. I slammed the book as hard as I could against the glass - nothing. I hit it again, and again. I hit until my arms burned, but no avail. It wouldn't budge. My phone vibrated. Another text from "Mom." "As hysterical as this is, I gotta tell you - have you tried the window latch?" No. I tested the latch, and it opened with no resistance. I felt like smacking my hand against my face. Shaking my head at my idiocy, I climbed out of the window. Again the text. "Lol" I responded with a classic, "Fuck you." "No need for such hostility," came back the reply, "it's just a bit of fun." I was typing something else on my phone when I heard a honk. I looked up from my phone to find a bright yellow sports car standing in front of me. The door opened upwards, and a guy waved at me, "hello Mrs. Foulmouth, care for a ride?" Again, you're yelling at me not to go, screaming that it's a dumb idea. He's an asshole, he's immature, he's dangerous. But I got in the car because he was human, the first human I'd seen in a week. Human, heh. How wrong I was. *** If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 