
Zarome stood proudly in line with the rest of the new recruits to the Intergalactic Police Force. As a Ghar of pure lineage, he was easily the tallest and the most powerfully built among them and he drew the envious looks of many. A tiny, soft-fleshed, creature beside him gaped openly at his silvery ivory tusks and his four muscular arms. "Woah, you're pretty big," The little guy whispered, "My name is Larry, what's yours?" "Zarome." "Well, I hope you get the position you want," Larry whispered, "Who knows, maybe we can work together?" Poor thing; he didn't even make it up to his knee. With that weak body, he didn't stand a chance against Zarome or any other bigger species to earn a high-ranking frontline position in the Force. The recruits stiffened as they heard booming footsteps approaching. Zarome craned his head to the door as their troop's new commanding officer walked in. He was of a burly, dark-furred species -though not as big as a Ghar- uniformed and decorated in his black-and-silver Force uniform with boots that clanged on the metal floor of the barrack floor. He walked up and down the line, inspecting his new recruits with sharp, dark eyes. Zarome puffed his chest up and met the officer's eyes confidently as he passed. The officer ignored him and kept walking. The large Ghar shrugged. It didn't really matter if this officer liked him or not. His aptitude tests well overqualified him to be the frontline captain of this troop. After walking down the line, the officer stood in front of them all. He stood for a while, taking notes on a clipboard, then looked up and spoke. "My name is Karfor. As you know, starting from today, you will not be attending Academy classes, but rather working as a troop under my command." His voice was gravelly and booming. Karfor continued, "you will all be assigned squads and squad captains with different roles that fit your aptitude scores and species type. When your name is called, step forward." The recruits fidgeted nervously. "Starting from the top-ranked squad: the frontliners." Karfor looked down at his clipboard, "Jaak, Barres, Vyur, Zarome." Zarome and three other powerfully-built recruits stepped forward. "Frontline captain," Karfor nodded at the tiny creature that had stood beside Zarome, "Larry Modmur. All of you, stand over there to the side." He pointed with his clipboard to the side of the room, then continued down his list. Zarome stared at the little man, thunderstruck, as he ambled up to the designated area with the rest of the hulking frontliners. "I had a feeling we'd meet again," Larry smiled at Zarome, "Fellow squadmate. You're gonna be answering to me now." He stuck out his tiny hand to Zarome. Zarome looked down at Larry, having to crane his neck to meet his eyes, and scratched his head. "I'm... confused. I got an A+ in adaptability, survivability, and power, and my species is well-suited. There's no way I can accept a captain like you. Did you cheat?" Larry beamed, "Oh, those tests? No, I didn't cheat. They gave me an S+ without testing me because I'm a human." "Wait, you're a human!? I thought humans all became extinct millennia ago," Zarome said, his eyes widening as he slowly understood exactly what was standing up to his knee in front of him. "No," Larry said, still smiling, "Actually, some of us survived the bioweapons of the war, though we are few, we are extra deadly. Now, you wouldn't want to leave me hanging would you?" He re-extended his hand. Zarome staggered backward, looking at Larry's hand as if it were toxic, "N... no thank you... sir." "That's right," Larry said with a sigh, "You probably shouldn't shake my hand. My spit might cause a disease that could wipe out this barrack." He looked down at his hand sadly, "Ah, poor me, I can't even shake hands without killing everybody." 