
Then she winked at me, and smiled. "Are you serious?" I asked. I was disoriented. She had injected a sliver of doubt into my mind, and little did I know, that sliver would soon lead to an all out infection. "Are *you* serious?" she said slyly. "Are we robots?" "My programming forbids me from answering that question," she said. "Ask me in a different way." "Stop messing," I said. She laughed and walked out of the bathroom, leaving me in there alone. I looked at my face in the mirror. I leaned in close. I touched my chin, rubbing my stubble. It was an eminently human face. My hair still grew. My skin still sweated. I still got acne occasionally. I felt pain, and pleasure, from contact with physical things. It was impossible. I could not be a robot. I smiled at myself, my big, charming smile. "Honey," I hollered. "Nice try." She didn't respond. "Honey?!" She spoke from right outside the doorway: "You'll see," she said. "You'll see..." What can one call such planters of seeds of doubt but malevolent? What can one do but wish they had never spoken, wish one had never met them? My wife had ruined me. I had no faith in anything anymore. My life was fractured. I searched for little clues, watched endlessly for hints, anything to confirm or deny that she and I were robots. And she knew that I watched her, closely, waiting for some little trip up or slip, some inexplicable action. And she strung me along with it all. She tortured me in my limbo of doubt. When she dropped things she would say: "Looks like I'm malfunctioning." When she couldn't remember something she would utter, manipulatively: "Guess I'll have to go get my memory upgraded soon." And when I wasn't watching her, I was watching myself, both inside and out, keeping tabs on my mental and physical behaviours and sensations, trying to see if I slipped out of consciousness for even a moment, during an update or something, trying to see if any of my movements stuttered in some unnatural way. Robot technology had already been exceptional for decades before I was even born. Robots looked like humans. They acted like humans. They bled like humans. They learned like humans. They had memories and families and jobs like humans. And yes, there were rumours that there were no longer any humans anymore. Only robots. But those rumours had been circulating since I was a kid, and I never paid them any mind. Not until now, that is. Now I thought of harming myself, of ripping my arm from my shoulder, just so I could know for sure. I would see the wires and know, or I would bleed out and die, but at least I would die as a human, a true human, who knew, in his depths, that he was a human. But I couldn't bring myself to do it. Perhaps on some level, I believed my wife but didn't want confirmation. Better to live in illusion, I thought. Better to pretend like she and I are humans, as I've always thought, than to learn the truth now. One afternoon, when we were sitting in the living room, watching our screens, my wife sort-of keeled over. I rushed over to her, to grab her and stop her from falling off the couch. I looked at her face. "What's wrong?" I said, frantically. "Honey, what's wrong?" "System malfunction," she said. "Not funny," I said. I was getting angry. "System malfunction," she said again. I lay her ungently back on the couch. "System malfunction." "Yes," I said. "I get it." "System malfunction." My doorbell rang. I walked over to the front door to see who it was, my wife repeating her cruel phrase over and over in the living room behind me. I opened the door to see two men in BotCorp uniforms impatiently waiting. "Mr Allen," one said. "Yes," I replied. "We received an alert that one of our units is malfunctioning in your house." "Your units?" "Yes," the man said. "One of our units. You wouldn't mind if we came in for just a moment." "No," I said. "Not at all." They stayed outside for a moment, looking at me. Then one broke out into a smile. "Damnit," he said, laughing. "I just couldn't keep it going." "Keep what going?" I asked nervously. "What's going on?" "Let me explain," said the smiler. "No me," said the other. "We have this whole game," said the smiler, "where we try to stand outside after being told we can come in for as long as we can without saying anything." "But," said the other, now also smiling, "he cracks up every time. He just can't do it." "I can't," the first smiler admitted. --- EDIT: Thanks for the goldilocks stranger! Also, I'm so glad people liked it and I'm loving all the interpretations! Thanks to /u/JasonHolloway for a great prompt! 