
There were just too many people, you see. Efforts to emulate a one child policy had failed, the population had continued to boom, and despite all warnings from the scientific community, we were finally running out of our natural resources to the point where people finally began to notice it. Cries of fake news and alarmism finally rang hollow. Project Fear had finally proved to be fact. In a last ditch attempt to avert an all out war for resources - or a cull of the population by unscrupulous governments - a method for cryogenically storing humans was developed. Born of painful hope and desperation, it was marketed to the masses as a cheap and easy way of escaping the woes of today, to wake again in a happier future. In an attempt to stagger out the reawakenings, and to improve marketability, people were asked to stipulate the conditions that had to be met in order for it to be "worth" waking up for. For some, it seemed to be a simple thing. They wrote up a list of ideals and hopped into the freezer. I found it... considerably more difficult. How do you wish for tomorrow, when your dreams turned to ashes in your yesterday? I finally compelled myself to write out a desire. Not for me, but for the life I carried within. "Let me wake up in a time where there is a cure for the genetic disease of my daughter, and where she can be born into a world which will cherish her life instead of discarding her as yet another parasite upon the Earth." It was that hope that I carried with me, into my sleep. Though the grief of losing my beloved was an anguish that did not abate, even as my breaths did, I carried on with a hope that the life we created together could persevere, in a better place. I know not how long I slept. Nor do I know how it was that the machines that held me in stasis determined that my final condition had been met. I rose alone, from my pod, to be greeted with my medical file and nothing else. My daughter, it seemed, had been cured long ago, in a time where overcrowding was still a problem. They had fixed her as I slept. But they had not woken us, for still the world did not need more humans. I looked around me for any signs of life. Though the facility appeared to be pristine and in perfect working order, there were no people. I followed the signs that appeared to indicate the way to the exit, but as I pressed the button to open the door, a red exclamation mark appeared, swiftly followed by a question mark. "I want to exit the facility" I said, enunciating as clearly as I could. The question mark flashed green and a message appeared briefly on the panel: <Language set to English> A female voice spoke from the walls "Exit is blocked by external debris, please follow signs for alternative route." With that, green lights lit up the sides of the floor and an arrow flashed on the floor, indicating the direction to follow. It led me to a ladder beneath a trap door which slid smoothly open at my approach. The world around me was green and vibrant. The facility which had once been in the heart of the concrete jungle of one of the world's largest mega cities was now buried under what looked like an ancient forest, with soaring trees almost as high as the sky scrapers had been. I brought a trembling hand to my lips. What had happened as I slept? 