
For as long as I can remember, there has been a big red button in the center of the living room. It stands about waist high and sort of blocks the television when sitting down on the couch. We can't move it, so my entire family has just accepted there is a giant red button in our house that we must never push. The reason is simple - all buttons have consequences. This particular big red button gives whoever presses it the superpower of their choice. Sounds super. But to maintain balance, it also gives the person you hate the most the same power. Yikes, plus then they would know that you hate them most in the world. I didn't give this much thought growing up. My Mom covered the very tempting button in the same glass used for emergency fire alarms so me or my sister wouldn't press it accidentally (or not accidentally, buttons are so tempting). The last person I expected to press the button was Dad. It was pretty clear that Dad was the one who pressed it seeing as I was levitating this morning instead of, you know, on the mattress. I had a minor freak out as I tried to figure out how to get down. Once I finally crashed down to my bed, I raced down to the living room to see the button glowing red in its shattered glass case. I turn to look for the person who pressed the button and find my Dad in the corner of the room, on the ceiling, perched like a spider waiting for a stupid fly to get stuck in her web. "I thought it would be you," Dad's voice sounds nothing like it's usual self. There is no humor, no sarcastic joke to him anymore. "It was either going to be you or your sister. Guess it makes sense that it's you. My first kid." "Dad, why do you hate me?" I plead with him. He doesn't seem to hear me. "My biggest regret. I never wanted to be a father. Yet here I am, living years with my own spawn. Two of them! Reminding me of everything I will never accomplish myself." He laughs then, but it is a hysterical laugh. The kind of laughed I only associate with madness. How long has Dad been repressing this side of himself. He had always played his role of a loving Dad so well. I had believed him and loved him back. I try to understand. "Dad, why did you press the button?" "I couldn't take it anymore. Living with teenagers. Reminding me I had to give up on my dream to financially support. No longer." He smiles to himself in a self-satisfied way. Finally, he meets my eyes. "Hey, kid. I'm going to pick up some milk from the store. I should be back in an hour." Then he kicked off the ceiling, knocking me to the ground as he made his exit. I didn't go after him. I look at the clock and see it's four in the morning. I could probably squeeze a little more sleep before school. I return to my room, but not before noticing my sister's room is ajar. When I pass, the door opens wider and I see her, both hands clinging to the door while her legs were suspended in the air above her. Seems like I'm not the only one Dad hated the most. "A little help, here," she huffs. I tell her how I got down and she hugs the floor in relief. Then she looks at me with hurt and suspicion. "You didn't press the button, did you?" There is the underlying question of did I hate my twin sister the most in the entire world. Instead of answering immediately, I hug her. "You are my favorite person in the entire world. Dad pressed the button. Apparently, he never wanted to have kids or his current job. He said he was going out to buy milk, but I could tell he isn't coming back." I tell her. I can't cry about a father who hated me. "At least I have powers, right?" My sister tries to lighten the mood. This part was true. Dad was pretty unspecified in his hate of us, as a unit. It made sense that we were both the people affected by the consequence of his button. "Dad pretty much monologued to me when I was in the living room. He's like a crazy super villain now." I have no idea what he needed powers so badly, especially this flying like ability. "Every villain needs a hero or two. Balance in the universe." My sister said with a sad smile. "Are you asking me to team up to take down our probably evil father with the very power he gave us? Because if so, I'm in." [r/bluestarsshatter](https://www.reddit.com/r/bluestarsshatter/) 