
The drugs kicked in while the doctors all said, "easy now," but Jess felt fine because it meant she'd get to play. Every time her heart stopped, she went to the place she deemed the *cave in her head*. It was where the shadows all dripped, and where the man in black lived with his games. He was there, waiting, with a checkerboard set. "I hadn't hoped to see you again so soon," the man said, voice viscous as molasses. He wore a billowing black robe. and every time Jess looked at his face she felt incredibly sleepy. The man swept an arm over the table. His sleeve passed through the polished wood as if it weren't even there. "I let you have red." The board reminded Jess of Cracker Barrel, where she'd found a pair of scissors and ran around cackling; the scene had made her mother furious, so Jess took her seat eagerly. "Red's my favorite color!" "Very good," he said. Then he beckoned for the first move. She made her choices slowly, for there was so much to tell. The man listened to her with an unalarmed interest that she'd found so lacking in adults on the outside. When she told him her dog died in the dryer, the man simply said it was a shame and asked if she'd do the same to the next beast. Meanwhile, he'd left the door wide open for a double-jump to a *King me.* Jess took his pieces while stifling a giggle. Later, she told him to story of the baptism. How her sister had practically glowed, and how furious it made her. The man leaned forward. He nearly toppled Jess's tower of captured black pieces. "Tell me once more how the water burned." Jess smiled broadly. "It felt like it does when sis holds my hand." "Very good," he said. "Very good." The game was over within the next few turns. Jess screamed victory and the man clapped his hands together once, to the sound of a thunderous boom. As soon as he did so, a light appeared at the edge of the darkness. Jess could see faint figures moving on the other side. "Next time your mother harms you, prick her with this," the man said. "She knows which of you is which now, no point in waiting any longer." He held a single black thumbtack. Jess took the gift reverently. "Mister?" she said, ever so sweetly. "Yes, my child?" She tugged on his robe, beckoning him to lean down so she may whisper in his ear. "Mom hates when I curse," she said, conspiratorially. The man tilted his head, but Jess let the statement hang in the air for a brief moment, savoring the man's confusion. Then she ran off and squealed: "But you're really *fucking shit* at games." As Jess ran towards the light with her new gift, cackling like a gremlin, the man's remained in the shadows. "I wouldn't say that," he said, if only to himself. "I wouldn't say that at all." 