
I had him at my mercy. "You're here to kill me?" "Yes." I nodded slowly. "Can I know who sent you?" "Recording devices are a thing. I'm sorry." I smiled, sadly. The ones who were ready like this? They were always the hardest. The easiest were the ones who tried to rush you, to try and kill you back. Those kills, at least, could be softened by the thought that you were defending yourself in the end. "That's alright. I can understand being professional." The man sitting on his bed set aside his newspaper, let out a sigh, and then sat back. He closed his eyes, and I fired. His body jerked once as the bullet punched through a rib and penetrated his heart. I shot him one more time, and then quickly pulled out my phone; picture taken, then sent, to confirm the kill. As I turned to walk out, the man behind me laughed. "Hey, not bad! I actually felt that one." He coughed. "Auuuugh, that was a good shot. Holy crap, I think you cracked a rib. Haven't done that in a *decade*." I gaped, pistol still in hand, as the man sat up in his bed and heaved as if trying to breathe. Body armor. He must have had body armor underneath. No wonder they required my services. Immediately, I thumb the safety off again, level the pistol at my target, and dump the rest of the magazine into his neck and head, the suppressor degrading from such rapid abuse and I feared that the loud clack-clap of the Colt cycling would actually give me away. Spent brass clatters to the carpet floor. "Went for the brain next. Nice." Coughed the corpse. Should have been a corpse. I'm are already reaching into my suit to grab a reload when the hand comes up. "Nope. Nope, you're good. Don't worry about trying again. You pass." "What... shit, did *you* hire me?" "No, but I don't need names." He spits out fragments of teeth - I must have shot it loose - onto the bedside table as his rapidly healing head closed off the bullet holes. Another spit, and a hollow point slug joins the teeth. "But after you walk out of here, you go after them for me. I'll pay double your rates, and give you a bonus on top of that." "And what's the bonus?" The man reached out to me, hand ready to shake. "I'll show you how to be like me. How to heal any wound. Deal?" 