
Grandpa has never been the same since that day. The crash that made him lose his voice, and his mind. Everyone thinks that he's gone crazy, that the crash affected him. I mean, I did think the same for quite a while. Before the crash, he was quite a... let's say interesting man. He would call us in the middle of the night saying there's someone in his house, yet there never really wa anyone. He'd call the police many times for things that weren't there, and he's had a few warnings for that. But now I understand it all. This morning, grandma asked me to convert her VHS tapes to digital, and I couldn't help but rewind them for some past memories. For the time being, it was just regular things. Birthdays, trips, little kids, but then it got to grandpa. It seemed normal for a second since I could still remember that day. Grandpa was looking happy, just like the rest of us. It was my birthday. Grandpa had always been very fond of me, he used to call me his favourite potato. I wish I could get him back after all this time, but I should know by now that it's too late. I listened to the words he was saying, and it was like it all clicked. I just understood it all. To other people he was happy and his words just sounded like nothing, but I knew exactly what he was saying. I cannot find a way that I could describe how I could understand it, so a rough version will have to do. "Please, help. It's been over 10 years, I'm losing my mind. I can't control my body anymore, I can barely even contorl my thoughts, let alone my voice. Why can't you all understand me? It's been so long, can you not see that I'm terrified!? Please, please, please, please, please... Grandson... You of all people should be able to help me... Please." I... why couldn't I understand him then? Why was I not able to help or do anything? Even now, I don't know. Suddenly, like a hit to the head, I lost all control of my body. I could still see, but I could not control my eyes. I could still walk, but I could not control my legs. I could still eat, but I could not control my jaw. I panicked, trying to scream, but all that came out of my mouth was a few aphrasia-like words: "I'll crawl side-stairs to the sun." It made no sense, but I still remember it to this day, since it is the closest thing I can remember to my actual life. I involunarily walked downstairs to the kitchen and sat down. Mum was preparing dinner, and I tried to tell her what was going on, but all that came out was, again, gibberish. She looked at me and smiled, but then heard what I had said. Mum looked worried, like I had a gash on my face. I again tried to speak, but nothing but gibberish came out of my falsely happy mouth. A lot appened after that. Psychologist appointments, family tears, but eventually the asylum. Ever since then, all I have been able to do is lie in my medically-issued bed, being tube-fed, and not being able to do anything else. And ever since then, the only reaction I have been able to muster up is fake words. Fake words through that fake damn smile. I can't believe it's been 30 years. 