
"Ow." "What was that?" "Nothing." George leaned against the table giving his best smile, a smile that he had practiced for years as a bard. One that had people give him the benefit of the doubt and girls throw themselves at him. Yet underneath his composure he was anything but calm, as he tried hard to silence the skull that chattered away in his bag. "Well, okay then. Take the third door on the right." The tavern keeper said wiping down a tankard. George nodded, dropping a few copper coins and striding up the stairs before the skeleton continued to talk and he had to pretend he was a ventriloquist. Leaning against the door, George panted in relief. His cheeks sore from all the smiling. When he finally felt it was safe and that no one would knock on their door, he rummaged through the bag and pulled out a coughing skull. "So dusty in there, do you ever clean?" It asked snarkily. "You're a skeleton, you don't have a throat to cough with." George frowned. When he braved the dark and perilous tomb of Simantiar: the Immortal Wizard. Dodged the patrolling golems that reached as high as steeples or avoided the subtle telling of pressure plates and other traps, he was almost disappointed to find that the wizard, albeit immortal and truly capable of warding off magic, was rather lame. "What took you so bloody long? Listen, I have an itch, right there on my nose, can you get it for me? I would. But I my arms aren't really what they used to be." That. Those were the first words that he ever spoke to George at their first meeting before bursting into cackling laughter. George wondered if he was always that insane, or perhaps the centuries of solitude drove him mad. Or maybe where his body was immortal, his mind was less so, going senile a long time ago. "Well, maybe it is to get the point across that the great Simantiar shouldn't be the lucky talisman of a bloody bard. Let alone stuffed into a bag." "Oh, shut it." George placed the wizard's skull onto a table as he undid his boots. "How about you take me around town, show me where the ladies are at?" George ignored him. He was trying hard to drown out the skull's voice. "Oh, come on; you owe me at least that much after dragging me around all day." "I need to get some rest, we are leaving early tomorrow." George spoke the words quietly, with sorrow. It was true that he had expected a more stoic character when coming across the remains of the Great Wizard, even finding the tomb had taken him a better part of six years and the lives of several mercenaries. As he contemplated the journey, he began to realise that the trials made more and more sense. Each tomb with another puzzle that led to the next, leading George on a wild goose chase until he finally came to the last tomb. Many of his guides died, either succumbing to the trials of the tombs, or being among those who had forced George to grow up far quicker than he would have liked. Even the manic cackling of Simantiar couldn't completely drown out the screams. George was secretly appreciative of Simantiar's antics, it was a good distraction. "Why do you even need to move your jaws to talk?" George asked. "Haven't you ever heard it's rude to talk with your mouth closed?" "No?" "Well, it's a thing. There is such a thing as a skeleton code." "You're making that up." "No. I'm not. Skeleton's honour!" "Fine. I give up." George got up and felt the pleasure that came from having his toes being able to breath and wiggle. *Is this what it is like when women let their breasts breath?* He pondered as he fell onto the comfort of his bed. It was a shame he couldn't lure a cute girl to give him company, but Simantiar always made sure that nothing would ever come of the night. The one night George did try, he thought himself smart for gagging the skull, and the plotting wizard played along until George brought a rather striking woman home, and George realized that Simantiar spoke through more magical means. The wizard didn't hesitate to cut him short. "Don't bother with him, I have heard him mess around with women in the sack, not so great. And his athlete's foot? I have never seen a case that severe! And I have lived for a *very* long time." Though George suspected it was the sight of a talking skeleton that scared her off. "Nice girl. When are you going to see her again?" Simantiar mocked. Even his skeletal jaw always seemed to be grinning. *** Morning finally came, first light breaking into George's room. He groaned, rubbing his eyes and rising with a wide yawn. "Sleep well?" Simantiar asked. "No." George didn't bother adding to the comment, he found it hard to sleep with Simantiar constantly talking throughout the night. Even in his dreams he wouldn't find peace as an even more annoying skull berated him, while floating no less. George played his lute in the tavern, earning himself a few coins before receiving a cut of bread on the house and leaving for the road once more. "I never did ask you." Simantiar now showing some semblance of seriousness in his voice. "Why did you find me in the first place?" George stayed silent, he knew that he was going to have to respond eventually. "I need you to unlock something." "What do you mean?" "There is a vault. And its walls are barred with magic that no human can penetrate." "But an old bag of bones can?" George didn't reply. "What will we find inside?" "A promise." *** /r/KikiWrites *** Scroll down for part 2! 