
In hindsight, singing that latin nursery rhyme while playing around with various herbs was probably not the best idea. To be fair, one could be understood for not expecting to summon a demon while making chicken soup. Unfortunately, that's exactly what you had, apparently, just done. The demon stands amid your destroyed kitchen screaming, "How? How were you able to summon me?!" You're standing in the corner flipping through your grandma's cookbook as fast as you can, screaming back, "I don't know!! You were supposed to be chicken soup!" "That's not how things work!" it shouts back "You don't accidentally summon a demon!" "Yeah? Well? You don't accidentally end up studying medicine and here I am, second year med student! I have a spectacular talent for ending up doing things I don't intend, successfully!" which if you're honest has been a rather frustrating aspect of your life. Things which you put genuine effort in never seem to succeed, and yet, you ended up in med school on a dare. At this the demon seems to calm down a tad, just a tad though, flames are still spontaneously spitting up in the kitchen around the two of you. "Accidentally studying medicine you say? How, exactly, does one 'accidentally' study one of the most challenging fields in the Human world?" it says rather scathingly. Desperate to keep this burning hole in reality in your kitchen placated, you answer, perhaps to swiftly as you tumble the words out of your mouth. "Senior year, some of my friends, wait no, the end of Junior year - no, definitely senior year - one of my friends dared me to send an application to a pre med program, I had the grades for it, so I just did it" you say. Getting even calmer, perhaps even speculative now, it asks "And, so, you just went with this option instead of, what I'm assuming were several similar possibilities?" Feeling slightly judged by a being of chaos you rather pugnacious say something along the lines of "yeah so?" but you don't really remember because the flaming non-being in your kitchen didn't seem to take kindly to this kind of backtalk and did something that just, warped the world. Now suddenly on the floor and, why was your face wet? Oh right, crying will do that. It looks down on you with a smirk and states with a malicious pleasantry, "Well, since you summoned me and I can't go back without doing something, it would be bad for business you know, I have this delicious idea." It seems to find itself quite amusing for it seems to have an anthropomorphic face now and there are some definite teeth present. With a sinking feeling in your gut you can't help but indulge the clear invitation, "What is it?" you ask. "I curse you," Its truly grinning now, and it kinda hurts to look at "With the luck only the damned have." Here it pauses rather dramatically to sprout an arm from its dark mass and fondle a flame on its shoulder. "You will succeed at nothing you intentionally try to succeed at, however you will succeed at random things, in essence you will be a minor agent of chaos in the plans others have for this world." and with a final truly humor filled laugh, it fades from your kitchen. However just as the last of the not-light-but-not-really-there-shadow fades you seem to hear "wait until asmodeus hears this." 