
I'd gotten home earlier than expected, only to find the door of our little house in the country, pried open. Splintered shards of dark wood had been sprayed far into the house. "Mark?" I said, hurrying inside. "Oh, Jesus." Mark lay on the floor in the living room, blood gurgling out of a jagged wound in his stomach and dyeing the carpet a deep, wine-red. "Oh God, baby," I said, kneeling by his side and taking his hand in mine. I could see that the skin around the wound was black, and the smell of singed skin wafted up my nostrils. "It's- it's going to be okay-" Mark tried to speak - he tried to tell me that there was a man behind me in the doorway, and that I had to run - but all he managed was a rasp of air. I screamed as a terrible heat seared my left cheek. The bolt of lightning had just missed me, but had still been near enough to cause a wicked pain and send me sprawling to the floor. A voice tutted, and I saw a large man with blonde hair stride into the room. "Pity you had to come home, too. I do hate killing people, but..." He smiled and clasped his hands together; a puddle of light began to grow between them. It started as a dim glow, but was becoming more intense with every passing second. "You- you're so brave," I stuttered, touching my scorched face with a hand, "and you must be *so* powerful to have beaten my non magical husband." "Shh," he grinned, as the light continued to grow. He was slowly pulling his hands apart, stretching wide a dancing arc of brilliant light. I could see he was young and arrogant. I could do this, I just had to concentrate. I had to forget about Mark, at least for now. "If we met under different circumstances, your incredible magic would have me *drooling*." "Oh?" he said. At least he was listening to me. "Sure, my panties would have been off, like, two minutes ago. You're handsome, too. Your endless acne is like a million beauty spots; your nose, the perfect coat hanger." "What are you doing?" he asked, scowling. The intensity of the light was waning slightly. I got up onto my knees, encouraged. "I'm not usually into larger people, but somehow the weight *really* suits you. You've got this bloated, pale walrus vibe going on, and no woman can resist that. And that chin strap beard, it really frames your face." "..." "Not to mention how good you smell! I was wondering, as I was driving home, just *what is* that wonderfully pungent aroma, hanging over the countryside? Now I know!" The lightning in his hands was dissipating, and I could feel my own power bubbling up inside my body. "You're- you're just trying to distract me!" he spat. But it was too late, his power was dying and I understood why. He tried to shoot the remaining light at me, but it fell like a brick to the floor before reaching me, fizzing into nothing on the frayed carpet. I saw his hands tremble, as red light began to bathe me. "If you're as good in bed as you are with magic, you must be the world's greatest lover," I said, throwing my arms forward and commanding the red fury to leave my body and latch onto him. The intruder screamed as the spell ate into him, gnawing at his skin and devouring his eyes like a hungry acid. He tried to run, but the red fury wouldn't leave him. I knew he wouldn't even make it down the drive. The man's powers had fed off our emotions - of us being *scared* of him. But I hadn't been frightened enough, and Mark had lost conciousness. I turned to my husband and cradled his head in my arms. "Honey," I whispered, "It's going to be okay." Mark didn't respond. He didn't move. I took a deep breath, as tears trickled down my face. "You're so stupid," I said to him. "Thinking I love you, when really I think you're the worst. The absolute worst. I'm actually extremely happy you're dying on me. I think I can live an *amazing* life without you. I'd had an absolutely terrible life with you in it, so now - so now, it's going to be brilliant. So much better." The magic ran through my body once more - I felt it as blue, this time - and I channelled it into him. "I cheated on you tons, and it was so easy, because *everybody* loves me and can put up with me. You're not the only person in my life. Uh uh. Nope. If there's one thing I know for sure, I can *definitely* live without you." --- /r/nickofnight 