
I had been so busy for the past few years, I had not felt the weakness until it was difficult to move anything above two tons. That was when there were a couple thousand of them left. Life had felt it too. Knowing it had no more purpose, it had resigned itself to wandering around empty cities, waiting for me to finish off humanity. I sorely missed it. Life always knew the best joke to lighten my mood. There were five left: an old man and four children he had found in the wastes. The youngest, a girl of four named Penny, had started to call the man "grandpa", and the others had quickly followed suit. He feigned annoyance in the day, which only made them call him that more. When they were all asleep, however, he would allow himself to weep. I had taken his last child not too long before he had stumbled on the group of children. Though I felt sadness in him, there was more happiness. He had a family again. They were walking through a desolated town street when they first noticed me. The air stood impossibly still, as if even the wind had lost hope. Clouds choked the sky, blanketing the world in a deathly grey. None of the children had ever seen the sun. "Grandpa, I'm hungry," said Matty, the six year old boy. The others declared their agreement, looking expectantly at the man. A pained look flashed across his face, then he forced a smile. "I told you this morning, we ran out of food." Their eyes did not leave him. "That's why we're searching, remember?" "We've been looking for hours," whined Matty. "Where's the food?" There were two cans of soup in the basement of the house to their left. At the time, I told myself I helped them out of self-preservation, but I knew it was compassion. By then, all I could muster was a short gust of wind, which I directed towards the house. The effort left me weak as a feather. The children yelped and clung to the old man. "What was that?" Penny asked. The man chuckled, though he looked as startled as the kids. "I'm not sure what that was." He glanced around, as if someone would reveal themselves. I desperately wanted to, but I could not. That was part of my curse. "Maybe God wants us to look in that house." *No, God left a long time ago,* I thought. An hour later, tears came to the man's eyes when he saw the cans. He praised God and fate and life. The children latched onto the last one, saying Life had saved them. I smiled, thinking of what Life would have said about that. From that point on, I helped them as often as I could. I had to save strength a couple hours between each gust of wind, which made guiding the family difficult. The five quickly ate whatever little food I led them to, and I could feel their hunger gaining every day. Sometimes the children cried when I was too weak to help them, but they always cheered when they felt the wind. "Life, Life, Life!" they would squeal, the old man smiling. I was able to sustain them for two months. Every day broke my heart anew, seeing them turn into pale ghosts of their former selves. Malnourishment took its toll, until the children barely talked and the man's eyes were glazed over, infinitely weary. I had to take the old man first. For the previous week, he had let the children have all the food they found. Before he went, he told the oldest, a ten year old girl named Jenny, that she would have to take care of the family from then on. The first child was the hardest soul I have ever had to snuff out. For millennia, I had not given a second thought to the lives I took as I zipped from one side of the planet to the other each passing instant. Then though, I desperately wanted to have eyes to cry with. Afterwards, my emotions sank into my being until numbness took over. Now, there is only one soul left. They always shine the brightest right before they go. I can feel my own soul beginning to shine. EDIT: Grammar EDIT 2: Holy wow, guys! I fall asleep for eight little hours and wake up to this reception. I don't want to sound like a broken record in the comments, so I'm just going to say this to you all here: Thank you guys so much! I'm sorry I set my onion ninjas on you, but I'm also so happy you guys enjoyed it! Will definitely write here more. EDIT 3: A hundred times thank you to whichever kind stranger gilded this! EDIT 4: This post is a couple days old now, so I don't know how many people will see this, but I've made my own subreddit for anyone who's interested in my writings. It's r/Taetysares, and will feature the novel I'm slowly writing, my project for NaNoWriMo 2019, and my stories from here. 