
The greatest power of all is one that all humans possess. Call if foolishness, Zen, or simply not giving a shit - the end result remains the same no matter what the circumstance. Humans returned back to normalcy no matter what their past. And it was this power that brought me and dozens of other people to be sitting in a coffee shop the morning after a giant dragon had tried to open a portal to its home-world two blocks away. I watched as giant trucks came out of the small exclusion zone, carrying pieces of the dragon to that secret underwater facility off the coast. I frowned as I sipped my coffee. Now how did I know about that? I had no idea where that thought had come from - I definitely hadn't been there. Perhaps I'd read it? I took out my phone and browsed through the headlines. "Giant Dragon defeated by our beloved Scion. Cause of Attack unknown." Unknown? No, I definitely knew the dragon had been trying to open a portal. I was absolutely certain of it. I concentrated, trying to think. How did I know? Suddenly a sharp pain emanated from the back of my spine traveled like a wave through my head. Next thing I knew hands were grabbing me, and there was some yelling. "Q-quiet, please," I said as loudly as I could manage. Immediately someone made a hushing motion, and all the noise stopped - thank god. I opened my eyes and blinked several times against the sun coming from the windows. Almost everyone at the coffee shop was staring at me. Oh my god, they were all staring at *me.* I looked up to see a man with blond hair and hazel eyes holding me off the floor - his eyes wide. "Are you all right, err, ma'am?" he asked. I nodded. "Y-yeah," I said, "just fine. I don't know what happened to me. I was just looking at them wheel the pieces of the dragon somewhere and..." "It must've been the heat," the man said and several other murmured their assent. The cafe was reasonably cool, though, but I just nodded as I felt my cheeks heat up. They were *still* looking. "I-I'm fine, now, thank you," I said to the man, "please let me go." The man flinched back, as if I was a live wire. "O-of course, ma'am, I meant no offense." "None taken," I said as I smoothed out my skirt, making sure to look at the ground and not at the people who I were still staring. That's when I noticed the broken coffee cup and the spilled coffee. "Oh," I said, and I knew my blush had just deepened. I went over to the counter to get some tissues to clean up the mess, when one of the employees stopped me. "Please, ma'am, it's no issue, we'll manage," the dark haired woman, Paula, said with a smile. "Oh no," I said, "it's completely my fault, I can't have you cleaning up my messes," I said trying to reach past her. She put a single hand on my shoulder and smiled, almost sadly, "You do it for us, ma'am." I blinked at that, at a loss for what to say. My morals however, were dwarfed by my anxiety at being the center of attention. So I just gave her a nod, left twenty five dollars at my table and hurried out of there as fast as I could. I put the strange incident behind me - as all humans do. Be it foolish or wise. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 