
"...Okay." That word brought Shaji's speech to a halt. To be truthful, the silence was more concerning than the explanation. To be fair I get why they might want to convince me. I'm somewhat of a wanderer. And for better or worse, it's netted me some unfortunate nicknames. But that's probably because at the end of the day, I'll do anything for some coin. And plenty of people come to me with offers. A surprising thing really. I'm impressed people can locate me so easily. But when you're proposed to by the most feared mage in all of the land, it's a different story. "I beg your pardon?" Shaji asked. "You accept my offer? There was a hint of confusion in her voice. Even her guards seemed broken on the manner. "Your majesty, I know we've been at this for a while now. And I've killed plenty of people of yours. So I understand some confusion." "Why are you so willing to accept such a deal?" "I haven't accepted anything yet. We're negotiating." This seemed to calm the half of her guards anxious to kill me. Which was fair. There were some familiar faces in the room. And to tell the truth; I'd been dying to finish what I started with them. Shaji moved closer, the incantation she used parting the guards like water. Strange really. When she wasn't raising the dead to fight me, or throwing fire or portals, she seemed quite nice. Ravishing even. But it's better to not push my luck farther than I already have. "The chosen one wishes to work with me?" "The King's guard is rather disappointing. Cowardly. Abhorrent. They routinely slaughter their own citizens." "And the Brotherhood?" "I'd be worried for them if they weren't so focused on learning how you do the things you do, Your Majesty." "Please, Shaji." She insisted. "My apologies. They are not a threat. Only a brotherhood in name. Although, their experiments... rather disheartening what they do to the youths of the village." "So what does that make you?" "No one's savior. They've lost that with me." "If you do as I say, I will grant you everything in this world and more." Shaji showed me visions of her plans, the room swirling with images of a future I previously hoped to avoid. It was better than anything I'd spent my life trying to save. Those who hired me before wouldn't be missed. "Shaji, if you allow me to join your guild. The world will be the least of our conquest. But one more thing, if you please." "Yes, what may that be?" "Do you have any Skooma? I'm starting to come down, and things are getting a little fuzzy." --- Hey, you're awake. If you like this, find me at r/Jamaican_Dynamite I have wares if you have coin. 