
"What is this?" The answer appeared in my thoughts. It was a hair follicle. It appeared so matter-of-fact there was a hint of sarcasm. "No, I don't want detailed chemistry data. No, I don't want a historical analysis. No, no, I don't want... Okay, listen. Hey, listen. I thought I had an infinite life." The reply once again appeared in my thoughts. But it asked for permission. It even asked for my password to verify. "Yes, I, of sound body and mind, consent to the release of private information." My account details appeared. It came with emotions of calmness and tranquility. I had forgotten the account section was paired up with emotions like this. Like many other Immortals, we just do automatic payment for the next decade of immortality. It's probably been centuries since I, or anyone, last opened their account details. "Show me how this is relevant." My billing information appeared. Shit. The paired emotions of accuracy and professionalism didn't help my panic. My last decades of immortality were costing extra. It was getting more and more costly to be a straight white male, due to popularity among Immortals. This perk combo was auctioning for more and more. No one used to charge extra for this. "How much time do I have left before I run out of credit?" The possibility tree appeared. Most paths ended in the 80-90 year range, about 60 years from now. One ended in two days where nuclear war started. I chuckled at how silly that one looked next to the other possibilities that were a million times longer. "So I guess this is my last character before my immortality wears off then?" The information on how to add more funds appeared in my mind. It was paired with emotions of charity, selflessness, and having bountiful wealth. Cheeky. The life designer of this dimension must've had a laugh when they paired these emotions. "Alright, bring up the latest global achievement list. What haven't I done yet?" Hundreds of bounties appeared and I understood them all immediately. One from the latest update caught my attention. "Kill another Immortal?" "This is a new one isn't it? Wait, there's a repeatable credit award for this?" A thought entered my head. "Mark that one as active. Thanks. Also, submit my rating for this update please. Please post, quote, 'Buggy update, I keep getting deja vu skips every week. Fix this please! Strongly recommend skipping this update until patched. Zero out of ten.' End quote." I couldn't help but grin. I think this white hair is the best thing to have happened this century actually. 