
I sat at the empty bar in a daze. There was a shot poured in front of me, I can't remember how many I had tonight. One more won't hurt right? *Gulp* Oof, that one hit me hard. I start to get a little wobbly and flag down the bartender for another drink. "I don't think we can give you another one, man. You can hang out here but you've definitely had too many." *Grumble grumble* The bartender walks away. He doesn't know anything. I'm more sober than I've ever been in my entire life. Well not really. But I'm at that point again. I'm drunk enough where I'm seeing the strings. The strings that control the universe. I always forget what it's like to be in this head space. It's too overwhelming. "Welcome back." I glance around. I'm the only one here besides the bartender, and he's chatting with a co-worker on the other side of the bar. 'Oh damn,' I think to myself, 'It's you again, I remember you.' "Yes, my friend. I'm you, and I'm inside your head. We speak every once in awhile but you can never remember. The alcohol, while enlightening, rots away at your brain. The memory essentially gets erased." 'I get that. I'll remember this time though.' "No you won't, but as usual I appreciate your confidence. No, you won't remember. There's nothing to remember, because you already know. You know all the answers, because you are the only one here." 'Well the staff is here but they're occupied.' "No no no, not the only one here in the bar. You're the only one here in the universe." 'Umm, explain please?' "You are all that exists. Every person around you is a branch of your subconscious. That bartender over there is you when you decided the make alcohol your career instead of your hobby. That's you in a different place and a different time. But it's all just you." 'It's all me? I'm the only one that exists?" "Exactly. Your senses fail you. For example, when there is a straw in glass of water, the light refracts and you see it as two pieces. But you know it's one straw. If you can't trust your sight, then how can you trust anything else? The only thing you can know for sure is that you exist - I think therefore I am. So now there is only one thing to do." 'What's that?' "Let go." Let go. Let go. Let go... -*_*-*_*-*_*-*_*-*_*- "Come on man let's go, get the hell out of here," says the bartender, aggravated. I feel someone guiding me out of the door. "This is the third time you've pissed yourself here, and I'm done. You can't come here anymore. You have an addiction sir, get help." If only he knew. 