
Jordan Meyers was finally checking an item of hiss bucket list. History wasn't the easiest degree to justify, and going for his Masters had been even harder. Going into the oversaturated field of Egyptology? His parents had finally drawn the line and cut him off, which had stalled this trip by a good five years until he'd actually gotten a job as a professor. And now, here he was. In plane, over the Saraha, flying out of Kotoka International Airport in Accra, Ghana. The endless fields of sand should have been boring, but he was glued to the window staring at them. Something about them was calming, like watching the ocean in slow motion. The woman next to him chuckled. "First time over the desert?" she asked, with the accent Jordan had heard often when going through the airport. He nodded, "Yeah, never been...well, never been out of the states before." He offered a hand. "Jordan." She took it and smiled. "Morowa. Pleased to meet you, Jordan. So what brings you to Africa?" Jordan felt himself blush a bit. "Honestly? Probably the most stereotypical reason ever - I'm here to see the Pyramids and visit Egypt." "Ah," She said with a laugh, "so Cairo is your final destination?" "Yup. How about you? Visiting Cairo or points beyond?" "Just have a layover in Cairo. I'm heading to Moscow, to present my findings on quarks." She held up the folder she'd been reading from before, which had her name on the front. "We've made some interesting...discover...ries?" Jordan watched her eyes wander to the window as her voice trailed off. He whipped his head around. There wasn't a desert below them. There was a forest, but the leaves looked purple and red and gold, not a hint of green among them. There were buildings, huge buildings unlike anything Jordan had seen before, like the offspring of a ziggurat and a skyscraper. One of them he could see ahead was clearly visible towering over the landscape, so high that it gave Jordan a sense of vertigo, like they had just taken off. "Oh my god!" he shouted, and others on the plane were shouting too, sounds of shock and wonder and delight. Shouts that turned to screams as a beam came lancing out of that tower, a golden light that cut through the air and sliced off one of the plane's wings. They were falling now, and the next few minutes were in Jordan's memory as panicked flashes. Trying to grab the oxygen mask. Morowa clutching her seat's arm rests. A flight attendant that wasn't strapped in being flung down the plane till he broke his neck on the seat in front of them. Then there was the crash, tumbling end over end through a jungle that shouldn't be there, a wilderness in the middle of the desert. Then, darkness. Jordan didn't know how long the darkness persisted. All he knew was that, while he was unconcious, words flashed across his vision. YOU ENTERED A NO-FLY ZONE UPDATE COMPLETE SARAHA UNLOCKED CLASSES UNLOCKED DO YOU WISH TO SELECT YOUR CLASS? Y/N Curious, Jordan reached out in the darkness and selected Yes. A list appeared before him, dozens and dozens of options, and Jordan, spun through them at random before selecting, more just to see what happened than anything else, the one labeled "Paladin." Then light returned. He was hanging upside down from his seat. Blood was running down his arm, dripping from his fingers. Morowa was nowhere in sight. Instead, beneath him on what had being the ceiling of the plane was a creature that looked like a cross between lizard and cat, lapping at his blood with a forked tongue. He let out an instinctive sound, a low moan of terror. Instinct was the worst thing here, because the cat lizard glanced up and saw Jordan, saw living prey, and it opened its jaws in a snarl. Before it could pounce on him, though, it heard something in the jungle and fled. Then hands were coming in, hands that looked like they belonged to a human, hands bigger than his head, and a man was peering in, but this man was a giant with deep blue skin, and he was reaching for Jordan, and that was too much. Between the fear and the bloodloss, darkness claimed him again before the hand could even close around his waist and break him free. Darkness again. Darkness that filled with words. SELECT STARTING GEAR? Y/N Hand trembling, Jordan selected Yes. Later on, he was going to regret not waiting for the Documentation to load. --- More at /r/Hydrael_Writes 