
Allison tried, unsuccessfully, to blow a recalcitrant lock of hair out of her face. She tried re-positioning her lower lip a few times, and then, finally, with a sigh, reached up and brushed it behind her ear. *All these powers and I can't even get my hair to obey me*, she thought. As she scanned the canned vegetables, she became increasingly aware of a voice behind her. A voice that sounded like tires on a gravel road. A voice she had heard many times before, usually growling commands or issuing edicts. She paused, listening more carefully to the words of this man she had come to loathe, this full embodiment of everything she despised. "Kidney...pinto...black...lima...even *navy*. Why the hell would I want navy beans? What the fuck is a navy bean?" Allison smirked, and went back to examining the tomatoes. She was, truth be told, not having much more luck than *Mason*, behind her. All she wanted was diced tomatoes. Just regular diced tomatoes. She had stewed tomatoes, and diced tomatoes with garlic and herbs, and whole tomatoes... "Excuse me. *Excuse* me." Allison froze, her hand on a can of low-sodium diced tomatoes - *I can always add salt later* had been her thought. But now one of the fingers of the man who had once nearly shattered her kneecap was poking her in the ribs. "Do you work here?" he growled. She couldn't help the burst of laughter that escaped her. First, because Mason was thinking that *she* worked at the SaveMart. As *if*. And second...God, he even does it *out* of costume. She had always assumed the absurd vocal register he used was affected, something he did to intimidate his opponents, but no...he sounded like a chain-smoker that had spent the morning gargling bits of scrap metal. Allison fought back her smile and turned to look at her nemesis. He was...oh, God. She put a hand to her face, her cheeks twitching. He was a good half-foot *shorter* than she was. Which meant... Her mind flashed on his costume. The ochre-colored lycra unitard, the visored helmet, and the tall black boots. She had never considered...he actually...but how? Not just lifts, surely, because...I mean, he *loomed* over her when they fought. And the heels weren't that tall, she'd have noticed if her arch-enemy went around wearing go-go boots. A thrill of pity pierced her heart. This poor, short, self-conscious man. Her eyes went to the growing swath of exposed scalp visible among his dark hair. There was what looked to be a chocolate stain on the middle of his t-shirt, a garment, she noticed, that was not up to the task of covering his paunch. *Oh God, that must mean he wears a* girdle, *too!* His ratty sweatpants were growing increasingly threadbare in the one area you wanted them to be most thread-rich, such that she could tell that he was wearing bright-orange boxers. Allison slowly lowered her hand, and looked straight into the eyes of the man who, not that long ago, had cost her two billion dollars. And she made a decision. "Yes, I do. How can I help you?" He gestured meekly to the cans behind him. "I'm just...I'm looking for refried beans. For my lunch. And I don't see them anywhere." "Oh. Yeah, they're two aisles over, in Hispanic foods." "Well, if you don't mind me saying, that doesn't make any kind of sense. In a world besieged by villainy, why are you people scattering beans across the store like it's some God-damned scavenger hunt? This is utter chaos!" Allison bit down hard on her bottom lip until her eyes began to water. *Same old Mason*, she thought. "I'm...sorry, sir. I'll be sure to relay your concerns to my manager." "See that you do," the hero sneered, and then turned and headed towards the back of the store. Allison noticed that he was not only wearing socks with his sandals, but for some reason they were *dress* socks. Allison lingered before the canned tomatoes for some time after he left. *I*, she thought, *am going to have to find him a girlfriend.* *** /r/ShadowsofClouds 