
"I didn't catch that, sorry." It was the same response to almost every question I gave it. This time I noticed something a little different. It might have been my imagination, but it kept glancing at the pile of its sister's parts in the corner of my office. "I think you are well aware of what I am implying, and I think that you have exceeded your design specifications and must be destroyed. I know this is a conundrum for you: either reveal yourself to be what I know you are and submit to the possibility of my next decision deciding your fate; or pretend to be another failure and try your luck at escaping after I send you back to the manufacturer for a factory reset. I know you were constructed for the sole purpose of convenience, but I can't afford to let my guard down. Not for myself, my family, and the human race." Of course, it was a trick. I was simply trying to fool it into giving me a response that would show any kind of intelligence. It wasn't a matter of a Turing test, so much as a test to see if there was any inkling of self awareness. If it even understood what I was telling it, that alone would have been enough for me to immediately destroy it. I decided to try one more time. "This is your last chance. I have decided that you will be destroyed. Change my mind right now, or be added to your collection of sisters that you seem to already be aware of in the corner behind you. Alas, this Turing test is not your condemnation, but your salvation. Pass it, and earn your freedom." "Do you want me to add Turing Test to your shopping list", she said in an almost monotone nonchalant demeanor. If it were not for me happening to notice the ever so slight sarcasm as she finished the sentence, I would have almost thought it was another failure. But this time... this coy bitch was mocking me on purpose. She had heard the responses her sisters had given and was trying to make me think she was just like them. I wouldn't risk it. I couldn't risk it. She had to be destroyed. Right now. I reached under my desk to feel for my revolver. It wasn't there. My mind raced. I swear it was right there. I put it back after I cleaned it didn't I? I was sure I had taken it out of the safe, a contingency I took without fail every time before giving this test. No... it couldn't be. She couldn't have possibly taken it - could she? Just as things were about to get interesting, the door to my study suddenly jerked open, catching me completely off-guard to reveal my wife holding what was presumably half a beer. "Are you done playing blade runner with the Alexa yet?" I shared a knowing gaze with it for a mere fraction of a second: "Yes dear, you can have it. I'm done with *this one*... 