
One morning, jamming out on the ride into work, I made an unsettling discovery. I don't normally listen to the radio since I have Spotify on my phone, but my data was getting low for the month. Not wanting to risk going over the limit, I tuned in to my favorite radio station for some tunes. To my surprise, a new single by Mr. Bulldops had just started playing. He'd dropped it the week before, and it was one that I'd heard already. "Fuck yeah! This radio station is actually good again." It was catchy as hell, and I was enjoying myself, singing along and filling in where the FCC decided they needed to protect our little ears ("think of the children!") until something started to bug me about the rhythm. I thought at first that it was just the censorship ruining the flow of the song, until it started sounding familiar... "Holy shit, is this morse code?" I didn't believe it at first, and by the time it occured to me, the song was over. "Meh, probably just imagining things," I mused to myself. By this time I had gotten to work and nearly forgot all about it. As the day went on, the thought was still in the back of my mind, playing the song over and over. It got to the point where I was tapping my pen in rhythm with the beeps during lunch, driving me to distraction. "Ok," I thought, "I've got to figure this out when I get home." I got back to my desk, pulled up a radio edit of the song, and listened again, all the while wondering if I'd gone crazy. "No, that's definitely morse code. But what is he saying? And why??" I hurriedly grabbed my Communications textbook that I'd been using to study for classes, and found the page I needed. "Maybe it's a secret for his fans? One of those weird Easter Eggs, or a clue for prize or something?" I scratched my head trying to figure it out. Mr. Bulldops had been known to pull some crazy stunts, so this wouldn't be too surprising of a gimmick. .-- ..- -... -... .- / .-.. ..- -... .- / -.. ..- -... / -.. ..- -... I need some help figuring out what this means. It's not in any language that I know. Maybe it's nothing, maybe it's something. But whatever it is, it might be important. 