
"Time for what?" "Lunch, kiddo", he said, waving his arm in a kind, inviting gesture. "W-what?" "The END, numbnuts! What did you think I meant?" He said, staring me down with genuine frustration. I looked down at the two guards on the ground, just outside the door. My stomach didn't like what I saw. Purple tongues pushed through grey lips, and their eyes... they were just... open. Even though they were dead, you could still see the fear they held in the last few seconds of their life. "Don't worry about them, you know your destiny. This is for all the marbles kid, now it's time to MOVE." The sharpness of Tim's last word brought me back to attention. I stood up, and came to the doorway. It had been a long time since I'd been outside. I turned out, into the hallway, and Tim motioned down the hall. "You know where to go, right?" "Yeah, I know." I said, starting down the corridor. "Great, I'll meet you there." "Wait, you're not coming with me?" I said, turning around. "I have my own business to attend to, this is my big day you know." He smirked. I didn't really like how excited he looked, considering the dead guards at his feet. "Uh, yeah, sure." I remembered all my directions without a problem. Down the hallway, left across the bridge, down the stairs and out the main lobby. I couldn't help but notice they repainted the walls, and got new furniture for the lobby. Weird to think, considering it had been almost eleven years since the day I was dragged through here, kicking and screaming. The memories came flooding back, and the feelings of hurt and betrayal swallowed my mind. I was right, after all, but it didn't make me feel any better. I was angry, infuriated that my parents would lock me up here and forget about me. I never should've told them about what Tim had explained to me, about the task he had assigned to me. I had a gift, you see. I could see the room where I would find him. The one who could save us all, and fight off the god of Death. I had drawn it many times in my notebooks, but it's not like I needed to. It was engrained in my mind. When I decided to show my parents, I asked them to help me find the room. They helped me to a room alright, but it wasn't that one. It made me wonder where they were, and if they were even alive. I came back to reality, and realized I had ran almost two miles. I stopped, catching my breath, trying to focus again on the objective, but my surroundings caught my attention. It wasn't like those movies where fire is everywhere in the background, the sky looms over, an ominous, deep red, and napkins and trash bags float through the street. It looked perfectly normal actually, like a regular Tuesday afternoon. Except for all the bodies. The one that stood out was the little boy. I had seen him before, in a few of my dreams, but in the dreams, he was laughing, playing with his mother. This was a different picture. His throat had completely broken under the immense pressure that took his life away. It sagged in the middle, and his head was turned violently to the left. I threw up. A few times. Shaking, I looked down the street, trying to ignore the death and destruction that had torn through here, only moments ago. I could see it, just another mile down the road. I closed the distance and entered the abandoned building, running up the steps as fast as I could. I had never been in here before, but I knew where everything was. I kept rounding the stairs, jumping over debris and clearing broken steps like I had grown up here. I could probably do this with my eyes closed, just like I had every night after the first. When I got to the top, everything I had remembered was exactly in place. The half broken window on the left, the torn sheets of plastic hanging from the ceiling, gently rustling in the breeze, and the cracks running through the concrete floor. Even the smell was exactly alike, dust and a small trace of marijuana, probably from the same kids who so very artistically slobbered "fuck the police" on the back wall with spray paint. The only difference was the man standing in the middle of the room. I felt my system flood with adrenaline. This was NOT the right guy. He wore a black robe, and stood facing me with his palms turned out, welcoming me towards him. He stood in front of a pentagram, candles lit on each tip, drawn with the blood that trickled down his forearms. "Who the fuck are you?" I said, cracking my voice in an obvious show of fear. "Come fulfill your destiny." The man whispered, his voice echoing through the room with a sick excitement. Chills ran down my spine, and I started backing away. "The impious master is here." The man said, a smile creeping across his face. "What?" I said, stumbling backwards. I collided with someone standing behind me. I turned to face him, getting ready to defend myself as best I could. It was Tim. He stood there, a smile on his face, almost giggling at my confusion. The truth hit me like a ton of bricks. I wasn't the chosen one who would help bring humanity its salvation, I was the chosen one who would bring its demise. His hands began to wrap themselves around my neck, crushing my airway and forcing the life out of my body. He wasn't my friend that no one else could see. He was The Impious Master. He was Tim. Please be gentle, this is my first writing prompt, much to learn! 