
The prison is silent. The guard wraps a silky hand around my waist and I feel his smile behind my ear. I am dragged by chained wrists and ankles along the concrete, each slap of my rubber soles cry back to me from the grand expanse of the four storey, open-air cavern. We pass individual cells, the bars slammed tight and under lock despite housing no criminals in sight. I hear the drip of a tap, the scratch of a bug wriggling against crumbling stone, the wind whistling across a heavy roof. The guard leers back at me, he rattles the chain and winks. We climb stairs, cross metal balconies, pass a hall with a television, and finally I am deposited in a cell on the highest floor. Above the doorway and scratched into the concrete with yellow paint is the number 2. The guard fiddles with a button and the bars struggle open, pushing back into the stone. I am kicked in, unlocked from my shackles, and taunted as the door crackles back into its rightful position. The guard licks his lips - he will see me later - and then he is gone, and I am utterly alone. "Hello?" My skin crawls with fear. The voice is gravelled with time and seems to float disembodied around my head. "Is someone there?" "Stop." I say and clutch my head in agony. "Stop what?" A loud crack echoes against the wall to my right and then a wrinkled hand extends into view around the bars. "I'm Mike. Who are you?" My brain juggles with the verging madness and pain, but I swallow it back down and replace my voice with monotone. "I'm Ash." I sit on the lower bunk and wrap my tired hands around my shoes. "Who are you?" "We went over this, I'm Mike." He sighs. "Sorry, I haven't had a friend in a long time." "A friend?" "You want to be my friend don't you?" "I suppose." I frown. "But why are you the only one here? Where are all the other prisoners?" "Ha, they are sitting in restaurants, they are shopping in the mall, they are shooting their friends and then donating a million bucks to children in need." Mike sighs again. "You'd have to be an idiot to end up in here." "Well, thanks." "Come on, I mean didn't you get the memo - commit a good deed and you won't be committed." "Why are you in here then." "My bad outweighed the good. My deed-guide miscalculated what I needed to do to cancel out shooting up a room full of people. I can't say I regret it though." "I never had a deed-guide." I say and lie down on the hard springy bed. "Bet you're regretting that now. Even the cheapest can keep you out of jail, we had one on retainer. If I ever get out of here, he is the first one who will get it, mind." "Who's we?" "The mob. Are you from the mob?" He is excited and I see his hand flutter wildly against my bars. "Did Bobby send you? Are you here to give me a message? Are we finally breaking out of here?" "I'm not from the mob...I'm a primary school teacher." Mike coughs out his repulsion. "Why?" "I thought it would be a good deed to help shape young minds of the future." Mike cackles and it jumps about the cavernous prison as though a thousand men are laughing at me. "So what, you fucked a kid?" "No." "Well what the fuck you do then?" Mike chuckles to himself. "Must have been something big to outweigh all that shaping of young minds." I scrunch my fists into tight balls of white. I don't want to talk to Mike, I don't want to be anywhere near him, but this is it, this is the moment when the world becomes right - in one small way. "I am killing the man who killed my daughter." My feet clench and I flick a switch with my toe. My shoes click on and jutter with energy. "Goodbye Mike Patrichio." A burst of light, a flick of flame, and my pain is gone. 