
A hundred years, shards of future in dreamy visions of lessons and love, expanded his mind like a sponge in water. It drank the knowledge, swelling, evolving millions of years in mere moments as he slept. By the time his eyes opened, it was like his head felt heavier, and his heart drooped with the pain of a hundred false losses. The world he'd been born into suddenly felt foreign to re-forged eyes. The One rose, a mental giant amongst skittering animals once seen as peers. He saw light bouncing off the Earth as vectors studied in physics class, and noted a slight curvature to a horizon that always looked flat. The stars no longer looked like specks of mineral in the distance, but giants, ancient relatives that began it all. He wanted to speak, but a numb, dull tongue felt like lead in his mouth. That would require some work. Yes, work; there was so much to do, wasn't there? Problems to solve, knowledge to share, technology to build... why, the implications were immense. The world's order could totally rearrange because of him. A genetic catalyst that bombs the timeline. Grassland underfoot tickled as he strode determined toward his pack. It would take organization, and a lot of effort, but The One knew he could do it. He could change it all. With a purpose, and visions of worlds untold, he stood up straight and tall just like the smooth-skins of his premonitions. Unfortunately, the waning Oligocene Era was not one for casual strolls in a meadow. A slinking nimravid, effectively a bobcat with daggers for teeth, shifted low in the underbrush, eyeing her meal as it oddly limped on two legs instead of four-- injured, most likely, a prime target-- toward the treeline. ----------- *Alternate ending for fun* More than any of that, he knew his purpose was to rally and lead. Stoke a fire and gather the wild creatures, dumb though they may be, to a greater purpose. It would take time, and a lot of effort, but The One knew he could do it. He could change it all. With a purpose, and goal in sight, he stood up straight just like the wrinkle-skins of his premonitions. He would rally the wild men and form a tribe, then an empire from there. An unstoppable force. *This is gonna be yuge,* The One, the smartest being alive, thought to himself. ---- */r/resonatingfury* 