
Commander Golgorath scratched his *gnurk* while peering at the report from the last battle. It made no sense-they had done a full analysis of the humans' technologies. Their primary methods of "radar", "sonar", and even the mysterious force they referred to as the "NSA" showed no signs of being able to detect their craft. The humans' craft were much faster and had much longer range, so their battle planners had recommended their renowned stealth attacks as the primary method for attacking their military. So...how? The report clearly described how the humans had not reacted at all to their approach as they flew into full range of their sensors. It wasn't until their smaller stealth craft came within 800 units that they began to scramble their own fighters. Golgorath grumbled and grabbed another screeching sneep. It squeaked loudly in his tentacled grip until he tossed it lazily into his lower maw. *crunch* *"Captain Jurgt, tell engineering I want their new protoype ready to be deployed for the next wave. "* "*Affirmative, Commander*" came the reply over the communicator. Their craft were silent and even ran cold enough that he could be close enough to touch them and be unable to detect them with his light-wave antennae. Golgorath's engineers had explained some mumbo jumbo about wavelengths and how this new craft would surpass even their greatest current machines. He hoped it worked. -------------------------------------------------------------------------- Captain Rogers honestly couldn't believe the report he was reading. "You're telling me they got within a half mile of the base before you *saw* them out the window?" Lieutenant Mulligan shifted nervously in his seat. "Yes sir. I saw a glimpse of red while patrolling the common area and opened the blinds and-there they were." After the aliens made first contact and their public declaration of war three months ago, the entire US military has been on high alert. Citizens panicked, and many thought that doomsday was upon them. "Doomsday" came in the form of large red spheres that moved about as quickly as a hot air balloon. Their weapons were devastating...at about a 3 meter range. What *had* shocked them was their balloons' apparent invisibility to both sound and radar. Since this last incident, a makeshift crows' nest had been planted on the top of the building, and the greenies were taking turns on lookout duty. Rogers pulled a cigar out of his pocket and bit off the end. "We're talking about a civilization that can travel faster than light." He began. "How can they-" The wailing of the alert sirens cut him off. "Lookout, report!" "Captain, we have a large balloon herd approaching from the north, and one unit approaching directly from the east, more quickly than the others....but sir, this one is different." "Different how?" Seaman Harrison inhaled deeply over the mic. "Well sir, all the balloons we've seen so far have been red-" "I *KNOW* THAT SEAMAN GET TO THE GODDAMN POINT" "Sir, this one is *yellow*" 