
"How long have you been here, Adam?" Clarissa asked, setting a mug of fresh coffee in front of him. "Since the beginning," He said and gave her a nod of thanks. "In a way." He picked up the white coffee mug by the handle and tapped the side with the fingers of his other hand. His fingers warned that the ceramic was too hot to hold, and he blew a single puff of air across the top before setting it back down on the desk. "You were here when they started the company?" Clarissa probed, sitting in the seat on across from him. Her own mug was steaming and set to her right, to the side of the paperwork in front of her. Adam laughed and sat back in his seat. "I helped make the company. I was part of the team that came up with the ideas to make the company. I've always been here," he said and winked as if letting her in on an inside joke. "Since the beginning," she repeated and shook her head. Adam watched as she picked a pen out of his decorative holder, and shifted her focus from him to the stack of papers in front of her. He liked Clarissa, she was a hard worker. She also knew when to stop asking questions. He picked up his mug again. They both had paperwork to do, and would likely be at the office all night long. He cursed his body for the *n*th time. Organic bodies needed so much energy and sleep. He had to constantly throw food, coffee, and water into it and still had to take an enormous amount of time out of his day to let it rest. Life had been much easier when his energy came from power. It had been simple and clean and didn't waste nearly as much time. Coffee wasn't so bad, he supposed. It had gotten even better recently. It had been quite horrible when his companions had first invented it. "How many days until the deadline, Clarissa?" he asked after he had taken a small sip of the strong liquid. "We have..." she looked up at him and paused, her mouth moving as she counted days, "just shy of 3 months." Adam nodded, and she returned to the papers. 3 months, and if they did their jobs right, they would be included in the launch of the next rocket. Their designs would allow NASA to build an extra wide model with enough power to travel out of the earths solar system. If he could get on-board with the right crew, he could navigate out them out of the banishment zone. Any planet at all would do to stop off at after that. He took a long drink of his scalding coffee and clenched his jaw as his burnt tongue yelled at him. Adam set the cup back down on his desk and looked at his employee again. "How close are?" She looked up at him again and set her pen down onto her papers. "Um..." she started and gave herself time by taking a sip out of her own mug. "The math is there. The blueprints are there. This is the application to be added to the contract," she explained when she found the coffee was still too hot for her as well. "And then? That can't be it, or we wouldn't need the rest of the time," he probed. "No. Well...We need to write out the equations and blueprints for the project under the guidelines, and the engineers want one more test," she said. She sounded nervous, and Adam smiled and let her return to her work. He didn't know as much about the paperwork side of things. He didn't care. Humanity had been his project, really. The soft organic things had risen up and done more than he had ever expected. The fact that science had come far enough on this cursed planet to propel them into space was the cherry on top. He had been a rebellious teenager when they first banished him. He had wanted to irritate the solar government, but now his options were better. He stifled a chuckle at the thought of it. Adam imagined the looks on the faces of those who sent him away when he showed back up in his organic brain. Come for revenge from across the universe. He took another drink of his coffee, muttering an additional curse as he put it back on the desk. He had burnt his tongue again. /r/beezus_writes 