
My family deal in power and power comes in many forms. My father's power is economic. Though he is a wanted man in most of the world his business trives. Drugs, weapons, prostitution, covered by a whole slew of perfectly respectable fronts. He is rich enough to bribe almost anyone, buy almost anything. I have often observed him and other hard men as they brokered deals. I have been in firefights as they turned sour. I have looked past the barrel of a gun, into the eyes of the killer pointing it at me, right before my father's bullet pierced his heart. I have seen the consequences of his actions. The addicts, the murders, the broken souls. He has hugged me and I have felt comforted by his presence. My mother's power is much more direct. It's control over herself as much as over others. I have accompanied her as she stalked a target. I have been her alibi. I looked at her as she made her preparations. If have looked in the eyes of her victims as they lost consciousness, as they woke up bound, as she worked on them, as they died. Countless men, women, childrens, disapearing without a trace. I have seen the fields of shallow graves. I fell asleep in her arms, hearing her lullaby. My little brother deals in information, he is the greatest hacker in his generation. I have often sat, behind him looking over his shoulder, fascinated as a few lines of codes stripped privacy away to reveal everyone's sordid little shames and secrets. I have watched people through a screen as they thought themselves alone. My sister's power comes from her connections, gigantic networks supported by the favors offered to their members. I watched her, from the moment she took her first steps in control of one of dad's front business, from the moment where she wormed her way in the secret society. Accompanying her I have met many who wielded power, I have looked them in the eyes. All the while I have learned about the body, the heart and the mind. The relationship people keep, who they are, who they think they are and what they want to appear to be. My power doesn't reach as far, but it is far deeper. I am the one they call on, when something goes awry, when they are in trouble. I am their last resort. Because I have learned how people *work*. Give me some information... or don't, it'll make things a bit slower but give me time, twenty minutes, an hour, maybe a day for the tougher ones and I can crack anyone. Renounce all wealth, go live as an hermit, kill themselves, kill their family. Anything is possible if you know what levers to pull, where to apply pressure. I do not need a gun, I do not need evidence. All I need is already there, ticking away in their own minds. 