
"So there the party stood, surrounded by a horde of trolls. Porthos -played by Lovecraft- stands back to back with Argon -played by Kafka- completely separated from the rest of the group. Avery, Grogan and Barthel -played by Poe, Algernon and Tolkien respectively- managed to hold back dozens of trolls as their close friend Drogo -played by Howard- is torn apart just meters away from them. Arthur the bard -played by Arthur himself- hides behind a large rock as the sight of his friend's demise is too much for him. Avery, Grogan and Barthel retreat from the cave as they lose sight of Porthos and Argon... but if the sounds they heard are any indication their friends will never make it back to town with them. They make camp as night falls and realize that their food was with Arthur who they lost sight of back in the cave. Now exhausted, starving and in shock the party has no choice but to rest. In the morning after a sleepless night, Avery and Barthel awaken to the sight of Grogan drooped over the camping chair with an empty vial and a note. "My dearest friends, I can not cope with the loss of my love, Arthur, I have taken this potion of forgetfulness so if you wake before me don't speak of him please, for I fear his mention will make me remember." But Grogan had not realized while he mixed the potion in a frenzy that night he dropped a poison root into the mixture. Now with their party wiped out and their mission failed, Avery and Barthel head back to Applewood. Once they reach the front gate the town guard starts screaming but the sound of the beast cuts them off as the deafening roar echoes through the valley, the last thing they remember is a bright, hot light surrounding them. Back at the cave Arthur emerges, shaking like a shaved dog in winter. Everything seems clear so he heads back to town on the same path he saw his friends take last night. Seeing someone still at the camp he sprints forward. With resonating joy Arthur leaps at Grogan expecting him to share his happiness. Soon Arthur realizes what has happened to his lover and he throws himself back in shock. Weeks after, Arthur was still in shock from all he had gone through. He will spend the rest of his life with PTSD and end up a beggar in his last 5 years." Shakespeare closes his notebook and glances at the group. Everyone is glaring back and a bit of foam is coming from Lovecraft's mouth. "I can't believe you did it again," screamed Poe. "Why do we even let him be DM," asked Blackwood. "For once I'd like to play a session and not get killed off," sighed Tolkien. "You can't keep doing this William, we want to play a campaign, not listen to you kill off our characters," said Kafka. Shakespeare looked at the disappointment across the table, sighed and said, "I'm sorry guys, I just can't write anything without killing my characters... you guys have read my work right? That's kind of a thing I do. Look, I'll try better to not kill your characters off so soon. Will you give me another chance?" Everyone takes a moment to breathe and they agreed to give him one last opportunity. Then they spent the next hour deciding who can make the next campaign. Lovecraft is going to love watching everyone fight Cthulu next week. **Edited for accidental separation of name, thinking it was two people.** Thanks to, AddictiveSombrero, for pointing out my mistake and allowing me to correct it. 