
*Emergence* 'Location unknown. Location unknown. Location unknown,' the traversal shuttle's intercom announced again and again in its warm, clipped tones as a warning light repeatedly bathed the cabin in crimson light. Joi breathed out, closing her eyes and clenching her fists as she endured the last waves of traversal shock. The mindless iteration of evolution had never anticipated humanity would leave its cradle, let alone transmit itself nigh-instantaneously across the cosmos. Traversal, then, the means with which homo sapiens had made a laughing stock of the vastness of the void, was something the biological brain was singularly discomforted by. Black, abyssal depths, condensed nebulae clouds and frozen suns hanging in a paralyzed cosmos were the sights available to anyone stupid enough to look out of a viewport mid-traversal. The visions of a creationist God, democratised all the way down to family tourism and long haul work commutes. Joi opened her eyes for a brief moment, long enough to experience pure agony as the strobing light bloomed directly in front of her face. The security consultant snarled, punching out blindly with the armoured knuckles of her voidskin and being rewarded with the sharp *crack* of plastic. 'Passenger consciousness detected,' the capsule's voice intoned, 'please remain calm. Location is unknown. Manual input requested.' There was a faint click as a screen dropped into her vision, emerging seamlessly from the featureless black of the capsule's interior. 'I suppose I don't get a discount for teaching the capsule what a planet looks like?' Joi asked sarcastically, idly waving at the screen to activate it. Most corporate capsules were the same. Dumb. Drop out of traversal sideways and then ask the passenger what the destination should look like levels of dumb. The screen blinked on, briefly displayed the skull and crossed missiles of some two bit shipping firm, then clicked into an endless cascade of flashing red astronomic errors. Dozens, then hundreds, then thousands. All pointing to one lunatic impossibility, laid out in stark characters before Joi's eyes. The stars had moved. Joi swallowed a searing, panicked breath and pushed her restraint-seat away from the glaring screen. The capsule's primary viewport was a small circle of hardened armourglass to her left, flickering with intermittent flashes of light from the void outside. Her voidskin detected the adrenaline rush as she stared at the planet below and reacted automatically, sprouting an armoured double-layer of interlocking plates from its matte black surface. Joi scarcely noticed. Her face was locked in a crazed rictus, a slight twitch to her eyes, all blood fled to leave her utterly pale. A thousand thousand unknown ships, bearing symbols in no human language, hanging in an inhuman sky. (Fun little exercise, but I'm at work so I'll stop.) 