
"Do not open your door." the television said. I blinked, staring blankly at it as though I could try and pull some sort of rational, reasonable argument from its screen. "Do not let them in." It droned incessantly. "Where is your toilet?" The man I had just welcomed into my home said, his voice oddly flat. "Uh." I squeaked, unable to process the words still ringing in my ears. He froze, cocking his head at me delicately. "They are not what they seem." The TV insisted. He stared at me a moment longer. "Your home is - pretty?" His wife - god, I had *assumed* it was his wife - said charmingly. "No. Beautiful. That is right, yes?" She glanced over at her husband. "Yes." He agreed, smiling broadly. I flinched. There were so many *teeth*. Nothing human had that many teeth. He glanced back to me, seeing the way I paled. "Oh. Oh no." He said, shaking his head as I began backing slowly away. "I've upset it. I am sorry." "That is fine." His wife crooned, stepping closer. "It is enough. I am hungry. May we?" What the *fuck* was going on? A thouand different horror movies ran through my head, too many hours spent in front of the television watching star trek and the X files. But none of that seemed to line up with reality. It seemed reality wasn't waiting for me to catch up, though, as she lunged at me with an equally toothy grin, her mouth opening horribly, hideouly wide. I screamed, then, throwing myself backwards. The couch was in the way. I fell over it headlong, tumbling madly as her 'husband' sailed through where I'd been moments before. My bag. My bag was on the table. I crawled for it furiously, reaching for all I was worth. I screamed again as something dug into my leg. My hands closed on fabric, cold on my fingertips. I pulled it close, even as the pain ramped up. The metal was colder still as I pulled the pistol free, flopping over on my back as I went to take aim. My mother had told me the gun would be the death of me. I intended on making sure it kept me alive, if I had any say in it. The woman had me by the *leg*, biting into me like some sort of rabid animal. Her lips were red as she dug in with all apparent signs of enjoyment. The sight turned my stomach. But the adrenaline running wild in my veins by that point was enough to point the barrel across the living room, trembling but steady enough. The woman fell away, shrieking as the first round caught her in the chest. Her husband was too far away to stop me, watching with an equally horrible smile on his face. I twisted, sweating and light-headed as I sent the next two rounds through his shoulder. Both crumpled, whining hideously. I pulled myself up into a chair, tears running down my face from the sheer agony in my leg, and vomited at the sight. But even still, their eyes were fixed on me. Their lips parted, exposing the serrated, pointed teeth beneath. Swallowing another round of bile, I did what I had to do. At last, they lay still. I fell hard against the upholstery, panting for breath and trying to stem the flow of blood from my leg. I needed help. I needed to call 911. I should- The knock rang out overloud, cutting through the silence. I froze. Someone was at the door. Again, they knocked. I didn't move. And again. The slender figure leaned over delicately, peering in the window. "Excuse me! I need to use the- the *toilet*! May I come in?" They smiled, exposing a mouth full of far too many teeth. (/r/inorai, critique always welcome!) 