
"We are approaching the Vacant Zone." From where he stood upon the bridge, Admiral Hann stared off into the endless expanse of sea before him. According to the top brass, there was no marine life for the next two hundred and sixty nautical miles. He personally felt that such a report could only have been the result of an erroneous reading, but when he, along with his ship, *Wolfgang*, were assigned to investigate, he was forced to begrudgingly accept the mission. "Scanners are not picking up any abnormal readings." From before him sat his bespectacled Navigation Officer, Berger. A steadfast man, second-in-command, he was leading the way for most of the mission, considering Hann's disapproval of the task at hand. He continued to drone on, relaying information on the situation. "We have entered the Vacant Zone. All crew stand by." "Order from command." The Communications Officer, Hoffman, spoke in a gruff voice. "Venture into the middle of the Vacant Zone." Hann sneered, stepping down from where he stood. "This mission is a waste of time. They should have just sent the Americans. They'd do any odd job." The ship continued to sail on, further into the Vacant Zone, and not a single creature, whether it be bird or fish, came anywhere near where they were. To some, it seemed like mere superstition, to others, an unusual change in migration patterns. The silence on the bridge was broken by a single yell. "Object sighted!" In the center of the Vacant Zone, far in the distance, sat a gargantuan watercraft - far greater than any battleship the men had ever seen. Peters, the Tactics Officer, peered off into the distance with a small pair of binoculars. "Is that a ship?" Hann grumbled, as his brow furrowed. He took a single deep breath to calm himself, but didn't help him at all. "It's the Americans, isn't it? It's always the Americans." "Command can not identify the craft." Hoffman held a hand to his earpiece, listening intently to the words coming through it. "It is not of American origin." Berger spoke up. "Admiral Hann. Continue approach?" He let out a weary sigh. "That's what they're making us do, isn't it?" The Wolfgang continued to approach the craft, and as it veered closer into view, the crew gained a better look of it. Despite its immense size, it was sleek, almost like a luxury cruiser, but the top of it was covered in unusual metal coils, running from one end of the ship to the other. They came as close as they could and stared in awe, starstruck by the unusual vessel before their eyes. Hann stared at it, his face turning redder by the minute. A single vein bulged at the top of his forehead, threatening to burst. "It's the Chinese then, isn't it?" Berger dismissed the ramblings of his own admiral and asked the question everyone was waiting for, but nobody dared ask. "Should we investigate it?" "Yes," said Peters, returning to his assigned seat. "I'll ready a team immediately." A team was assembled and made their way onto the craft, trying to find a safe entrance within, rather than bust their way inside. The coils pulsed with an unusual energy, and from inside the ship itself came a thunderous rattling, with the occasional low pitched howl. The recon team continued to survey the ship, guns at the ready - should they encounter something hostile - waiting for the order to blast open the ship, for conventional measures to enter it had failed. "Why?" said Berger, not moving his eyes off the ship before him. "Why hasn't anything happened?" "This is a waste of time," said Hann, as he wiped sweat off his brow. "Blow it open." The recon team received the order, and after a brief moment of setup, blasted a hole into the side of the ship. The explosive charge did less damage than expected, and so they had to crawl in one by one, into the dark depths of the vessel itself. The crew upon the bridge waited, but as seconds turned to minutes, which then continued to roll by, they had a sinking feeling that something had gone wrong. "Recon team, come in." Peters spoke into his headset, but there came no reply. "Let's get out of here," said Hann, grinding his teeth against each other. "Let the Americans deal with it." "Command, potential hostile or dangerous elements in the unidentified vessel. Requesting permission to disengage." Hoffman droned into his microphone and waited for a response. "Command, come in." "Command?" He tapped at the screen before him, and turned towards the admiral with a fearful look upon his face. "Communications are down." "We'll leave anyway." Came the reply from Hann, fed up with the task at hand. But as the crew attempted to depart, they realized one by one that their ship itself had completely failed. The engine refused to start up, and their electricity slowly powered down, causing the lights to flicker and fade in an endless circadian rhythm - before powering down entirely. "We're dead in the water," said Berger, staring at the blank screen before him. "The Wolfgang is dead in the water." * * * /r/khaarus 