
The bells ring, and my time as a hero on this earth nears its end. I rise, dimly recognizing the sound of our own anthem. It is quite the entourage that comes to us. Their president, our greatest ally of twenty long years, heads the pack. I smile through the numbness. Malich is at my side, and I watch him do the same. I cannot help but wonder what is going through the mind of my friend. What will he think of me after this day? Would he stand there as he is, if he knew what I planned? He has always believed in me, in his emperor. I long for the days where I could too, when we were still the men we wanted to be instead of the ones we needed to be. When we took our first city, we were heralded as saviors. Liberators, they called us, in the wake of a now-forgotten tyrant. At the time I didn't blame them. The sight of our flags in those grimy streets, the glint off our uniforms in the sun... hell, you would've thought we were gods. But in time, they came to know. In time, as corpses piled and blood ran, we lost ourselves as saviors and embraced the role of rebels. The worst part was, they saw that as progression. More cities fell, more crowns passed hands, and somewhere along the line, rebels became conquerors. And when it was all finished, when the last foe lay vanquished, their conquerors became heroes. I am no hero. That much I always knew. My stomach twists as my counterpart approaches me, resplendent in white and gold, his grin as regal as his uniform. He looks about, relishing in the roar of the populace that surrounds us as he nears the foot of the stairs where I await him, and is then that I feel my conviction reinforced. I know what the world needs next. It needs peace. It needs balance. But as I watch this man before me, this man who so weaved a pattern of death across the land the very same as I did, I do not see peace. I only see more blood. More importantly, I see a people who crave it. I see a need for a new revolution that can only take place at the behest of any more violence. And I see that this revolution cannot happen with two conquerors at the helm. The president extends a hand to me. I take it in one of my own even as I clench the other beneath my coat. He turns to pose for the mob. Their cheers have never been louder. I bring out my other hand, and his face returns to mine just in time to see the gun at his forehead. And then it ends. With a single jerk of my finger, I end the reign of one conqueror and tarnish the legacy of another. There is blood in my vision again, real blood this time. Then screams. And then a rush. My weapon is out of my hand and I am knocked to the ground. I look up, and there, in the wake of my greatest crime, I feel neither shame nor regret. Instead I see Malich, alone, standing over me, and I feel overwhelming relief. Because he knows what he must do. I gaze into his eyes even as I stare down the barrel of his revolver, and I know that he understands. I know that I, who only ever wanted to be a hero, must die a villain. I know that it can only be by his hand. But most of all I know that he, with all of the power and none of the notoriety, can bring for these people what I never could. And I know that he hates me for it. With a final flash of a muzzle, our war ends at long last. 