
A bang, a flash. Yes, I remember that clearly in mind. Surprisingly there was no pain. I suppose my body was already numb from the shock of coming home to find this man, no boy, in my house. It's all really just a blur. I had only just spotted him when I opened the door. He was halfway down the stairs with my wife's jewellery box in one hand and the gun in the other pointing directly at me. The shot followed quickly after. I didn't even get a chance to tell him I didn't care, that he could take it or even that I could help him. With the support of the church we had helped many people in the community just like him. The shot had sent me hard to the ground, banging my head off the wall on the way down. My instincts took over and I just grabbed Rose. Attempting to put myself between her and my attacker. He didn't even look at us as he stepped over me and strode out the door. I clenched my hand full of Rose's dress and pulled her close. Blood was now everywhere, my shirt, the carpet and her dress. She had only got it last week for her birthday. The massive grin glowed from her all day. There was no sign of it now. My poor innocent girl, eyes wide just stared at me. A stream of tears flowed down her cheeks. "I love you Rose. You and your mother are the greatest things to ever happen to me. Don't lose faith. I will be with god soon." Ha, god. Where was he now? I stood now in an extravagate hall. Six marble columns etched with carvings of runes and symbols flanked both my sides. A large fire was blazing in the western walls fire pit; however I don't suspect that what was cause of the humid heat that pressured my skin from every angle. And there he was, sat on the throne just staring at me with those deep, dark red eyes. "Well, after all these years" his voice boomed out, echoing of the cold stone walls. "You are the first human", he really emphasised the word *human* "to ever step into my...." "**What?!** The first human?" I interrupted. The rage flooded over me like nothing I had ever felt before. I unclenched my right hand and pointed straight at him. "I know who you are, Satan. But how can I be the first human to ever be sent to hell. Me a worshipper of god, who had helped so many people on to the path god had carved out for us, who had been the man in the house since his father abandoned before he was born, who was a loving husband and caring father. HOW CAN I BE THE FIRST!" I had never felt such anger. I could feel my eyes peeled wide open but my vision had now narrowed with one thing in focus, him. The heat that had made breathing hard was now gone. His mouth widened into a massive grin baring his white, razor teeth at me. "Ah, yes. You have lived your whole life of righteousness and kindness. Been a loving husband and father you always wanted. Your mother, what did she ever tell you of your father?" I stumbled on the question. Why would he care about him? He who should be here, not me. "She never spoke of him. Whenever I would ask she would try to pass it off and tell me he was...." No. It can't be. His smile widened even further. "the Devil?" Edit: Just wanted to add any feedback is much welcomed since this was my first input to Writing Prompts 