
The Ivory was the kind of place that only existed for a certain kind of clientele. It had no sign outside, it never advertised, and the only entrance to the place was through an unmarked door in a back alley off one of the sketchiest places in the city. It was here that George Yemen was drinking. George was an older man in his late sixties. He regularly shaved his head so that he wouldn't see the gray in it, but his weathered face and expanding gut told more of his age than his hair would have. Mikhail, the bartender, had just brought him his second Long Island. It was a bit of a strange drink for a hitman to order, but in The Ivory they didn't judge. "Hey, George." Lucius Vant slid onto the bar stool beside George. Vant was an ordinary looking guy; average weight, average height, average face. It's what made him an excellent assassin. He could shoot a person in broad daylight and no one could ever give a good description of him. "Lucius." "Got another contract on you." Vant grinned and put a folder on the bar. He slid it over toward George. "From a lady down in the barrows. Some gold digger named Shin?" "I remember her." George nodded, "Took her money last month. Forty K up front." Lucius whistled nice and low. "Nice. Your deal still stands? Half of the contract money to pull it over on her?" "Yup." George nodded. He had the full forty still stashed away. He'd split it and deliver half to Lucius now that he knew that Lucius had the contract to kill him, "How much did she pay you to take me down?" "Bitch only gave me fifteen up front." Lucius grunted, "I'd screw her over just for that after learnin' she sent you out for forty." "Dicks." "The lot of em." Lucius agreed and held his finger up at Mikhail as the bartender passed by. Mikhail nodded and shuffled off. "So who you gonna take out and say it was me?" Lucius sat back and thought for a moment as Mikhail came back with a large German beer. "Not sure. Maybe one of the Meridas. Fuckin' hate those cartel bastards. I'd have to change my game up, use poison or something so they don't track it back to me. Still gonna need proof to show the rich bitch that whoever it was wasn't just some schmuck." "I'll get you the stuff when I get your money." George still had the target folder that Shin had given him. He'd hand it to Lucius. Lucius would splatter some blood on it and hand it back to Shin. Contract complete and they both make out with heavier wallets than before. "Hell, why don't we just go up and get it now?" George left his Long Island untouched on the counter, "I hate havin' business hangin' over my head." "Says the man who hasn't finished a contract in thirty years." Lucius stood up as well. "Perks of being the bastard that taught the rest of you how to do it right." 