
"Okay, door's locked. We've got the night to ourselves guys." "Let's just get this over with, Chris." "Okay, here we go. *Cough.* You find yourselves in a vast brick building. Once, it was perhaps grand, but now it is ancient and mouldering. It is overrun by insects and spiderwebs, by thorny ivy and by the very darkness itself. Waleak holds a candle in his hand, but it flickers in a chill breeze, its light causing your stretched shadows to flicker on the wall in staccato beats. What would you like to do, Therdiana?" "... Is he going to speak like that the whole time?" "Shut up, Therdiana! You've got to stay in role. That's how it works." "Oh? So from how you're eating those Cheetos, I'm guessing your character is a half-pig, Tom?" "*Waleak*. And no, I'm a ranger, *Therdiana*." "Therdiana, what would you like to do?" "To go home- ouch! What was that for, Tom? Fine. Whatever. I choose to 'explore' the 'ancient' 'building'." "You don't need to air quote everything." "Whatever." "Very well! Therdiana takes the candle and walks through the passageway. Her shadow is alone on the wall at her side, until... it is not! There is someone else in there with you!" "I gasp!" "It is a halfling. He somehow looks older than his age -- you can see that much in his eyes. *Cough*. 'Agh! What are you doing in my church?' it asks." "... *sigh.* Your church? But this ancient construct looked rundown and empty. I am only here to explore the relics of this clearly once grand place." "Nice, Therdiana." "Just shut up, Tom." "The halfling eyes you suspiciously. 'What are you?' it asks, its eyes ever widening, its curiosity ever growing." "Let me check my character sheet, good sir. Ah, I am a Cleric. I cannot tell you what that means, but my charisma is high." "Is not." "Is too." "'A cleric? In this God forsaken place? It has been too long! Please, would you do me a courtesy, oh person of the Gods?'" "I curtsy." "No, he said a *courtesty*, Therdiana. Oh my god, don't roll your eyes at me!" "Whatever. What can I do for you, little man?" "He grimaces at the expression, but somehow manages to ignore it. It likely says a lot about him. 'All I ask, is that you listen to my sins, and perhaps find it in yourself to absolve them?'" "Uh..." "Do it! He might give us a quest." "Greeeaaat. Fine. What sins have you to confess unto me?" "The halfling takes a deep breath before beginning his story. "My name is Dolfus. I am short in stature, but be that as it may, I have never let it hold me back. You see I am big in other ways. Powerful in other ways. Loyal. However... it did give me a most difficult start in life. I struggled to be seen, to be noticed, by those of the opposing gender.'" "Uh..." "Shh! Let him speak. This is quest territory." "'Yes, life was tough. I was made fun of and bullied, for I was not raised in halfling territory. I was raised in a land of oafs and fools. I fell back into a make believe world at times, just to get away from it all. But one day, a new girl started at my school-'" "School?" "'Yes. She was beautiful and wise, and didn't see my shortcomings, unlike the others. She saw what lay under the surface. And so the time came, after much planning and thought, that I invited her to my great catherdral for a game of my favourite... er... game.'" "Right... Seems a bit weird. Chris, is this- is this... Chris, maybe the girl felt a bit sorry for you and-" "'And I never let her leave.'" "What?" "'I never let her leave. She resisted to start with, but she learned true love. Eventually. Sadly, my best friend knew too much...''" "What??" "You notice the halfling is brandishing a knife. You notice him approach." "Chris, get back! I'm ser-" "You try to run, but the door at the top of the stairs is sealed. You feel warmth as the knife plunges into your stomach." "Oh my God, Chris!! What have you done. You've fucking stabbed him!?" "The halfling smears the blood on his knife across his pants, then stares at you with eyes that know love like no other has done so before. 'Don't worry, Therdiana, no harm shall come to you. Not as long as I am here.'" "Please Chris." "'Chris?' he asks, his brows furrowed. 'Who is this *Chris*? There is only Dolfus here. Dolfus and Therdiana. Forever.'" 