
Tarrence, as real as I'd imagined him, scowled over me as my nose lit up like a Hot Pocket and gushed blood. "Are you serious, man!?" "Bud... bud i didnd no i -" "Come on, man!" Tarrence reached down with one of his colossal hands and scooped me up by the shoulder. He looked to concentrate for a moment, though the scowl remained. Instantly, my nosebleed stopped. I could still taste iron, but my eyes went wide all the same. "You can cast spells!" "I'm a level 8 Cleric, dude. **Your** level 8 Cleric! Now what am I? *What am I?*" Clearly, he'd succeeded on his intimidate check. I peed a little. "I'm sorry -" "Wanna explain what you were thinking, man?" "Well Indigo fell into that pit and the DM didn't rip *her* sheet up, so I just thought -" "You just thought *WHAT?* That you could throw your boy Tarrence down a pit? Wilzario the Wizard didn't prepare Feather Fall this morning, man. *He didn't prepare Feather Fall!"* "Tarrence, I'm so sorry." I fell to my knees. "I never meant for you to die." "'I jump into a pit'. That's what you said. That kind of sounds like you meant for me to die. And now what, you're playing a *ninja? A NINJA?"* Tarrence was positively frightening when he yelled. A lady walking her dog along the other side of the street stopped and stared, but when she caught Tarrence's eye, she kept on moving. Tarrence looked back down at me. "I should lightning you." "No, please, I -" "I'm not gonna, man! I'm just pissed! It's embarrassing in the unemployment line for Tarrence! All these people wearing trenchcoats and hoodies and me in full plate - what am I now, a traffic cop?" "Maybe you could work at a church?" "You seein' lots of churches of Thor around, man?" I shook my head. Tarrence was looking angrier, and I felt another dribble of urine slip out. "Maybe you could work at the grocery store with me." "Does Tarrence, Thunder-Lord of Nazdel, look like he's equipped to *stock dairy!?"* Before I could reply, a boy ran up, wide-eyed. "Are you Terry Crews?" "That's a coincidence!" We both shouted, and the boy scattered. "You got your iPhone, bitch?" Tarrence asked. "Y-yeah." "You got your iPhone portable charger?" I nodded. "You're coming with me. Set your Spotify to Metallica. I need a Bard." He clasped me by the shoulder, and led me off on an adventure. 