
The gods of all the universes gathered to present God A1, the god of the first universe, the fruit of their labor. The Meeting of the Gods used to be a chance to share and discuss, but lately, a new radicalized god had been taking center stage, God C137. He presented God A1 a thin bottle of green glass with dew clung to its neck. He called it *craft beer*. When the liquid touched God A1's lips, his eyes widened and he held the bottle to his eyes so he could read the label. "You're telling me that there are many more variations to this?" God A1 asked, handling the bottle like it was precious stone. God C137 beamed. "Yes," he said, "And more are made everyday." "Marvelous. Truly Marvelous." Once again, God C137 would steal the show. "And how did you do it? How did create such a drink?" A1 asked. "I didn't." Normally, an answer like that would've resounded in hushed gasps of air. But everyone was used to God C137's eccentric views by now. "Your humans came up with this on their own," A1 said, chuckling. "Of course they did." --- God B23 and C56 sat at the tables furthest from the stage. It was by choice. Their place used to be right next to A1 Himself, but once C137 joined the table, their worlds ceased becoming the best managed world's of Multiverse C and simply became a point of comparison for C137. "He's so damn smug," B23 said as he grudgingly drank more of this *craft beer*. "Shameless even!" C56 said and reached for her third beer. "I say that he just lucked out with his humans. He got a brighter bunch than the rest of us and now he doesn't even have to do anything for them to make whatever the hell this is." C56 nodded through every word. "If I had his batch of humans, I'd set them straight. There wouldn't be any question about whether gods exists or not. Believe in me or I rain thunder down upon your house." B23 returned her the nods. C56 had the most stringent followers of all the universes. Her priests were the pastors of her world and her followers their sheep. As it should be. Through her world, she became known as the Pastor God. His own universe held more leeway. He had allowed other religions to exist only so he could crush them with his power. He believed in leadership by example. Through his world, he was dubbed the Iron God. "I hear they fight wars in C137," the Pastor God said. "Not just any wars, wars based on countries." The Iron God had heard the word before, but had ignored it when C137 was again bragging about his world. Countries were apparently invisible lines that marked land that belonged to the humans. What a concept--humans owning their own land. "Ridiculous," the Iron God scoffed. "It's because they lack discipline. They need examples of holy retribution to show them who truly owns their land." "They need a guiding light before they all kill each other." The green glass bottle shattered inside the Iron God's hand and he quickly grabbed another. "If I were given his batch of humans, I'd create wonders beyond this silly drink"--he gulped down another mouthful--"he's wasting his humans' talent." The Pastor God took a bottle in each hand and stored another on her person for later. "Think about all the great things we could create with humans of such talent. They just need the proper devotion to do it." "Or the proper incentive." Once again, scenes of thunder and fire burned behind the Iron God's eyes. Admittedly, he had tried this approach already. After the previous meeting, when C137 presented television to A1, he had gone to his humans and decreed that if they did not give him a gift worth presenting, he would unleash hell upon their world. But all they did was sacrifice more virgins. The Pastor God and the Iron God watched C137 laughing at the table with A1. He was probably sprouting more nonsense about independence and nurturing proper dependency. They gritted their teeth and drank more craft beer. The bastard just got a better batch of humans is all. --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day! 