
"The Queen is immortal!" "Long live the Queen!" "She's older than dirt!" These jokes were funny... until they weren't. Now an elephant sits in every British room, looming over each and every Brit. "How *IS* she still alive....?" Elizabeth, for her part, went right on with her life, apparently unaware of the commotion her unnatural longevity was causing. But she wasn't unaware, nor was she indifferent. She visited Phillip's grave in late July, 2050, as she had every day since he passed. "How I wish I could join you, my love," she whispered. "It's dreadful here in this life without you." A man in a dark cloak stepped out from behind a nearby tree. "I'm sorry to hear that, my Queen. Perhaps I can help." *click* Elizabeth closed her eyes. "Put that toy away before you hurt yourself, boy." When the frail old woman did not stand nor rise nor react at all in the way he presumed she would, the would be assassin took an indignant step forward. "You don't understand, senile old bat. I'm here to-" The Queen sighed. "I know why you're here, and it's you who doesn't understand. Please don't take another step, I promise you won't enjoy the consequences." She heard the gun rattle as the gunman fiddled with it uncomfortably. He was wavering. Unsure of himself. That was good. "You aren't the first to try this," she continued, "And I doubt you'll be the last....but I won't be dying anytime soon, young man." After another long, tense pause, the assassin laughed. "Why won't you die, your majesty?" "Because I can't," she said, "Not for another century or so.....*If only I could*..." The Queen sighed again, and this time, she seemed to deflate, to let down her guard. The gunman then could see her in a new light, she looked every one of her years had taken a toll. She looked like a little old lady, alone in a big cruel world. She looked vulnerable. The gunman took another step toward her, gun cocked. "Why *can't* you die," he amended. Elizabeth finally stood, rising slowly, and turned to face him. Her eyes were follow of serene sorrow. "Simply the terms of the deal." "Deal," the gunman asked, chuckling, "With who?" The Queen looked down. "Him." A shadow shot up from the ground and wrapped itself around the assassin's ankle. "What the-" Elizabeth turned away, unable to bear the sight of another soul stolen on her account. Yet she couldn't escape the sound. "I warned you," she shouted. More shadows whipped up from the ground, snapping onto the assassin like tentacles of the deep. He screamed as the shadow dragged him below the dirt, even shrieking muffled cries for help when his head went under. When it was finished, Elizabeth went to Phillip's grave and took a single, white flower. She laid it down on her would-be killer's unmarked resting place. "I'm sorry." ~ r/CharlestonChews EDIT: When I went to sleep last night, I definitely wasn't expecting this to blow up. It's never the ones you think will be good that do well, lol. Glad so many of you enjoyed it! EDIT 2: Oh, and long live the Queen! 