
The brass rings at noon, like the bells of some demented church. The women scream. Today it is Evette. Her voice breaks, and from the cauldron it echoes with a ghostly terror. *Be a man,* my mind says. *These are your people.* But my courage is as bold as my shadow. The sounds of pilfering happen and I march away from it all. The other guards stare at me. They know. But they are complicit as well. As the time passes we feel his presence. He is a madman and he hops in his manic way. The jittering of steel sounds like a drum. I feel an executioner's glare upon my neck. The heat of powerful magic passes me by. He hops side to side until he is directly behind me. The he crouches like some animal. He walks up to me. The shadow pulls in this coming afternoon and I wonder that it flows like my life. He walks past me with Evette's goods. A bit of her dress trails his foot. *Sick. Do something. If you call yourself a man you should do something.* But I don't. I never do. Living is not the best, but it is all I know. I think of poor Evette but then I think of Anastasia. I think how she is at home with Bernard. Little Bernard who needs a father. Beside the wall is Kilton. He stares from the corner of his eye. He has a daughter. Was it Mary or Stacy? I forget. But his eyes have empathy. They understand. He understands. There is no shame in this. The man hops in front of me like a madman. Then he looks me in the eye. I notice his sword. It is an ancient blade and his hands are strong and skilled. I would not stand a chance against him. And he stares in silence and compels me to talk. "Citizen," I say. And he mocks me with his silence and he hops some more. "Yo man, what's up?" I can't understand much. "Everything all right?" And he hops towards me and my life flashes. He hops in challenge and I feel my manhood challenged. "You want to come at me, man? You know I just put a pot on that bitch's head and robbed her blind? Huh? You know that? Robbed her blind! You know why she was blind? Cause I put a pot on her head." And he hops more and more. My blood boils but Bernard is on my mind. "Whatcha gonna do bout that huh?" He is too strong. Too powerful. *Back down. You have to back down.* But another part of my mind was suicidal. *No! Be a man and fight!* Maybe one day I will listen to that part of my mind. Maybe one day I will give in. But not today. Today I live. "I used to be an adventurer like you. Then I took an arrow in the knee..." And he laughs at me and degrades me some more. I feel emasculated but at least I know I will come home to Anastasia tonight. Kilton looks at me and nods. Then he looks away. Such is the life of a guard. 