
Tears welled up in my eyes as I stared at the crumpled piece of paper in my hand. "Congratulations!" it read. "You've found the treasure. It might not be exactly what you expected when you first started out, though. Throughout your journey, you've no doubt learned quite a few lessons. You faced many trials and hardships, but in the end, you overcame them all through the power of teamwork. And that, dear adventurer, is the real treasure: the friends you made along the way. You don't need gold or rubies to show you what's really important; you've learned that for yourself. I truly hope this has been a memorable and valuable experience for you, and I wish you luck in all your future travels. Best wishes, Ichabod Alexander." The tears finally overflowed and spilled out, flowing freely down my cheeks. I made no attempt to wipe them away as I let my gaze travel up from the sheet of paper and settle on the huge, ornate treasure chest in which I had found it. Even the box's gold lining, I now saw, was fake; the gold leaf had peeled away in some spots, revealing the iron beneath. The whole thing was a mockery. I glanced to my left, where the fresh body of Billy lay on the cold, hard ground, a poison arrow sprouting from his shoulder. He had made it just long enough to see the treasure chest, and then he had collapsed and died on the spot. I touched the wooden bracelet on my wrist. Xavier had given it to me as he died from a spear in his chest, making me promise to give it to his wife back home along with his share of the treasure. He had been the first to go; we hadn't been expecting this journey to be so horrific, so filled with death, but we had pressed on, certain that the treasure would be worth it for those who survived. And this was it. This was what all my friends had died for- a crumpled piece of paper extolling the virtues of friendship. I was almost glad Billy hadn't survived long enough to see the fruits of our labor. I whirled around, suddenly coming to a decision in my mind. Billy would be alright here; this was a fine tomb for him, and I was fairly certain no one would ever disturb his body. Besides, he wouldn't have wanted to present any hindrance to what I was about to do. I drew my sword from its scabbard as I marched back out into the maze. All its traps and hazards couldn't stop me now. I was on a new mission, and this time, it really would be worth dying for. I was going to find Ichabod Alexander and teach him the true meaning of friendship. 