
The strange concoction burns my throat on its way down; searing my insides as it searches for the pit of my despair. Everything around me is starting to blur now; the gray, stormy skies and the moon are a blur before we make our descent on to the top of the structure looming in front of us. "Get him, now!" I mumble to the terrified boy; barely remembering my exact words as he scurries off into the darkness. My feet are beginning to wobble and creak under the weight of my unstable now, threatening to leave me in a crumpled heap on the floor. A fog begins to fill my mind with a silver mist, conjuring a memory I remember being part of many years ago. "When you said you'll kill me, where you joking?" I ask him... Him; my most honest and ever-present confidante in times of great moral peril. "No," he says, his black hair billowing gently in the soft breeze. I hear a soft bell clink, like wineglasses kissing, inside my mind. "Why do you lie to me?" I ask him, my heart sinking and shrinking away at the implications of such a possibility. "Because you have the ability to see the truth," he replies calmly. "And I have the ability to see the future. One day, I will kill you. As much as it breaks my heart, I will have to." The sound of footsteps snaps me away from my reverie. A boy returns in front of me, but he isn't the one I sent away for help. His hair has a silver lustre under the moonlight, and his face is contorted into an ugly mess by invisible terrors. He cries and says words I do not understand. I only catch the last phrase he utters. "*I have to kill you, or he will kill me.*" More figures emerge from the darkness. None of them are my savior's. I recognize each and everyone of them, even in my desolate, helpless and intocicate state; a sign that each of them here is a clear and present dangerous to my goal. I do not believe in God, but my fear makes me pray. Where is he? I ask myself, aching for magic that I myself am incapable of creating. And then, from the umbra of the shadows, he emerges. The boy from my vision... now a man, who promised to kill me. My heart sighs in relief but no one hears it. I try not to let the elation show on my face. But this is how it was all mrant to end. This is why the ones without magic pray, I realize. I somehow manage to raise my hand in his direction and I mutter my final words. "Severus, please." *Avada Kedavra* As the ominous green light makes its way towards me, those two words... the most powerful in the world, the most damning, irreversible of them all, echo a thousand times in my mind. Everyone else in the room hears only the words; only I feel the love, the grief and the terrible burden of faith with which they are uttered, before I die. r/whiteshadowthebook 