
My finger slowly moves toward the bottom when a shout behind me stops it. "No! Stop! Freeze or we will fire!" I spin around, seeing an army of a hundred men and woman, all holding guns of different shapes and sizes. I raise my hands above my head, staring, dumbfounded, terrified about what was happening. "We come to the future to stop this. If you press that button, the world will end." I back up. "Why is an elevator button going to destroy the world?" I ask. One man, toward the front of the group, is looking at a watch, another turns to show me a laptop. Instantly, I dive toward the button, slamming my fist into it. The elevator dings open and I retreat inside, bullets peppering the walls and around me. I dive toward the shelter of a small wall besides the opening and press a random button on the key pad. Three floors above, a business man loses his patience for the elevator and walks toward the stairs. He climbs up, reaching the top several minutes later, and enters a door. On the staircase, a small golden jewel fell out of his pocket. A small boy finds it and pockets it, running off with glee. The boy shows this gold to his mother and they sell it, paying off the debt to a house and going on a nice vacation. The mother longs for more wealth, seeing what a small portion of it does, and begins stealing money to help her family survive. With this money, the boy grows up in a nice house, but discovers his mother's secret and runs away. The mother is devastated and ends her life the next day. The son realizes this and also ends his life in a gas station bathroom. The owner of the gas station is accused of murder and tried for a life in prison. In prison, the owner of the gas station helps a criminal mastermind escape in return for the gas station owner also escaping and ten thousand dollars. The criminal mastermind gets a new ID and a job at the Pentagon. After five years, he works his way up and discovers a disastrous weapon. He figures out the plans to build one and does this, taking over the world. A small rebellion group tries to stop him and he uses the weapon on them, but because it wasn't designed perfectly it blew up the world. He takes the laptop away, and I breathe quickly. "All of that happens because I press the elevator button?" "No. The actual reason is classified, but that distracted you long enough to save the world. Thank you, Mr. Seingo. Good luck." One by one, the army disappears until no one is left. A note is left on the ground and I walk over to pick it up. *We're sorry for this, Mr. Seingo* Then the building explodes. r/FortyTwoDogs 