
I stepped out of the pod, the steam a cool chill on my body. *Idiots!* I thought. They had said only ten years! From the looks of it, it had been at least one hundred. They scientist who talked too much before he sent me into sleep probably accidentally added a zero. I looked at my body, sighing. One hundred years had not been good on me. Everyone would judge me. I exited the lab room, stepping out in to the large white exterior room. There were tons of scientists milling about, each one wearing a form of a veil. It was difficult to distinguish their features. One of them turned to me, and started to call out in excitement. "Guys! The eternal speaker has awoke-" his clipboard clanged to the ground as he stared at me, his jaw wide open. I winced inside, I wasn't *that* ugly was I? "Wow," he said, "God has returned to mankind." "Fuck off!" I yelled, flipping him the bird. What an asshole. As I moved to exit the room I heard more whispers. I couldn't completely decipher some of the words, as the language had undoubtably changed during my sleep. News of my awakening quickly spread, though unfortunately not for the reason I expected. Everyone around the world was mocking me for my physique, calling me "the perfect being" and "an angel incarnate." It was horrible. The world had gotten so cruel. I had volunteered to enter deep sleep to escape the insults... the name calling... the *sting*. It was even worse now. I started to break down. I couldn't take it any longer, everyone was so cruel. "Please!" I heard a yell off to the side. A group of men and women were standing together, their features still masked, calling out to me. I turned, bracing myself for another cruel attack. "Let us touch you! Please, Beauty of Mankind. No Nanogenetisict could engineer a specimen so perfect!" I didn't fully understand what a Nanogenetisict was, but I understood enough. I stood still, praying that I would just dissapear. They walked closer, and two tentatively reached out their hands to me. *Assholes,* I thought, *They were even playing the part...* Their fingers touched me, and they shuddered. Both fainted. I stared at them in complete shock. They didn't seem to be faking... The rest of the group stared at me, some periodically convulsing in what seemed to be pure pleasure. One of them, a woman, gasping for air spoke to me. "How?!" she sputtered out. "How are you so beautiful? How can we be like you?" This was real then. I sank to the ground, relief consuming me. It was as if I had lived my life in metal chains, constantly pulling me down. It had finally happened. I was beautiful. I could have anything I wanted, any girl I wanted. The world was mine for the taking. This was my chance. I froze. This was my chance. I looked at the woman who was in complete worship of me. At the men bowing down to me. And for what? For looks? I looked at them, a new feeling brewing inside me. The desire for change. To help the me of the past, to start a movement which I always wished would happen. "True beauty is on the inside." *** Humor, Scifi, Reality Fiction and FeelGood stories over at [r/ConlehWrites](https://www.reddit.com/r/ConlehWrites/)! 