
'You can make us immortal?' I squinted through the projector beam and shielded my eyes with a cupped palm. I saw the woman who had asked the question. She had square glasses, and her hair was pulled back in a tight ponytail. With five rows of chairs, she sat in the front. 'Yes, I can,' I said. The conference room in the Hilton had a single window - with no way of opening it - and a broken air conditioning unit. I looked as if I had just stepped out of the shower fully dressed. I was sweating so bad that my armpits started to breach my suit jacket. 'Bullshit, you're still a baby!' A man from the back shouted. He wore a baseball cap with the New York Yankees logo and an oversized jumper. He stood up from his seat and continued. 'How old are you?' This was a common question and one that didn't phase me. 'Do you want to know my physical age or my *actual* age?' 'Both.' 'I was born in Ninety-five, which makes me Twenty-Four. But, I became immortal at Twenty, which makes my body appear younger.' The baseball cap man roared with laughter. 'What's the fuckin' difference?' 'The *difference* is,' The woman from the front row turned, her ponytail snapped so violently that it could have been a medieval flail.' His body won't age past Twenty.' I could smell a teacher's pet a mile off, but I was glad to have audience members participate. 'Exactly as Ms-' I said, pausing. The woman spun back around, smiled, and said. 'Deliah,' 'Exactly as Ms Deliah put it,' I finished. The man at the back stood and removed his baseball cap to reveal touselled brown hair. He used the hat to fan the air and said. 'I don't know about you guys, but I can't stand the smell of bullshit.' He squeezed his way to the end of his row, paused, and looked at the remainder of the audience. 'I'm trying to save y'all. Come on.' The man gestured for the door with his hat. The ten, or so, remaining audience members looked between him and me like it was a child custody hearing. 'Just because I haven't experienced both World Wars, doesn't mean I'm lying,' I said. 'I've had enough of this shit. Come on.' The man with the baseball cap stood by the door, he opened it, and cool air rushed in. Two others stood up; an overweight gentleman and, what looked to be, his partner. They shuffled to the end of their row, dipped their heads and hurried out of the room. Ms Deliah tutted like a disappointed mother. 'I want to reassure you all that this *isn't* a lie or a scam,' I said. 'All immortals have to start somewhere. To become immortal, you must first give up some of your own time.' 'See!' The man with the baseball cap said. He was still stood with the door open, which was a blessing because it let air into the room. 'Sounds like a scam if you ask me.' 'Shut up,' Ms Deliah said. I hid my smile and said. 'Once you give up some of your time, you can then collect others time. I sold a year of my life, and now I can pass the good fortune on to you folks.' 'It's a fuckin' pyramid scheme!' 'Yes,' I said. 'But, it's the best damn pyramid scheme you'll find.' --- /r/WrittenThought 