
"So this is... heaven?" The man looked at me strangely. "Hm. You may call it so." I glanced around me. What had I expected? Soft fluffy clouds, heavenly hymns and angels with halos and wings. What I got? A blank white room and a man I didn't even recognize. Yep. I had expected to see my family, my husband, my grandmother even. Not a stranger. "So... what are you? An angel or something?" He gave me a stern look, before clasping his hand together. "Angel. A servant of God? That would be incorrect. Many would make such a mistake. It is understandable, but you may refer to me as angel if you so desire. It matters not to me." I frown. This wasn't going anywhere. "Okay Mr. Angel. Where am I? Why am I here? The last thing I can remember was..." *Huh?* I couldn't remember, my mind was drawing blanks. I try to think back to yesterday morning. What did I have for breakfast? Nothing. Just fuzzy images of black and white. I hold my head in my hands, slightly distressed. "Sophie, there is no need for you to be concerned. Here you are free, transcended. You have done well to have come here. It is a place that few can reach. Even your grandmother would be proud." "Really? My grandma's here too?" "Yes, she is and-" "Of course she's here. She was the nicest and greatest person I knew. She- Is she pissed?" I asked as I suddenly remembered all the bitching she had done about how useless and worthless I was. "Pissed?" he asked with a confused look. "Yea. I mean... I was a failure as her heir. I couldn't accomplish anything great. She saved lives. *Many* lives with only her words. And what did I do? I served fries to overweight kids at a middle-school..." I hung my head in shame as I remember bits and pieces of my overwhelmingly insignificant life. Putting on my hairnet every morning, standing over ovens and batters of fries, serving trays of junk food to kids. It was painful just thinking about it. "Sophie. It appears that you have been mistaken. That is simply not true." I look up at the man. Curious of what he meant. "In this place, contributions are measured by 'levels' and you Sophie... have achieved a magnificent level. A feat that I have rarely seen in my time. Sophie," he pauses to smile at me warmly. "...You are level three-thousand-and-Eight." I frown. That number meant nothing to me. "Your Grandmother was level sixty-four," he added. My eyes went wide. Now I understood and it was hard to believe. In fact, I thought it must have been a mistake. "How?" I uttered. "There must be some kind of glitch in your system. Are you sure you've got the right gal, Angel-man or whatever you are?" The Angel-man scoffs, then laughs. "My, my. So humble too." I laugh with him. Not because I agreed with what he said but because of how incredulous this seemed. *Me? Humble? Ha.* That's a good one almost. I stop laughing abruptly. "No really. I'm serious. How?" The man paused. "You're serious?" I nodded. "Well then," the angel-man shrugs nonchalantly. "Guess I will have to show you." He waves his hand around him and suddenly I am met with images of people I didn't know. Men and woman of different attires doing different kinds of jobs. From working in an office, to working as a caretaker. One thing was common among them. They were happy. Then an image of a middle-aged man in a suit appears in front of me. He is standing behind a podium speaking to thousands of people. There are cameras. Perhaps millions more were watching. Time reverses. His everyday life begins to rewind. His clothes change, the people around him change. The man grows younger, and soon I come to recognize the man as the lonely little boy who never had lunch to eat. Time continues to rewind until at last, single moment comes to pause in front of me. It was the moment that he received a bowl of fries from me. Tears begin to fall, but I am smiling. I guess my life wasn't worth nothing in the end. -------- /r/em_pathy 