
Britney flipped the pen between her fingers, tapping the textbook in the process. She yawned and glanced at the clock again. Every time she looked, the arms of the clock seemed to move slower, and every time, she was surprised by how little time had passed since she last looked. Mrs. Locust (her name was really Mrs. Lucas, but Britney found the nickname much more suiting for the happiness-sucking math teacher) patrolled back and forth in front of the blackboard. Finally, after what seemed like two and a half aeons, the bell rang. "Remember the test next Tuesday," Mrs. Locust barked. "Study, study, study!" Britney filed into the current of students, allowing herself to be swept along into the sea of frenzied teenagers in the corridor outside. She barely had time to stuff her books into her locker when Tara (aka. Lil' Darkness) hooked arms with her on the right side. "'Sup, B?" said the short pale girl with black hair and overdone makeup. "What are you up to this weekend?" Britney didn't have time to answer before another girl appeared on her left side and trapped her other arm. The smiling face of Quinn (aka. Teen Doom) appeared. She flipped her fiery hair and crossed her eyes. "*Study, study, study,*" she mimicked the teacher. "That b-to-the-h, is relentless!" "Tell me about it," Britney said. "At least your dad is a scientist and can help you with the homework!" "I wish!" Quinn pouted. "He's always working on some new scheme." As they exited the school building, Britney turned to Tara. "About the weekend - I was hoping I could tag along and watch you guys... *conduct villainy*." Being the friend of two supervillains wasn't always easy, especially when you didn't have any powers of your own. In reality, Britney wanted to relax at home, play some video games, and chat with boys, but sometimes you had to make compromises. "Sweet!" Tara and Quinn chimed at the same time. The three friends eventually ended up on the roof of the school. That's where they usually hung out during recess. At first, Britney had insisted on climbing up on her own, but that got exhausting quite fast. Now, Tara flew them all up instead. It was quicker that way. "Want a smoke?" Tara said and lit a cigarette with a quick flick of her heat ray. "I'm good, thanks," Britney said. "Effing wimp!" Tara teased and took a drag. "Don't you talk to her like that," a voice thundered over the roof. All three of the girls rolled their eyes at the same time and turned around. Hovering a couple of feet above the ground was Todd (aka. Captain Valor, Jr.) in full costume. "Release her at once, and I'll let you two walk!" He put his hands on his hips and struck a pose. "You know that wearing your costume to school makes you look like a geek, right?" Quinn said. "Help, help!" Britney said and giggled. "Shut up, B," Tara said and elbowed the blonde. "We'll never get rid of him now." "Don't worry, my lady!" Todd said. "I'll save you." "Oh, yeah?" Quinn said. "What are you going to do? You know we're not allowed to fight at school." "Silence, Wench!" Todd said. "I'll stay right here to make sure nothing bad happens to her!" "Wench? What is this, the 1800s?" Todd's cheeks turned red under the mask. "Sorry, got excited by the history lesson." "Geek!" both Tara and Quinn said. "Ignore those two," Britney said. "I think you're really brave." Todd's cheeks turned even redder. "What are you doing?" Quinn whispered. "Stop encouraging him!" "Come with me, my lady," Todd said. "Let me whisk you away from here." Tara snorted. Quinn made a face. The bell rang for class. "Phew," Britney said. "Literally saved by the bell! Thanks for distracting them, Captain Valor, Jr.!" "Don't worry, my lady, I'll be back to protect you next recess!" And with that, Todd made a salute and flew down from the roof. "Good job, B," Tara said. "Yeah, good effing job," Quinn agreed. "Now we're stuck with this loser for at least a week." Britney smiled. Sometimes it felt nice being the center of attention. ***** [r/Lilwa_Dexel](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/5foev0/welcome/) 