
All things considered, I think I got a better deal. After all, who would want to live forever? Certainly not me. The wish I made was the wish of a young man, one who had never known loss - *true* loss- before in his life. Forever is a hell of a long time. It only took a few years after I made the wish for me to realize how stupid I had been. I loved Alison, I truly did, but it wasn't until our daughter's birth that my wish, immortality, seemed like the stupidest thing I could've done. I knew forever meant I would lose Ali one day. I rationalized that away; a lifetime together and I would be satisfied. But as I held Julia in my arms I thought of who she would become -a toddler with corkscrewed sandy hair, a teenager with wide eyes, a young woman ready to take on the world - I regretted my decision. How could I watch her die? The day my heart seized, I laughed. I didn't think it could be real. Even without immortality, I was only 36. Heart attacks don't happen to healthy people, young people, people who eat right and don't smoke. But I died. I *did* die. It wasn't the end, I guess. I woke up in the morgue a few days later, with a deep stitched-Y spanning across my chest. I wrapped myself in a sheet, snagged a wallet out of a desk drawer, and snuck out the back door. The wallet belonged to the medical examiner. Janet Greene must've had some day, losing a hundred bucks in cash, a two-for-one fast food coupon, a lab coat, and a body. I used the money to get a room at a seedy motel. The burgers were delicious, hot and greasy and cheap. The bed was lumpy, the sheets had permanent stains, and the fan did nothing to cool the room (it only spread thick dust around the room as it shook). I was alive again. I realized I had two options: I was still immortal but would die and come back, or I *wasn't* immortal, not truly, after all. I didn't know which option scared me more. The one who gave me the wish was long gone. I had to figure it out for myself. I couldn't go back to Alison and Julia. They wouldn't understand. Even if they did, what kind of life would we have? I would always be running away from this curse. So I rebuilt my life. Turned it into a mosaic. Over time, though, that crumbled too. I watched Alison and Julia from afar. They died, painlessly and inevitably. It was all I could have ever asked for. If I was a young man again, if I had my wishes again, I would wish for such quiet deaths. I died three times before Julia passed. Car wreck, second heart attack, bad case of the flu. I aged, too. Slower than normal, but the lines still came. It had been ninety years since my wish when I found my first grey hair. My life became a patchwork. I was homeless, for a long time. Froze to death one night on a street corner in January. I had no reason to stay alive. I jumped from bridges, out of sides of buildings. I chased down criminals, saved some lives. I joined circuses and freak shows to make some petty cash. My life became a blur. History unfolded, it ripped the world apart and then sewed it neatly back together. I understood how fragile times of peace were, how easily they would disappear. The violence was always an undertone, a haunting melody that plays in the background of life. Marie was the one who finally figured it out. I met her in Marseille, sometime after the Continental War. I didn't know what life I was on. It had to be high, that I knew, especially after the wars. I told her I was afraid. I wasn't lying then. She laughed, handed me a bottle of cheap wine, and welcomed me to humanity. She only had one life, and even if I had only two, I was still ahead of her. I laughed too. It was the first time in a long time that I felt some warmth. We spent many years together. She grew old, inevitably. Her edge never dulled, her fire never cooled. My own hair turned grey, the lines sunk deep into my forehead and creased around my eyes. Her heart monitor beeped; the slopes of the line shallowed. Many things advanced; some never changed. I crawled into the bed next to her and pressed a kiss against the thick lines of her face. She wrapped her hand around mine and squeezed with the little strength she had left. When Marie walked into the darkness, I followed. I stayed with her, this time. --- /r/liswrites 