
Steven had been an avid smoker for twelve years now. "Was this my sixth or seventh attempt at quitting?" Steven asked himself as he pulled his rusted out 98' Ford Explorer into the driveway. He turned the car off and got out, "well it doesn't really matter now cause here I am, back at it again. What's Daniel going to think? Here's the sixth or seventh time I've shown him, that I can't keep my promises. Sooner or later he's going to realize I can't follow through on things." Steven's reliability, or lack thereof, was something that his wife, Stephanie was already well aware of. Each time he said he was going to quit, Steven would make a big production out of it. He'd make a long winded speech at dinner about all the money they were going to save and that he was going to treat the family to a vacation for the first time. Each time their son, Daniel, would get his hopes up and each time he'd be let down. Seeing as how Steven could never quit for longer than a three-week period, the $76.97 that he had "saved the family" wouldn't get the them over the state line. It was a hot July day and Steven couldn't wait to get inside. The air conditioning in his car didn't work and neither did the windows. Only the rear passenger window went down about half way. As he reached for the knob on the front door, someone inside beat him to it and opened it for him. There stood a man, about 25 years old who had a patchy beard, unkempt shoulder length hair, and he appeared to be underweight but it was hard to tell because his shirt was so baggy. "Dad?" said this strange man. Steve's first thought was that he had the wrong house. But the mailbox next to the door said 627 Maple Shade drive, so he was in the right place. The only logical explanation was that Steven has misheard him. Maybe it was one of Stephanie's friend's and her son were over or something. "I'm sorry what was that?" Steven asked. The man replied, "Dad, it's me. Your son." "Very funny, seriously though who let you in here?" responded Steven who was starting to get annoyed at this man who was blocking the entrance and letting all of the air condition out of the house. "Your son" insisted the man. "I was worried that you wouldn't recognize me, Mom said you'd know immediately once you saw me. But I guess she was wrong." Steven lost his temper and pushed past the man to enter his home. "I don't know who the hell you are or who you're pretending to be. But my son Daniel is twelve years old and you are most certainly not him. Now you've got three seconds to tell me who you are or get the hell out of my house before I call the cops." At this point Steven was both infuriated and fearful at what would happen next. "Stephanie!" he yelled up the steps to make sure she was ok. "Stephanie, are you there? Are you ok?" The man looked Steven in the eyes. Heartbrokenly he said "Dad it's me. It's Brandon." "Br ...Br... Brandon? No you're not... You can't be. Are you really?!" responded the awestruck Steven. His mind was racing a mile a minute, he couldn't wrap his head around what was happening. Brandon had disappeared thirteen years ago. He was on the brink on crying now. They had lost him and the police never found a trace. He had gone to the park to play basketball, and just never came home. They said it was as if he had vanished, but most likely he had been abducted. After the first 48 hours, Steven and Stephanie had prepared themselves for the worst, but the news never came. They knew nothing and somehow knowing nothing was worse. Steven had started praying for some sort of closure. He was praying for his son's body to be found, but it never was. During the first year Steven and Stephanie were on the brink of divorce. They couldn't stand to look at each other and all the marriage counselors were a complete waste of money. That didn't stop them from trying to make their marriage work though, because Stephanie was pregnant again. They had a second chance at having a family. The tears were streaming down Steven's face now and there was no stopping them either, his son was home. He recognized him now through the beard and the long hair. It was his son. His son that they had assumed was dead for almost twelve years was alive and he was standing right in front of Steven. Stephanie was on the couch; she had already gone through a box a tissues. Daniel was sitting next to her, looking as confused as ever. Daniel never knew about his older brother, his parents were both unable to talk about Brandon without spiraling back into a depression, so they just didn't. They would sort that out later but none of that mattered now because he was home. Brandon finally came back to them. 