
A new guy shuffled into the recreation area surrounded by two guards. He had wire-thin hair and jittery eyes. The orange uniform didn't fit him right, it was too baggy, and he was too thin. The guards led him up a set of stairs and down to his cell. 'Is Father Time your new cellmate?' Ed asked. James sat on a metal bench in the middle of the rec area. He watched the new guy shuffle overhead. The guards stopped him at cell fifty-four. 'I guess so,' James said and rose. He clapped a hand on Ed's back. 'Here, take this.' From the inside of his cuff, James produced a poorly rolled cigarette and passed it to Ed. 'What do you want?' Ed asked, his eyebrow raised. 'Just take it before Big Mike, and the other guard sees it.' Ed glanced up and then snatched the cigarette. He lifted a portion of his long hair and tucked the cigarette behind his ear, flopping his hair back over so it was almost invisible. 'Thanks,' He muttered. James could see the look in Ed's eye, which appeared whenever anyone did anything that resembled kindness. It's a look that Ed has carried since he was five and his uncle came to stay. They were alone and his uncle gave him a ten dollar bill. At first, it seemed like a kind gesture, but his uncle said something that cemented the look in Ed's eye: *you don't get sumthin' for nuthin'*, as he undid his belt. James didn't know *why* Ed was so suspicious -- he couldn't have. All James knew was Ed had walked into a school and killed five children. Ed could have killed more. He sealed the doors to a classroom which held twenty-four students, and yet, left nineteen of them alive. Only Ed and his uncle knew why. 'That's what friends are for,' James said. Ed tapped the side of his head where the cigarette was hidden and said thanks a second time. James took the stairs two-at-a-time. Big Mike and the other guard were walking towards him, down the corridor, as he approached the cell. James pressed himself to the railing to allow enough space for Big Mike to pass. The other guard (who was new enough not to have a nickname) shoved James. It was not hard enough to send him over the railing, but hard enough to restart his heart. 'Watch it,' Big Mike said, his breathing laboured. 'Or Terror Tom will send you flying.' James dipped his head and smiled. "Terror Tom" wouldn't catch on. Instead, the inmates would coin the name "Tiny Tom" -- which had nothing to do with his height. The new inmate was making his bed in cell fifty-four. James had earned the top bunk after his old cellmate had mysteriously died. The new inmate practically jumped out of his skin when James stepped into the cell. 'Hello,' He said with wild eyes. The man was tanned. A thin, white band snaked around his finger, which told James that he was married. The man stretched out his hand. 'Alan.' James shook his hand. It was frail, mostly bone. 'First time?' 'In prison, or shaking someone's hand?' Alan said with a nervous laugh. James held the handshake for longer than normal. He was starting to like Alan, and that was dangerous. 'What are you in for?' 'Oh,' Alan said, and his eyes darted to the ground. 'I was waiting for this to come up. My wife said that I should make something up. You know? Something that makes me seem scary but not scary in a way that makes others hate me. But, I don't think I can pull off the bank robber look or even the murderer look.' 'Oh, I don't know,' James said. 'I've seen plenty of killers that look like you.' Alan's eyes widened. 'Really?' 'No,' James laughed. 'So what are you actually in for?' 'Tax fraud.' That was the last time that James spoke to Alan. The curse wouldn't allow him to have *real* friends. --- /r/WrittenThought 