
No one thinks Death is coming for them, until the setting sun glints off his swaying scythe as he hobbles, unrelenting, towards them. Until their garden browns behind his footsteps, trees weeping their leaves and plants bowing their lament. Death now blots my window and smothers my light, like pollution suffocating the stars. He holds a pillow above my face and pities me with hollow eyes. I've been alive for centuries but lived for none of it. I'm the scent of coffee that bitters the air long after the drink is gone. I'm an old clock that has been tick-tocking on a greasy kitchen wall, that no one ever looks at, whose batteries finally failed. Tick-tock. Tick- Do you judge me for squandering myself? Then let me ask you this: if you were immortal, what would you do with your life? Don't bullshit me and say you'd be a king or queen and have great monuments enduring your honour, and that you'd either fix the world or enslave it. That you'd savour every wonder, natural or not. That you'd breathe every scent and taste every spice. That you'd run a grateful finger over every playful texture. Don't say that, because you wouldn't. You'd be right where you are now doing exactly what you're doing. You'd waste away in front of a television or computer or a phone, and you'd watch this or play that, and if ever a pang of squandered-guilt dared stab, you'd grit your teeth and think "I've eternity to clamber up the corporate ladder. To lose the weight sandbagging my hips. To scrub the dishes that swamp the kitchen. To exist." *Why bother?* Not words I uttered, but they were an internal mantra that surreptitiously turbined my decisions, that sewed my body to the sofa each day, and that glued luke-warm wine to my palms each night. A mantra that greyed life, that stopped me looking to the window to notice other colors even existed. And now I try to glance past Death as his pillow nears, to see what's lies behind his shoulder. I think of what I should have done. Seen. Marvelled at the pyramids as they were impossibly constructed. Ambled the gardens of Babylon in spring's cherry-blossom bloom. Visited the twin towers, before... And now they're dust. Tomorrow I will join them. Youth is wasted on the young. Who said that? Probably Wilde. It was always Wilde. But it's true. To be young is to be immortal, as there is always tomorrow. Until there's not. I wonder, as Death thrusts the pillow against my face, if I would have fought back when I was younger. Realisation hits, as my limbs start to thrash and my body heaves and rocks and jerks -- as I fight with my final breath -- that death makes life worth living. Tick-tock. Tick- 