
"What do you mean when they do not believe in us anymore? We created them! The last time I visited the mortal realm, they were building a marble statue of mine! What is this heresy! Now they have this silly blue statue holding a torch!", Helios frustratedly said, the first to speak since the meeting began. "From what I learned after extensive research in their magic tablet, a device they called "iPad", mankind had discovered some of our abandoned failed prototypes when we tried creating them. Human believed that they "evolve" from those failures.", Athena calmly said, even though her face still showed worry. "I will NOT let we, the divine, the worshipped, the all-powerful, be insulted like this! Apparently they now they worship a man being nailed to a cross! How absurd this is! They said he is the second coming of Jehovah! What has the silly old man done again since we left Earth?", Helios, still angry, grinded his teeth. "Do not disrespect Jehovah, he is older, and more powerful than you, Helios.", Zeus, for the first time since the start of the meeting, slowly said, his voice left no room for protest. "So, what do you suggest now?", Poseidon asked Zeus. "If mankind can be this advanced and survive without our help, let them be. However, they are directly harming our other creations. The forest Demeter herself growed in the South was burnt down. This is unacceptable!", Zeus said. "Hmm... I think I have a solution." Hades suggested after no one spoke up. "What is it, say quick, brother." "Humans seemed to be doing very well for themselves, fending of any harm nature and we have thrown at them. However, I found a weakness.", the god of death grinned maliciously. "They can beat back everything, but they cannot beat their own greed. The gifts of the Pandora Box is still heavily inside them. And now, with all their knowledge, their power, especially the craftmanship I saw that is rumored to be able to destroyed nations, we just need a slight push before they end themselves." Hades continued. "They do seem heavily dependent on the blood of your realm. They call it "oil" and "coal", or so I heard." Hermes commented. The god of messengers playing with a phone he "borrowed" from a woman in Paris, too busy with the device to say much. "True. I only need to drain it, and they will fight and kill each other. They will learn not to disrespect the gods who created them again." Hades spoke up. "Do not do it now, mankind maybe disrespectful, but they are intelligent. I want to see what they are capable of, and how much has the world changed with our absence. It is a hard to find chance. This two thousand years has been boring." Zeus said. "You mean you want to go flirt with the women of this era. Do you really want to anger Hera again? Last time she threw a dagger at your face during our feast. I heard the Cyclops made it so it can poison and kill gods with a slow and painful death." Poseidon noted. "Fine fine, whatever you say Poseidon. Meeting adjourned. I want to visit Earth. All the gods are allowed as well, however, do not cause a commotion. Be discreet, time has changed, and sadly, we are not as welcome as we were." End Note: My first time posting here after lurking for sometime. Disclaimer: I have no preference or biased to ANY religion, if anything offend you, know that it is completely unintentional. 