
The judge slammed his gavel on the wooden block and silence fell like a blanket over the court. The Dazzler sat perfectly still in her seat, her face - usually stretched wide by a warm smile - was now blank. Expressionless. "The jury find the defendant guilty on all charges." Her head fell into her hands and her body shook as she wept. The man next to her placed an arm around her shoulders. I heard him murmur soft reassurances, but I was too far back to make out the exact words of the impotent promises. "I am sad," continued the judge, "to find that your gift was not spent stopping crime, but instead from preventing it *being* stopped - and from preventing the city itself from tackling its problems at the roots. All your acts were done solely to further your career and profile. You are an egotist, in the worst and most dangerous fashion. In your *all-for-show* heroics, Miss Jones, many innocent people died. Collateral damage to you, perhaps - but loved ones to others. Bricks falling on heads, and trains coming to sudden, horrific halts. *Heart attacks* from your ludicrous speeds when flying with people in your arms - and who could forget Mr Kennedy? It is with deep regret - *regret at the potential you wasted* - that I sentence you to the most severe punishment this court, or any other, can. To death." A wave of shock ran through the people in the court; gasps and cries and shocked nothings. A little girl near the front was in tears; her mommy picked her up and rubbed her back. "There, there. It'll be okay, honey," she cooed. But it wouldn't be 'okay'. The Dazzler wouldn't protest the decision. She wouldn't even fight for her life. Pathetic. I knew she'd give in, because she respected the law. Believed in justice - her world was built on unshakeable foundations. She'd allow herself to die for childish dreams and impossible ideals. She'd allow the city to twist the knife deep into her back. It had been so easy to pay off the criminals of the city for a few short weeks. Their sprees could continue soon, and there would be no Dazzler to stop them. The hope of the city, when they realised what they had done to their hero, would be snuffed out like a candle - the rising smoke lingering forever in the skies above them. A smog that would slowly suffocate them. I excused myself from the courtroom, holding the grin from my face until I was safely behind the wooden doors. --- I asked one of my favourite writers if she'd like to write a part 2, and she very kindly agreed - so please check out Lilwa's reply below :) More of my stories on /r/nickofnight 