
Most days, I am chained high above the fat King's throne, rocking gently just above him. A blanket is tied around me to make my appearance more... acceptable. My pale, vascular skin is off putting to Frederick whilst he is eating - which is almost always. He'd rather I am neither seen nor heard. My tongue, nails and teeth were removed soon after my first disastrous attempt to escape. I hear King Frederick somewhere below me. I hear his huge jaw chewing meats loudly, and I hear excess food spill out of his maw and onto the marble floor beneath him. Eventually he finishes his feast, and soon after, I hear him snoring loudly. He is still young. How long will I be left to endure this pain? This... *humiliation*. --- I had a human mate, once. I loved her more dearly than I have loved anything before or since. Her eyes were the color of starlight, and when she spoke, her voice wrapped around me like the softest blanket. I was entranced by her. We lived together through the reign of a dozen Kings and Queens, content in each others company. Happy just to be. Love kept us both alive, but my Clara did not age like I did. "I am old," Clara said, the day she died. "My skin can no longer crease, for it has folded all it can. My hair has long since left, and I hear only when you slowly shout. I struggle each morning just to stay awake till noon, and I am in such pain that I cry even as I sleep. I have suffered it this long, only for you, my love." "Clara, please..." was all I could manage in a whispered, wasted response. "I am not like you. My skin is neither soft nor pale, and my heart no longer beats so strong. I love you, Felipe, but I am ready to go. You have given me many great joys. Give me now one last gift , I beg of you: grant me *death*." "Clara," I had replied, as a tear trickled down my cheek and splashed onto the wooden floor. I pulled her wrinkled hand up to my mouth, and I kissed it gently, before walking the twenty long steps out of our home, and down a small pebbled path. I knew by the time I reached the end, Clara was dead. When I was young, I was told never to fall in love with a mortal. It had taken me until that moment to understand why. I never returned to that house. I never fell in love again. Instead, I wandered the world and lived in isolation, until the day I heard the distant cries for help. A King was dying. Perhaps he was a great king, I reasoned. A king that did much for his people. I had to help. I was a fool. --- They have all left the throne room, and below me the King is in a deep sleep. "Grandpa?" says a small child somewhere below. I recognise the voice of the young prince - he must have snuck in without the guards noticing. The King continues snoring. "Grandpa, will you play? Please! I have no one else to practice my sword play with." The voice is near now. He is by the King! He has passed the crossing line. I summon all my strength, and begin to rock back and forth above the obese creature below. Back and forth, as my chains sing a song of rust. I am closer to the child than I am the King - and for a wondrous second I hear the sound of choking emanating from Frederick! The next second, the chains' momentum have pulled me back - I am again nearer to the King than the prince. "Grandpa!" yells the concerned prince. "Get back!" the King yells hoarsely at his grandson. "BACK!" "I'm- I'm sorry grandpa," says the tearful child, and I hear the tapping of tiny footfall as he runs towards a door. The King rips the blanket off of me, and for a moment, the light blinds me. Slowly, I begin to make out that fat, grinning face that has become so familiar. "Almost," he says. He looks almost purple and sweat is profusely dripping off of him. "Almost got me this time, Felipe." He laughs and throws the blanket back over me. I will make him pay for what he has done. I will kill him. One day. --- Thanks for reading! More of my stories on /r/nickofnight , plus a free mug for new subs c[_]* *not a real mug 