
This would be so much more convenient if I awoke near the one who was thinking of me. When I first awoke, I didn't even bother trying to find who was thinking of me because all my previous hauntings had only lasted a few minutes. I just enjoyed being awake. After the first hour, however, my first thought was to find my loved ones. I didn't even know how much time had passed. I went back to our home, but a new family inhabited it. That was no surprise. I think my kid sold it before I died, but that time was all so hazy. I tried the home of my son and his adorable wife and children, but a new family lived there. They had only been renting that house, I knew, but I thought I'd give it a try. I remembered the nice orderly at the hospice center who spoke to me with a grownup's voice instead of talking to me like a child. I liked that young man. The hospice center still smelled the same. Was he there? Was he the reason I was awake? He wasn't there, however. I never thought the torture of being a ghost would be that I can't do a simple Google search to find someone. Wouldn't you think that I would be drawn to those who were thinking of me, pulled to them by an invisible string? After a month of being awake, I remembered that I could travel anywhere. I had never been able to see the Pyramids of Giza or the Colosseum. I had lived my entire life on one continent, but now I could see it all. Fearless of danger, I saw, smelled, tasted and heard all the famous sites that I had missed when I had a body. I sampled cannolis in Italy, watched sunsets in Thailand and swam with dolphins in the vastness of the ocean, without fear of drowning. Now, I have been awake for sixteen months. Still not enough time to enjoy all that the earth has to offer, but a taste of the world I never had as a human. I have searched my hometown for my progeny to no avail. I feel lost and unconnected, but at the same time, connected to this world as I have never felt as a living being. I could follow any human, watching them as they rested or played on their phones. And then I found it. I found the reason why I was awake. A young teenager who I had been haunting came across a video. I watched her play the video and settle in like a child with a cuddly blanket. The video was titled, "Grandma Tells A Story." It was me, at my most hideous. Old, blind and senile, I was babbling about the time my brother pushed me into the creek and I punched him in the face so hard that I broke his tooth. I pointed at the picture in the photo album and you could see the devilish grin in my eyes as I recounted that day. I watched her repost the video with the comment, "Forever Repost." 