
Arganax flicked his antenna in irritation as he glanced around the conference room. The air was heavy as each multifaceted eyes twitched away from his stare. "So," he clicked. "The decision to retreat was universal." A brief buzzing filled the room as the augmented battle armor they all wore activated under the twitching of vestigial wing muscles. Arganax growled, a low rumbling sound that echoed through the silent room. "Sir... High Warmaster..." began Taraks one of the younger generals. "You have to understand, we tried. Disabled there satilites, even bombed a few cities but... The men sir... it was taking its toll." Arganax regarded him silently. "Troops were vomiting in their formations. Most of our medical service personnel broke rank immediately to say nothing of the reactions of the Queens." "Do you know who we are?" "Sir?" "We are the second most feared race in the known galaxy, we have defeated more than four hundred worlds, turning them into brood-chambers for the next generation of our people. We defeated the Sarax, the night children and the upstart gods. I was told this was a level 2 technology world, barely above nuclear capability. WHAT WENT WRONG!" Taraks shivered before him, "they look like larve sir. More appealing even, like those little soft bodied cartoons we used to watch when we were young." Chattering and warm looks of agreement went amongst the generals. "One of their countries leaders even looked like TurraTurra." Artarak looked on astonished. "Seriously sir you have no idea. They are all like funny little infants. And once you think you're ready for how appealing they look, you see something better. You haven't lived until you've seen something that looks like your child blown up into a pudgy ball, or clutching and playing with a living moss tuft; you know, like we all did back in the hives." "Indeed," interrupted Neelza, usually famed for his use of bioweapons. "They even have miniature larva of their own, like ours, but even smaller. It's truly... Truly beautiful sir." "Yes sir. They must be protected." Another of the generals chimed in. "I agree. We all do. That's why we returned to the fleet sir. To convince you." Artarak was dumbfounded... and strange for himself, curious. Just what must creatures that adorable be like. He'd yet to review any of the data that had been brought over to his ships, wishing to interrogate his failed generals first. He tapped a claw on the table. "This species," he finally said. "Where is it located?" ----- My first try at one of these. Hope you enjoy. 