
BREAKING NEWS The screen transitions to the newsroom. A tanned Chinese news anchor, wearing heavy makeup and a nice dress, is seated at the table. In the background, a man can be heard saying "Holy shit, it's happening! People are watching TV!" The news anchor ignores that. Looking dead into the camera, she seemed bewildered under her composed face. "Good morning Singapore. I am Janice Tan," she speaks with an exaggerated British accent. Like a hoity-toity peanut. "Earlier today, Mrs. Tok Kok Sin Song, the world's oldest living person, was celebrating her 125th-birthday in her home in Hougang. The celebration was aired live on television, only for a strange transformation to take place, followed by tragedy. "We have a reporter live at the scene. Di Soon, what can you tell us?" -- The camera cuts to the scene. A young Malay man's back is against the camera, watching at the debris falling from above. He dressed in a white polo shirt and beige pants. Injured people are sitting around, tended to by paramedics. The lower-third appears, reading "Faku Mutha; intern." He realises that he has gone live, quickly turning around. "Thank you Janice," Faku steals a look at the chaos behind him. "Apologies, Di Soon is unable to present today's news. I'll be taking over for him." The camera pans down to Faku's left, showing a filled body bag. The lower-third appears, "Di Ing Soon; Ex-reporter." "Uh hey," camera pans back to Faku. He clears his throat, "Mrs Song was celebrating her 125th birthday with her family. At 8:19 PM, she suddenly thrashed around in pain. Witnesses say that they saw Mrs. Song's skin stretched in scales, and that wings shot out of her back. Unfortunately, our main cameras were destroyed in the ensuing chaos-" A pot falls onto a passing cat. Faku is startled by the disturbing screech, but his attention turns to a pair of paramedics. They are moving a man on a stretcher. Faku motions to the camera, and they swiftly move to them. The injured man had a bloodied cloth on his head and a burn on his hand. "Excuse me sir, can you tell us what happened inside?" The man looked traumatised, and for a moment he seemed hesitant to talk. "We were celebrating my grandma's birthday," he said, "then, the clock turned 20-19, she suddenly turned into something, like she jumped out of her own skin! Like a dragon!" Suddenly, he turns lucid, having a revelation. "Wait, it's 2019, and it happened at 20:19. She turned into a dragon... TOTO!" He hops out of the stretchers and quickly waddles away on his knees stumps. The paramedics chase after him, leaving Faku stumped. "Dragon?" Faku turns around, and sees the stairs are blocked off by yellow tape. The few responding officers were occupied with the wounded, so Faku and the cameraman quickly run up the stairs. "Back to you Janniiice!" -- After the transition, Janice is back. "Thank you, Fuck You," she obliviously starts, "In the meantime, social media has been heated up over theories about the incident. Pictures and videos are now being released on the internet, showing a large red creature creating chaos at Mrs. Song's birthday party. "The most viewed article is a short clip by a relative of Mrs. Song's, posted onto her Instagram page." The news channel shows the video. Mrs. Song falls out of her wheelchair and onto her knees. Her entire body spasms violently like a tantrum-throwing child, before going still. Her face opens up, wings exit her back, and the body is torn apart. Something sinister emerges out of the elderly woman's body. A large red lizard, with a body longer than a Mercedes and its nose blowing steam like a train. Everyone is stays silently, scared and frozen in place. [...?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W_FRPoJIrlI) "ACHOO" The video ends with the fart going up in flames. Janice pulls a frown. "Okay, we just got an update on the ground. Fuck You, what's happening up there?" -- "My name is pronounce Fak- uh, never mind." Faku is sitting at on a chair, with the charred furniture arranged like an interview room. The apartment is covered in cinders, broken bits of concrete and broken equipment. Across him, a giant red dragon sits on a couch that is too small, pouring him some tea. "AH BOY," she says with a bellowing voice, struggling with the bridge language, "NAH, TEA. GOOD FOR HEART." She passes Faku the tea, who receives the water heater carefully. The dragon then puts a plate of red eggs on the heater. Then a plate of fried mee. Then a side of sliced duck. Then a tin of love letters. Then a box of pineapple tarts. She moved with the speed and balance of a young person. "CHI AH. ALL HALAL. YOU GROW BIG." She pats Faku's head. Faku attempts to put them down, she glares at him with burning red eyes. He stops and awkwardly pulls notes from under the water heater. Faku reads his notes, translating everything into Mandarin. "So... Mrs. Song, earlier today, you were the oldest woman on Earth. What happened?" "DUNNO," she continues speaking in broken English/Mandarin, "JIN TIAN, I AM YI BAI ER SHI WU SHUI, SUDDENLY BECOME LONG." "Do you think there are anymore humans who might be dragons on the inside?" "DUNNO." Faku is left stumped for further questions. He looks to the cameraman, then gives up completely. "That's, uh, all we have, I guess. This is Faku, reporting for the- what is that smell-" "ACHOO" 