
"...How the hell did you even get in here?" The lich said, utterly dumbfounded. The inspector completely ignored what he said. "So first order of business is the fact that you have not one but TWO false entrances to your lair, with nothing indicating that anyone who steps on them that they have horrific death traps in both of them. One of them was specifically modified so the instant anyone opens the door it'll trigger a cave-in designed to kill an entire party without warning. What is even worse about this first door is the fact that you have intentionally allowed cobwebs to cover the ceiling to prevent adventurers from noticing the precarious state of the ceiling. All of it extremely deliberate." "How do you *know* about that?" "SE. COND. LY." The inspector loudly spoke over the lich's response. "Is the other false entrance." He flipped through his long series of angry, hastily-written notes. "This one causes a wall to move and strand them on the spot as they approach the false entrance. Not only that, if they somehow realize what is going on and attempt to flee, there is a chance they are actually crushed by the moving wall, not only preying upon fools who do not realize what is happening but crushing those who are just smart enough to try to escape! Extremely poor form." The lich growled in frustration and covered his face with his ghastly, decomposing hands. With any luck that is all the inspector would bother him with and he would soon leave him alone. "Third! The *actual* entrance corridor!" Flip flip flip. "I counted not one, not two, but ***SIX*** pit traps!" He gives an exaggerated, exhausted sigh. "SIX! In your main corridor! The most traversed region of your lair! All of them cleverly hidden and designed to open as soon as any humanoid steps on them, including small races such as halflings." More flipping. "In fact, virtually all of your pit traps follow this example! They all are roughly two meters deep and fitted with spike traps designed to strike those who fall. Not only it is bad enough that it can kill the average human on their own, you laced all the spears with instant-death poison!" The inspector took a moment to take a deep breath and recompose. "Thankfully, as a tiny measure of grace, the spikes aren't particularly well-designed. There is a *chance* someone falling for the trap won't be wounded by the spikes after all." The lich let his head hit the wall of his lair. "Can you... can you get this over with? You never know when adventurers are stupid enough to brave my tomb." "They are not the foolish ones, *you* and your brazen disrespect for well-being of others is the one on trial here, sir!" The inspector *harrumphed* as he continued to search his notes. "But I guess we can move on to the worse of the worst offenders." He glared at the lich. "Particularly the great green devil mosaic!" He says, revealing his notes to the lich in a dramatic fashion. "What? How *dare* you criticize that! It is my favorite piece!" "*A sphere of annihilation in its mouth*! At *least* you are carefully warning those against touching it by absolutely *infesting* it with evil malevolence, so someone using Detect Evil will *at least* be somewhat warned of the danger." He paused to look around the remainder of the crypt. "Then again there is so much evil and malevolence everywhere I wouldn't be surprised if casting it gave the caster a migraine *at best*." Acererak covered his face. He would have sighed if he weren't past the need to breathe. He gave a wistful look at his skull, wondering if he could somehow trick the human into touching it. Then again, if he made it alive past all of the remaining traps of his Tomb of Horrors to reach his crypt then he probably wouldn't fall for his favorite trick. "Next up is, and I quote, 'The Forsaken Prison'. Charming. Absolutely charming name..." 