
A weight landed on my chest and I woke with a grunt, sitting up so fast the heavy Persian cat that had jumped on me bolted away. I do not have a cat. Blinking and trying to focus in the dim light I see the wall opposite my bed is obscured by stacked cases of Pepsi that reached from floor to ceiling. "What the hell?" I whisper. The genie appears next to me, glaring. He is semi-transparent and looks like a hipster from Williamsburg from the waist up, his lower half trailing into a tail as he floats above my bed. He explained last night he likes to keep up with fashion and there wasn't much else to do inside a lamp waiting to be rubbed. "You didn't tell me you talk in your sleep," he said. His voice is ethereal, sounding as if it's coming from all around me rather than one source. It makes his irritation hit harder. "I didn't think it was relevant?" I said, confused. I did talk in my sleep sometimes, I had ever since I was a child. My sister complained about it so much she convinced my parents to let her turn our attic into a separate bedroom to get away from it. Later she had admitted the sleep talking was not that bad but provided a handy excuse to get out of sharing a bedroom. The genie sighed. As my sleeping brain reached full wakefulness and I evaluated the mountain of soda before me I began to understand why it was relevant. My eyes bulged and I turned back to the genie and said "oh no." "You bet, 'oh no'! You're down to one wish," he said, gesturing around my apartment. "Oh my god," I said, bringing my hands to my face. My dreams were coming back to me in patches. I had been riding a camel through a desert waving a sword. Then, I was in a castle fighting assassins. After that, things got weirder because I brought one of the assassins back to my mother's house for a time out but she was having a barbeque so I had to introduce him to all my mother's friends as my boyfriend to keep an eye on him. And there was a pool filled with marshmallows. I looked back to the genie, "OH GOD," I said. "Yeah," he replied. "It's a bit small minded of you to think all genies come from the Arabian Nights," he said. "That's the only context I have, and I was unconscious! Blame Walt Disney, not me," I huffed as I extricated myself from my blankets. I rushed out of my bedroom to see not one, but five big Persian cats. He had floated out after me and I turned back to him, "I wished for five cats?" "Not exactly. You wished for the mightiest beasts of Persia as reward for saving the kingdom from assassins. This was my interpretation." I sighed in relief, I could have woken up to an apartment full of cobras or tigers. "And I guess the pepsi came from the barbeque part," I said, hand on my forehead as I tried to figure out what I was going to do with all these cats in a building that did not allow pets. "Yes, you wished you could have Pepsi all the time," he said. I cringed. I didn't even like Pepsi. "That's two, what were the other two?" I said, nervous. The genie turned towards the window. I rushed over and as what I saw took shape in my mind I slid down to my knees in disbelief. The Upper West Side of Manhattan still sprawled below my second floor window, but now it was covered in sand and palm trees. Stalls as if from a bazaar were spread out where bodegas used to be, and camels were tied up to posts and trees. The sun was getting bright already and I could feel the desert heat radiating up from the sand. In February. One of the cats came over to rub against me and purred as I stared at the scene. I scratched its ears and turned around, sitting on the floor with my back to the wall underneath the sill, and looked back at the genie. "One left, huh?" I said. I knew it was bad but I wanted to laugh, hard. "That's right," he replied. "I think I'm going to save it til later," I said, picking up the cat and putting it on my lap. "What?" the genie said, shocked. "I mean, sure this is bad, but I've never had the chance to ride a camel before," I said. 