
Casino lights flashed as tourists and prostitutes walked down the trash laden streets of Las Vegas. Inside the bars and pubs, friends and lovers shared drinks as the countdown to 2018 drew closer and closer. All was as it should've been in the land of milk and honey. A new bulletin flashed over the bottom of the TV screens that aired the countdown: DO NOT BE ALARMED. REPORTS OF DEAD RISING FROM GRAVES ARE COMING IN FROM SAN DIEGO. IF NEARBY PLEASE TAKE THIS REPORT SERIOUSLY. STAY INDOORS AND AWAY FROM WINDOWS. "Ain't that a load of shit," said a man wearing a suit over in a corner booth. "Zombies... what's next? Alie-" A loud boom interrupted the man. The ground shook as bar glasses shattered and the ground seemed to split apart. All the patrons ran outside to see a large silver craft hovering above the city. Disc shaped, and chrome plated, the spinning object shot green beam after green beam down to the city. People in the streets panicked as terror rained down from the skies. Mothers and sons tried to cower away in fear, but large tripod shaped invaders came down from the craft, annihilating everything in sight. Bodies were rendered to dust in a moments flash. As the man in the suit ran down a dark corridor, he could see a glimmer of hope out of the corner of his eye. A olive drab green humvee with a young man on top with a machine gun. "It's the fucking goddamn Army! Hey! Hey! Over here!" The vehicle came closer and he saw an unfamiliar marking on the side. Instead of the usual Stars and Stripes, he was met with the glare of an eye that pierced his soul. "Who... are you?" The man was gunned down where he stood by the young soldier with the machine gun. "Sarge, this is Tango Bravo Alpha 4496, we are approaching the heart of the city. The Senator should be in our grasp soon." "Good," replied the voice on the radio, "We are laying siege to D.C. right now. New York is already ours." "Confirmed. Men, roll-" KABOOM The small squad was instantly vaporized by a flashing light. The soldier was flung into the air and into a pile of garbage. "What was that? The damn U.F.O?" He looked over to see a large metal man standing over 20 feet tall leading down at him. The exterior was a dull iron color, with a flag of red adorning the left arm of the machine. The flag of the Nazi party. "Nazis... I hate Nazis," he said as he pulled out his side arm. Each shot did little to stop the blast that vaporized the soldier. As the robot flew in the air, it was smacked into by a speeding saucer, creating a mid air explosion the rained down debris onto the streets below. Little people were left to be affected, as the militaristic forced held up in a casino to fend themselves off the zombie hordes which had now began to room the streets. Saucers flew around with spotlights, blasting anything in sight, while any machine that was active reported the location of any living organic being to the mother computer on the dark side of the moon. Battles such as this one raged all over the world, as the zombie plague, Nazi robot armies, Illuminati forces, and alien invaders all clashed in the streets of a once peaceful earth. Little to the knowledge of the countless brainless zombies, robot Hitler, Lord Supreme Commander Ceaser, and Ctharthitlu, deep in another realm, Satan prepared to join the fray. 2018 surely looked like it would be an adventurous year for anyone left alive. Edit: To anyone who enjoys this, [here's](https://www.reddit.com/r/CoffeesWritingCafe/) my writing subreddit. Check it out to see more stories by me. Thanks! 