
Wishes are not as glamorous as they seem. To be honest, most wishes end up turning bad for the person who made them in the first place. No matter, my business has been successful - The business of now being a sort of *Wish Lawyer.* I know it is not the most creative title, but it gets the message across, and it is far better than the title I used to go by. It is a miracle that I arrived in time. The moment I stormed through the door, I found young Lily Windogul staring up in awe toward a Genie. The Genie greeted her with open arms floating over the dining room table. He was trailed by a tail of purple smoke leading down onto a bronze jar from where he had awoke. "Oh my! Oh my! It's my lucky day!" She jumped in excitement. "No it's not." I slammed my briefcase onto the table. "Who are you?" Lily quickly turned her attention onto me. "Yea!" The Genie crossed his arms, "Who are you?!" "My name is Edward and I'm here to stop that thing from doing any harm to you." The Genie floated closer to me, scrunching his brow in anger. I did not care if he was inconvenienced by my arrival. I wanted to prove to Lily that she could trust me. It didn't matter if it were a crossroads demon, a fairy, or even a dragon at this point - I wanted to show her how she was about to be swindled by this Genie creature. "*Harm?* It's a genie!" Lily's eyes lit up. "They're supposed to be a good!" "Yea, I'm the good guy!" The Genie nodded. "No *you* aren't!" I pointed back. "You guys never are!" I swear, it's like Lily never read about these things. "Look, that genie came out of the jar that I own! That means he's my genie and I deserve a wish!" Lily had let her excitement cloud her judgement. That jar had sat on the shelf for so long. The one day she knocked it down by accident, I knew it was time for me to act. I have seen that look before. It is the same look everyone gets when they find themselves in possession of a wish. I don't know why, but most people always jump to the first thing that comes to mind. "I want to be immortal! I want to live forever!" Lily shouted. "You have to say the *magic* words. You have to say it a certain way - the right words in order!" The Genie hovered over her. He placed his hands atop her shoulders. "Yea, a *certain* way. Lily, do not wish for that." "Why not?" She grew as impatient as the Genie. I snapped my fingers. In an instant, a scroll of parchment paper flew from the Genie's red sash around his waist. I put my reading glasses on in order to point Lily's attention to the text covering the Genie's record. "You see that there?" "Where?" Lily pressed her nose against the paper. She struggled reading the small print. "Right there!" I punched my forefinger down onto a particular sentence. "Wait! How did you do that?" The Genie tried pulling the scroll back, but there was too much paper circling around us. "You see? This is why you need me - a *wish lawyer*" I assured Lily. The Genie wanted to grant her wish more than anything. All Genies try hard to persuade immortality, it being the big sale. When one gets handed to them on a silver platter, they do everything to rush the process along - and quickly. Only problem is, no wish can ever be granted unless one says,'I wish," before their demand. This Genie here had planned to make her immortal by letting her take his place within the jar. Yes, that's correct. He was going to turn her into a Genie, allowing him to go free. These things are always the same no matter where the case is. "Oh my god! You were going to trap me in that thing forever?!" Lily glared her eyes onto the Genie. "I wasn't going to trap you in my jar! I swear!" The Genie tried everything to persuade her. Lily stepped backward beside me. "How did you know?" Lily asked me. She grabbed hold of my hand after the Genie grew frustrated. "I *always* know." I replied. "I wish we could get rid of him!" she shook her head nervously. I snapped my fingers and the Genie was gone - along with the jar that housed him. Lily threw herself beside the table making sure he had truly gone. "How - How did you do that?" "It's my job." I smiled. I watched her open up the pantry door, scanning every nook and cranny to feel safe. The truth is, she still had two more wishes left. That's right, it was I who granted her first wish. Her trust in me has gone accordingly to plan. I need to play the part if I am ever going to get out of this place once and for all. &nbsp; To read more of my stories, visit [13thOlympian](https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian) 