
Kevin was fifteen years old and had an unusual ability for a young man. His skin could not be scratched or scorched. His body could not be shot or shanked, or even shocked. He could neither be bruised nor beaten nor blown apart, not strangled or severed or chopped. Kevin was *indestructible.* This unusual quality did not go unnoticed the day the plane he was onboard, along with his mom and dad and little sister Julie, plummeted out of the sky due to engine failure. He was found standing inside the peeled open wreckage, as if God had taken a can opener to the hulking steel hull, holding his sister's burned limp body in his arms, as flames licked his blackened clothes. The authorities who arrived first on the scene called him a demon. Who else could stand in the flames of hell holding a little girl's body without (as journalists' photos proved in ultra high definition) shedding a single tear? Of course, Kevin wasn't a demon. Not phlegmatic or stoic as others would label him, in an attempt at mild generosity. No, the tears simply dried as soon as they left his eyes. He'd wept that day more than every other combined. The military who 'adopted' Kevin -- their word, not mine -- had never seen anyone like Kevin and he perplexed them. Their scientists couldn't work out how skin could be weaved in such a manner where it simply couldn't be *unweaved*. Not diamond. It made diamond look like soggy paper. Was he born or created? His hospital records made out he was a regular baby. Impossible! It doesn't matter how he became what he is, said colonel Richards, slamming his first onto the desk and making his coffee jump with fright. He'd had enough of these pen-pushers  and pocket calculators cautiously testing this great weapon they had in their midst. At least, of testing him in a lab. The boy needed *field* testing! If the scientists were too chicken-shit to fire a rocket straight at his face, well, he knew some people who would be only too glad to help. He knew a place where they needed a man like that. To defuse a mine field. To provide protection from gun fire. A human shield? asked the Secretary of State. He'd didn't like this. Didn't have the stomach for sending a fifteen year old boy who had just lost his family into a warzone. Initially, yes, said the colonel. Initially? If he lives, I have other plans for him. The Secretary swallowed. The colonel showed his gleaming teeth. A suicide bomber without the suicide. Now that's irony for them! He laughed. Rocked in his seat. No, said the Secretary. No, we can't do this. Yes, said the colonel. And not just bombs strapped to him. He'd fly planes into them, loaded with explosives. He'd walk away and do it all over again. And again. And again. And if he's captured? He might be indestructible but -- If he was ever captured, they'd nuke the area he was taken to. Flatten it out. Kill the Earth. Only Kevin would be standing. Waiting to be rescued. But first thing's first. Field training. What if he turns on us? The colonel's bulldog eyes brimmed with the confidence of a man who is never wrong. Or at least never believe he is wrong. He will do what we say, said the colonel, if he believes his enemy blew up the plane his family died in. 