
We really just didn't have anyone to name. My sister was long gone, my husband was an only child, and none of our friends really went to church anymore. Jerry was just being a smartass when he named Loki, God of Mischief, the godfather. The pastor didn't get the joke, and... well that was that. The first time I remember it was a toy snake in the crib. Helena was grasping it and waving it around, just cackling. She cried when I took it away, and when we reviewed the baby cams it just seemed to appear. The next time she was about 5. She was playing outside when, through the window, I saw Mrs. Voelz stride across our lawn with a giant bag of something. I stepped outside to say hello but was completely ignored by her. Her eyes had an unnatural, cloudy glaze over them. She gave Helena the bag and retreated back to her house. I found the bag brimming with candy, and when I confronted Mrs. Voelz about it she had no idea what I was talking about. Apparently she had gone to the store, purchased about $50 worth of candy, and given it to my daughter without remembering any of it. Her husband insisted she go see a doctor, but in my heart I knew she hadn't been ill. After that, strange things always seemed to happen. My car keys would appear on the table only *after* it was too late to drive Helena to piano lessons. A thermometer at school would say she had a high fever on the day of a test, but she was cool to the touch. When she got the lead in the high school play, it was suddenly decided that the football team was given far too much funding and that it should be reallocated to the theater program. That's when I knew I wasn't crazy. We were folding laundry together that Sunday, just the two of us, when I decided it was time. "Lena, I was thinking about it, and I'd like to invite your godfather over for dinner Friday night." Helena's hands froze. "My godfather?" "Yes. I think it's time that we all sat down and talked. Would you pass along the invite?" I asked cooly. "Mom, I really don't think that's a good idea," she replied. I was amazed and overwhelmed. She wasn't trying to deny it. "Well I do. We really need to have better communication with him, and it needs to start now." "But Mom...." "No 'buts'," I said firmly. "You are going to pass along the invite, and we are going to have a nice, family dinner. Finish up the laundry. It looks like I need to go shopping." I got up and grabbed my purse and keys. She hadn't denied it. She knew what I was talking about. She didn't say he wasn't real. My heart was pounding as I headed towards the door. My hand was on the door knob when the mail slot opened, and a letter swooped to the floor. But... it was Sunday? I yanked open the door, but there was no one in sight. My racing heart stopped, and I looked at the letter on the floor. In big, green ink was elegantly scrawled: *See you Friday* Edit: People seem to be really interested in this and are asking for a part 2. Someone even gave me gold, so now I feel like I owe you guys. You'll find part 2 below somewhere. Thanks for all the feedback :) 