
The card hissed softly as it was drawn from a neat stack of similarly blue-backed cards on the large wooden table, its surface battered and worn from hundreds of years of use. Though her figure was mostly hidden by the Head of Neighbourhood triptych sheet, three pairs of eyes rested eagerly on Calen as she turned the card in her hand and lifted it up, smiling wryly at its contents. "Cut the theatrics and read, elf," grumbled Brond, a large and hairy man. His feet rested atop an empty chair, smaller than his own and wobbling as he shifted his weight against its seat. "He's working late," she said. "Again?" He replied, seemingly exhausted by the card's message. Large head toppling rearward to rest against the uppermost plank of the chair back, hair spilling over the wood, Brond shut his eyes. Calen's smirk sustained. Though different in their distinct features, Azezus the Blight and Crog wore matching expressions, lips pulled tight and curved, showing teeth as they grinned with amusement. The game sat on the table, two tidy piles of cards and character sheets scattered. Everything behind Calen's trifold was a mystery. "Again," she repeated. Brond ran meaty fingers along his wrinkled forehead, massaging between the furrowed brows as he thought. After a sigh, he said, "This is the third time this week." "And the young secretary card is in play," chimed Azezus. "Damn the gods," Brond cursed. "I go to his work." "What a fool," said Azezus. Brond frowned, eyes narrowing in the necromancer's direction. "Excuse me? At least I *have* a husband." "Mine's dead--" "Does it make you feel impotent to know you can't even bring him back?" Crog laughed. "Please, you can't fathom the pressure of being a single mother of three little heathens," Azezus accused. "They eat so much and the bills are piling up. Do you know how much debt Jason left me with? I thought we were doing well until he died." His sharp slender finger drifted down his character sheet, head wagging agitatedly from side to side. "If only you could bring him back and shake his bones for a couple more bucks maybe your kids wouldn't have to go to community college," Crog continued to taunt. "You're in couples counseling, your son is a prescription medication addict," Brond countered. Calen watched them, peering over the edge of her text-rich sheet. The smile that had formed upon reading the drawn card had yet to diminish and had grown only tighter from fatigue. Their arguing began to overlap. Voices raised until the volume was such that even Calen herself was finding it difficult to decipher the nature of the various delivered insults so, raising a hand in the air and not saying a word, she tossed two dice onto the table. The clatter, though quiet, hushed the playful fighting. "You go to his work, drowsy from imbibing several glasses of rose," Calen said, "But he isn't there." "Damn it," Brond muttered. His fist landed heavily against the table. "I thought better of him." Fingers clenched and nostrils flared, he grunted, "It's snack time, I'm famished. Send me to the bar, I'll wallow in the realisation that I married a dirty cheater." "You have a teenager and a toddler at home!" Corg interjected. "And you have your raging Orc of a mother-in-law, Margaret coming over in the morning but you've spent no time straightening your home," Brond scoffed, "Mind your own problems." Sliding his character sheet toward the centre of the table with a resentful sneer, Brond's large boots thudded against the floor. In a single graceless motion, palms leaning into the table top, he stood up and walked toward the pantry. ------------------------ [Part Two](https://www.reddit.com/r/EdgarAllanHobo/comments/7pi55k/suburbs_and_suvs_part_two/) Stay tuned for more. 