
My dad is a Vietnam vet, and never talked about it much. I know from my mom he has pretty severe ptsd. I felt guilty for wanting to know, but I couldn't help it. The number kinda surprised me, 12. It was more than I expected, and I instantly had half a dozen more questions I wanted answers to. But I couldn't bring myself to dig any farther. It already felt a little too intrusive. It was then that I had another strange thought, what about the rest of my family? The following morning, I decided to pry. "Morning, mom." I said "Morning sweetheart." My mother responded. She was browsing Facebook on her iPad, as usual. "Have any plans today?" "Nah. I was gonna go to the movies with Jeff, but he decided he just wanted to go with Jessica." "Well I'm sorry to hear that. What movie were you going to see? If it's not something scary we could go." I giggled, "It was actually something scary." "Well are there any other movies you wanted to see? You know what, I'm gonna check and..." I started the search before she could finish her sentence. I was kinda nervous, what if... what if my mom had killed somebody? I mean she was a nurse, would something like negligence count? Zero. Phew. My mother is still a saint. "Honey? Am I talking to a wall here?" Oh shit I zoned out for too long. "Sorry, what?" "I said have you seen this movie." She moved the iPad a little closer to my face. "Oh, uh, yeah. I saw it last weekend with a bunch of people from youth group." She sighed, "One of these days I'd like to go see a movie as a family." We talked for a little longer before I wandered back to my room to play games with my friends online. That evening, we decided to go out for dinner. My younger sister Trisha brought her friend Rashida. We ate, the girls gossiped and looked at their phones the whole time, and then I remembered the question. I looked across the table at my younger sister and decided to search. I mean I'd already searched the rest of my family, it would be rude not to include her. Zero. Obviously. She's fifteen, she's weird but not that kind of weird. Her and Rashida are certainly different, but they're just asocial types. I took another sip of coke, and as I looked up again I nearly choked. "Are you okay sweetie?" My mom quickly responded. "I'm fine." I managed to cough out, my eyes watering, but still glued to the search bar over my sisters head. That 1 wasn't there before. My eyes scanned back and forth. I wiped the tears away and quickly looked back up, still coughing. "Can you cover your mouth when you cough? F-F-S." Trisha said angrily. "Sorry." I said while still looking at the number above her head. Ten. *Ten*?! Holy shit what the fuck. I had to know more. This had to be some kind of mistake. Okay, what about number of people murdered. Search. Oh please, oh god no. Still ten. "Hey mouth breather, can I help you with something?" Trisha was scowling at me, Rashida too. "Sorry I..." I couldn't think of anything to say. "Zoned out, even while you're about to choke to death." Trisha quipped. Rashida smirked, blew air out of her nose, and rolled her eyes. I didn't even have time to be mad. My sister is a goddamn serial killer. Maybe she's killing bad people? Maybe it was all at once? Wait, did my parents know? Or... what if she could search like I could? Maybe she'd done what I'd only dreamed about doing. Finding evil people, and murdering them. Can my sister search like me. Search. 