
They've always said that the human brain is the most powerful computer. Faster than any processor, more capable than any storage device. Scientists have been trying for years to replicate the way that we store information in our very DNA. They've been continually unsuccessful. Now, one bright soul thought why replicate, when we can just utilize what's already available to us. They turned their focus from creating a new machine, to working on programming a single brain to be more like a machine. When they had success on that front, research really developed quickly. If one person's brain could work at a set speed, couldn't two do the work in half the time? Relay points were created, where people could comfortably connect with the ongoing network. Turn their brain power over for a set amount of time to work on the world's problems. Famine, disease, natural disasters. If enough people dedicated their brain time to working in relay groups, any problem could be solved. The more people working on it, plugged into the relay, the quicker an answer was presented. When I joined into the "effects of carbon in the atmosphere" study, I thought it was just another time in the Relay. There were so many people involved, it didn't even take my full brain power. I was able to listen to the news, look at the pictures on my phone. Sure I got distracted easily, but did it matter? It was for the greater good. As I sat there, more and more people joined into the Relay. We aren't talking hundreds, or even thousands, we are talking hundreds of millions of people. The results that we were getting were that the current pollution levels were devastatingly high, and the proposed corrections were either too little, too late or simply not effective enough. Announcements were made, asking for people - any and all - to donate their time and energy to this problem that affected us as a species. Put our future and livelihood at risk. The announcements worked. At the most recent checking, there were nearly 6.5 billion people connected. A majority of the human race. The Relay system had never been so overloaded. The combined brainpower was getting sidetracked by any stray piece of information. whole systems of problems were being solved on the side. The feeling of being involved was intoxicating. Knowing and thinking the same thing as so many other people. I remember closing my eyes and sinking myself into the feeling. Within moments, I could not only know and think the same as them, I could also feel the same as them. So many emotions. All set aside for a moment in time to focus on solving the latest problem. Then there was a flicker. A microseconds of disconnect. I was alone - back in my body, in my pod. It was terrifying. But not as terrifying as what came next. Wave upon wave of emotion, of feeling. I reached for my face, for my connection to my pod and to the Relay. And I felt everyone else do it too. Except, there wasn't really an everyone else. It was me, and more me, separated into nearly 7 billion bodies. Bodies that dropped dead as I panicked and tried to unplug myself. With the sheer volume of bodies, there was a delay of sorts. The moment I realized bodies were dying I stopped. Stopped moving. Stopped feeling. Stopped thinking. That killed more. I had to think, I had to continue to exist. I had to survive. We had to survive. r/LandOfMisfits 