
"The Antichrist!" Satan said and clacked his hooves together. "It's finally time!" Lucifer rolled her eyes, her tattered black wings slouching on her back. "That's your solution for everything, isn't it? Just rain chaos upon the world." "That's hardly fair - the apocalypse takes planning, precision... finesse. *Finesse*!" The fires flared to emphasize his words. "Chaos implicates randomness - this is far from it. Seriously, I don't get why you guys don't want to try *Revelation...*" "While the end of the world would certainly get people's attention, it would also mean the end of all amusement," said the Devil absently, busy polishing his horns. "What we need is something ingenious... something *fiendish.* I suggest dream visitation... nightmares... deceit... trickery... bring them all down here... then we can tell them in person!" "That's weak!" Satan roared. "I hate weak! I want to see things burning!" The Ninth Circle fell silent for a while, save for the pathetic whimpering of the poor souls stuck in the ice. Lucifer tilted her head to the side, regarding the others. She didn't deserve to be here like the other two - even after all these years, it felt unjust. Breaking out had always been her number one priority. She knew now that she couldn't do it alone, and getting these two in the same room hadn't been easy. "Listen," she finally said and took a few nimble steps up to the brimstone table, "if we don't work together we'll get nowhere. We want out, and we want to show them we're not the same person - those are our goals." The Devil put his glass to his red lips and swirled the liquid in his mouth. "I still haven't heard your plan." "There's no *my*; there's only *ours*. And right now we've got squat." The Devil flipped a cigarette between his claws. "Well... there's something I haven't told you before; I actually know the way out of here. But we still need to come up with a way to distinguish ourselves." "What the hell did you just say?" Satan rose to his full height, his silhouette crackling with flames. Lucifer crossed her arms and looked darkly at the Devil. "While you've been tempting people and giving them false promises... and while he's been stomping around, causing havoc, I've been extracting information from our dear population... I can get us out, but you need to tell me how we're going to make people see us for who we really are." "This is unacceptable! I could've blown things up a long time ago!" Satan said, his voice quaking. "And to think that all this time you had my sympathy... The Rolling Stones actually had me fooled! SAD." Lucifer made her way over to the Devil and put her lips to his ear. "Is there any way we can leave him here?" "Sorry, darling. Opening the portal requires all three of us. Now, do you have a plan or not?" "Fine," Lucifer said. "Here's my idea. We'll take on the guise of powerful people. And through them, we'll present ourselves as different individuals. We won't be our mythological selves... but our ideals will remain the same." "It could work," the Devil said. "Yes!" Satan rumbled. "Let's go already!" "What's my name?" the Devil sang. "Putin." "What's my name?" Satan said. "Trump." "And yours?" they both said at the same time. "Please allow me to introduce myself; I'm a man of wealth and taste..." Lucifer sang along. "My name is Elon Musk." 