
I married Sandra in a lovely ceremony on the grounds of my elegant mansion, on the side without the graveyard. The sun was bright, and people smiled and everything seemed to finally be lining up for her, at least as far as love goes. I probably should have asked more questions before then. What was she doing at the ball that evening we met, dateless and definitely not of the right social class? What was up with that assortment of engagement rings she had in a jewelry box, each with a bigger diamond than the last? I was just loving it. I didn't ask any questions. I didn't want to scare her away, but I knew she was a gold digger if I had ever seen one. I noticed her attitude toward me change soon after we wed and she dropped the little romantic facade she had been putting up. Little things, at first. She would leave shoes spread out in our bedroom, knowing that I get up before her and avoid turning the light on. I tripped over them more than once. Another time she jokingly pushed me towards the busy boulevard as we strolled down a busy city sidewalk. I caught myself, and she played it off as a joke. Funny enough, considering I survived. Poisoning my food? That was taking it a little too far and my patience was running thin. Jeremiah - I think he was my forty-fifth butler - pointed out to me the little vial he had found hidden in her drawers. I shrugged it off. What was the bother if it didn't affect me? I was just counting her attempts and wondering if she would get the hint. You see, I've been married before. Many times, in fact. I get a little more involved than I should, just because I miss the way it used to be. They fall for the money and the unfathomable wealth I've accumulated in the centuries I've lived. Soon enough, they start plotting ways to eliminate me. Some are creative. I've had toasters thrown into the hot tub. I've been run over by cars. Some are more subtle, like Sandra. She wasn't coming after me with a baseball bat or a machete. She was sneaky, or at least she thought so. You may have misunderstood and thought I was implying that I loved her. I don't. I have always known what she was after. I just love the little games we play. I love seeing her squirm uncomfortably as we stroll through the graveyard. She doesn't know that it brings back fond memories and makes me look forward to where she might one day lay. I love seeing the shock on her face when I down the poison and don't even blink. I love seeing the fear when I get up with my head beat in and it begins to heal before their eyes. I love to see how far they will take it before giving up, or if they're determined enough to never stop. Eventually, I'm sure I'll find the right one. Somebody who gives me a real challenge and a little bit of excitement to break the monotony of a thousand wives. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 