
Pierce Gunther managed to dive out of the way in time, and it was only because he recognized the tell-tale signs of a pulsar cannon charging up in the chest cavity of the PoliceBot. The beam of pure energy punched a hole clean through the speeding car, and the resulting explosion shot the sole driver away in a trail of smoke, encased in a capsule of white. Pierce hoped that the escape pod would survive the crash. "Attention, attention. I will not warn you again. All speeding offences will be met with deadly force. Comply, Comply." Traffic ground to a halt as the other hovercars slammed on their emergency thrusters. A thousand circuits whirred as the avoidance algorithms went into overdrive. "Attention, attention, stopping on the roads is also cause for an offence. Any offence calls for overwhelming force. Comply, Comply." Traffic started up again as every driver stabbed at the manual override buttons on their dashboards. The hovercars flowed around the PoliceBot like water around a pebble. No one wanted to get too close. Pierce didn't pause to consider the options. He didn't need to, when there was only one possibility. He stumbled past the burgeoning onlookers, held out a hand to steady himself, then flash-dialled the connection code for the office. He held a finger to his ear, and the embedded chips did the rest. His partner picked up on the second ring. "You promised me you wouldn't sell the program!" said Pierce. "But you did! You did what I *expressly* told you not to!" "What? No, I don't know what you're-" "Todd! I'm being serious right now!" "Look, I swear," said Todd, "I have no idea what you're talking about-" "The Comply program!" said Pierce, so agitated that the mood-sensors under his skin triggered the release of synthetic oxytocins to calm him down. "It's still in testing! I haven't debugged it! It's not ready for sale!" "Promise, cross my mother's heart, I did not-" Pierce tapped the side of his forehead, activating the visual feed so that Todd could share in the chaos developing down Elms Street. "Then what the hell is that? Why is the PoliceBot employing *deadly force* on bloody civilians for speeding?" The escape pod crash landed on the other side of the street, where it bounced a couple of times before the shock resistors reached their limits and collapsed into a puddle of half-state liquid. The driver of the ill-fated car was dazed, and he struggled to make sense of how he hand ended up there. "Attention, attention. Do not litter on the streets. Littering is a filthy habit, and it must be nipped in the bud. You have ten seconds to Comply, Comply. Ten, nine, eight, seven... you're out of time." The PoliceBot took aim, and unleashed a barrage of fire on the sidewalk. Pierce had to shield his eyes to shut out the glare. "Todd? You there? You saw that?" "... Yes? Ok look, and don't get angry, ok? I *may* have, you know, provided *some* portions of the code to the city for a trial. Just a trial, you understand?" "Why! Why would you do that?" Todd burped, and Pierce thought he could hear Todd scratching himself. "We needed the money, ok? Geez, I'm tired of eating pizza, waiting for you to finish the damn project. I joined up with you cause you promised me we would make it big!" "Yes, but only when we're ready! And Comply is definitely not ready!" "Ah, whatever," said Todd. "The bugger probably deserved it, driving so fast in the city. We likely saved lives in the long term, destiny and karma and whatnot." "No, you don't understand," said Pierce. "Comply is... black and white. Comply doesn't see the grays. And I've programmed a long, *long* list of behaviour which may be undesirable, but which also doesn't deserve such harsh treatment! And until I tweak it, you have to shut it down!" Todd laughed. "Shut it down? No, no. The agreement's solid, man. I drafted it myself, and the governor signed it, official and all! They can't back out no matter what, and they have to pay us no matter the results! With your brains and my legal skills, we're going to be rich, baby!" "No, please," said Pierce. "Shut it down, really. Call them now, and get them to sto-" "You're such a whiny poop," said Todd. "Be glad I ain't cutting you out of this partnership. You're boring me, really. Buhbye! Next!" Pierce tapped his receiver again, but it was no use. Todd had cut him off. Pierce watched as the PoliceBot inspected its handiwork, and satisfied with its progress, the PoliceBot hummed as it worked through its next directives. Directives which Pierce had coded himself, integrated manually, one by one. *No speeding.* *No littering.* *No talking loudly in cinemas.* A dozen more, all infractions which Pierce hated with a passion. And then, just as a joke, and because he thought he would have time to remove it later, *No being an asshole, like Todd.* The PoliceBot completed its assessments, and its sensors folded back in. There were no crimes in the vicinity, and its work here was done. Its rocket thrusters powered up, and it lifted off into the air, flying towards the next task on its list. Even though the distance between them was growing, Pierce could still hear the blaring from the PoliceBot's speakers. "Attention, attention. No one likes assholes. Stop being one, or I will assist with all due force. Comply, Comply." --- /r/rarelyfunny 