
"It's the Mesolithic period," Dr Wong spoke from the corner of the table, his eyes peering on his screen. It was just moments before when the entire team spoke to the alien delegation and the number popped up. 13,000 years ago. "Meso-what?" Liz cuts in, making her way to where Wong was seated. As a representative from the government, she could not care less about the historical or scientific details. Her job was to make sure everything goes smoothly according to what her bosses wanted. These experts were just here to support, not interfere. "Mesolithic," the professor repeated, slower this time. "It was before the first recorded instance of the human civilization." Wong pushed his chair back as the rest of the team joined Liz. They stared at humanity's timeline on the screen. It was on a slide that he usually used for his history lectures. "So... the aliens are lying then?" a tall figure blurted out. He was a professor, just like Wong, only in a different field. Part of the team hastily put together when the alien's ship magically appeared at the Paya Lebar Airbase. No radar picked it up, no eyewitness saw the ship landing. One moment there was an empty runway and the next a ship almost the size of a football field materialized out of thin air. It caught everyone off-guard. The only good thing was that the authorities were able to keep the news from spreading panic among the populace. "I don't trust them," Liz grunted as she stepped away from the table. The alien delegation made many preposterous claims. That humans were once an advanced species. Almost 13,000 years ago. They also claimed that humanity launched a starship back then, followed by several others. They were certain humanity would become a spacefaring species soon after. "But then, all we could observe was silence." The words of the alien leader still hung in Liz's head. "Should we notify the UN, or even the US, for this matter?" another voice piped out, belonging to Dr Tan, the biologist in the room. "Surely they would have better advice?" Liz sighed and shook her head. "I've already explained, we don't know how the US would react to this. Which is why we're under strict instructions not to let this leak out before we know what we're dealing with." She raised her head to see the digital clock above the room. The aliens must be wondering what was taking them so long. It was going to be a long talk, Liz suspected. She motioned to the rest of the team. "Come on, take all your notes with you. We're going back in." The team were halfway to the door when it barged open and a young officer ran in. He was panting and his uniform was drenched in sweat. "There's... there's another ship flying in! And, and command said that... that they're humans! Please-" Before the officer could finish, a bright red shot pierced through the soldier's body. The officer let out a gasp and fell unto the floor. At the end of the corridor, Liz saw the figure of the alien, with a rifle pointed at the rest of them. "It seems that discussions are no longer necessary," the alien announced before it pulled the trigger. ------------------ /r/dori_tales 