
It took a while to persuade them that I wasn't insane. But I thank the good Lord that I found myself in the company of rationalists and thinkers, instead of the uneducated common folk. What was a bunch of misguided geniuses obsessed with the details and mysteries of alchemical theory, became a true establishment of natural philosophy within a short period of time. The main focus of our work? Medical science. I used the principles of chemistry to explain several features of illness and other malaise. Of course, these principles are assumed as high-school chemistry and the most complex ideas I presented were shown to me in the first year of medical school. But to my listeners, I must have sounded like a paranoid and superstitious madman until the particular details of the case in question all neatly resolved themselves and my ridiculous hypotheses perfectly and neatly described the evidence in question. The city of my residence was, however, lucky. One of the first who accepted my theories was the son of a wealthy burgher. When news of an outbreak of smallpox reached us, he managed to persuade his father, and in turn, the council of burghers to use my methodology for control, prevention, and treatment of an outbreak. It was that particular event that raised my reputation, to some as an utter fool, and to others as the most brilliant doctor of the century. This morning, was different. I was alerted by my secretary of a patient in my clinic, of such stature that the usual doctors that see to incoming patients were certain that I must be the one to see him. I went through my office to my consultation room, which is notably separate spaces. In front of me was a man of average height, though short in comparison to myself. However, his dominant pose, an air of authority and leadership betrayed a very much atypical background. In spite of his body language, I simply began my checkup with the usual questions and tests. He was ultimately in good health. While he obliged every request and answered every question, it was clear that his presence served a different purpose. We moved to my office, where he finally introduced himself. The self-titled "Emperor" of the neighboring country had come here, instead of using the services of the best local physicians that his position and wealth could afford. He asked me to teach him. Teach him, personally, the intricacies of disease, the nature of matter and the movements of the heavens. And teach I did. He stayed with me for several months, his brother, and a set of carefully chosen advisors managed the affairs of his home nation. He himself was the best student I ever encountered. He listened attentively but understood skeptically. He asked the right questions and answered others. He watched as I performed surgeries. He even treated patients and did so with a great deal of success. Eventually, his duties as an Emperor could wait no longer, and he had to return to his capital. On the day he left, he gave my practice a set of the highest quality of scientific equipment that could be found. It would be years before I saw him again. But I would hear of his works more and more often. While he was famous for his military prowess, and his excellent conquests. This was not his only quality. He raised the standards of living in those cities both owned and occupied. His countermeasures against disease saved more lives than could be ever counted. But of course, death comes to us all. He died a happy man, only vanquished by the curse of age. An illness that I had no remedy for. Neither I nor he was surprised that this would be his last year, then month, then day. As he died, he only smiled at me. And muttered quietly, so that only I could hear: "Your diligence will be rewarded" The mechanism of this was the greatest surprise and I, for the hundredth time, wondered if I was dreaming. As I walked the aisle of the hall, an empty throne lay ahead, waiting for its next occupant. 