
The arrival of humans to the perpetuity of interstellar wars was met with little fanfare. One more species, to be eliminated like so many others. The domineering Ro'koors, the apex predators of this era of warfare, shrugged with indifference. Exploring always led to exploiting; exploiting to eventual extermination. Most species died of shock quite quickly. Losing millions disrupted the hive-mind, that fragile societal network that made them a cohesive species - and a cohesive fighting force - and few species ever recovered. They withered away, the survivors stunned into a silent stupor from the shock of having essential elements of their very being ripped to shreds. Humans were different. It wasn't immediately apparent. They still flew into battle with all the misplaced bravery of angry kittens. They were still torn to shreds by weapons generations more advanced. Their dismembered bodies still floated through the galaxy, littering planets with a rain of wayward wreckage and limbs. But the humans kept coming. Their ability to absorb the pain seemed endless, their bloodlust insatiable, and their desire for conquest insurmountable. When one fell, another replaced him. When a million fell, a million more stepped up to take their places. It was in the ruins of their home planet that the interstellar envoys were greeted by a band of war-weary humans. Face-to-face with them for the first time, the Ro'koor gaped as they were greeted by one human and then by another and another each in turn. "Can you not all greet us at once through the hive-mind?" an envoy asked, his speech parsed and translated by the crude systems implemented for the unexpected bout of diplomacy. "Hive-mind?" The one who seemed to be the human leader frowned, as if he wasn't familiar with the term. "The network. The connection between your species." A simple concept for interstellar species. A way for all to experience one, and for one to experience all. Crucial in that crude era of slower-than-light travel. At this the man laughed, and the Ro'koor envoy felt every inch of his blob prickle in fear of the way the human's eyes glimmered with cruelty. The man spat on the ground, grinding it into the gravel rubble with a dirty boot. "There's no connection," he answered with a sneer. "It's each man for himself." By the time the envoy received the message and conveyed it to the members of his diplomatic mission, it was too late. The realization that they had met the wrong group of humans - a group of stateless mercenaries instead of a peace-seeking nation or an interconnected species - came to them once the cages slammed shut and they felt themselves dragged away. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 