
"Do you guys think Bryce would ask me to the dance if I started showing more cleavage, like that slut Morgan?" "What-EVER, Morgan is such a ho. Bryce is, like, way deeper than that." "Well, what if I started acting all interested in, like, football and Avengers movies and stuff, so I could, like, talk to him about stuff he likes?" "I dunno, I guess." "What if I, like, stuck this french fry up my nose? Do you think Bryce would notice me then?" "OHMYGAWD Lindsay, you are so gross!" As her friends dissolved into fits of giggles watching her move the french fry closer and closer to her nostril, Lindsay suddenly felt an odd sensation: she couldn't stop. She didn't want to stop. Some force she didn't understand wanted her to do this. It came from inside her, and from all around her. Her friends' laughter turned to alarm as the french fry began to enter her nostril, but she didn't care; nothing else mattered to Lindsay in that moment. Nothing else existed to her except that fry and the task at hand. Deep in the recesses of her mind, a small part of her wondered if it would hurt, or if everything would smell weird for a while from having a fry up her nose, but that tiny voice was quickly eclipsed by an overwhelming sense of purpose and feeling of oneness with- well, it was hard for her to describe. Everything? Nothing? It didn't matter. It was there, and it was powerful and peaceful and amazing. As she pressed the end of the french fry into her nostril, she briefly realized it didn't hurt because it wasn't there; not physically, anyway. The fry was inside her, to be sure, but spiritually, metaphysically. Instinctively, she moved her fingers to her other nostril, and there was the end of the french fry. Of course it was there, where else could it have been? It was inevitable. In one sure, steady move, she pulled the fry from her nostril. She was awash in a brilliant light that seemed to come from within her and all around her. Outwardly, her body tensed, but inwardly, she felt relaxed and connected with literally everything. The light was now so bright it dazzled her eyes. Did she have eyes? Did she even have a body? No. She just...was. A voice filled her mind. Not a voice, really, maybe not even words, but divine, all-powerful, and it spoke to her with a meaning she clearly understood: "You gotta be shittin' me. That is so gross." 