
I'd been retired for about a week when I decided to go out to eat for the first time in years. I was one of the best, which means I had a target on my back. By now though I'm sure most major players in the business have heard I'm out of the game. When I got to the parlor, I ordered a small meat lovers and looked for a seat while they made it. That's when I saw her, over by the window. A gorgeous woman with almond colored eyes, jet black hair, and a killer smile. She was eating a mammoth pizza and wearing a black hoodie with the Deathly Hallows on the front. I pulled up a seat next to her, looking forward to some fun. "How's my favorite hitter?" I teased as she looked up from her phone in surprised. "What name are you going by these days hmmm? And are you here for business or pleasure?" She smirked playfully. "Sophie darling. And you know dear friend, not all of the bounties on your head are gone. I could still make a couple grand off your head if I wanted to" "Come now, you wouldn't kill a dear friend just starting her retirement would you? Besides, you don't even know my real name yet, and I thought the deal was we wouldn't kill each other until we had learned each other's real names." Sophie chuckled, we had built up a bit of a rapport over the decade of trying to kill each other. "I have tickets to Comicon, my dear friend who's name I don't know yet. I'm supposed to meet some dork that landed one of your government's contracts. You won't try to stop me will you?" A hard look in her eye reminded me that she'd kill me in a second if I said yes. Or she'd try at least. "Depends. I have an offer for you too. " Sofie tilted her head. "What would you need a hitter for? You're as good as I am and we both know it". I smirked and handed her a napkin with my number on it. "You can call me Tessa. And you better call me the moment you're done with this job so we can go for a drink. I'm going to miss hunting you, but I'm not letting you out of my life that easily." Sofie couldn't help but giggle. I could tell it was her real laugh, the second time I had ever heard it. "Me neither old friend. You're buying" 