
######[](#dropcap) "Why are you down here?" Maxis couldn't help but burst out. She stared at the man who simply stared at the ground, his eyes almost soulless. And she would know what that meant. She'd seen plenty of thousand yard stares...a thousand years ago. "Um..." Richard blinked. "Where am I?" Oh. That made more sense. The poor soul was simply lost. "You're at the Gateway. Well, specifically, you're at the gateway to Hell, but you haven't made your choice yet." She pointed to the opposite side of the lake, mist rolling off of its surface. "Just walk across there. You'll be at heaven in five minutes." Then she looked back down at her clipboard and began doodling again, filling the ten-thousandth page with sketches of a tall, regal nose and bright blue eyes. After a couple of moments of silence, she looked back up. The man hadn't moved. Her brows furrowed. "What are you still doing here?" She'd already told him what to do. He should be waltzing off toward Heaven. Or had religion defined Hell as the new Heaven in the last ten minutes or so? She glanced at the completely empty line behind him. Nope. "Do you want to go to Hell?" She raised an eyebrow. The question was sincere. "Um, this is fine. I'm already here." She stared at him, speechless. Which, she hadn't been in quite a while, actually. A thousand years to be exact. This had to be the most ridiculous... "Well, I'm not letting you in for a reason like that. So you can turn around and go across the lake." Didn't the man know what he was getting himself into? Richard finally looked at her then. Really looked at her, and Maxim was unnerved by the sudden hunger and desperation in his gaze. "Clara?" he asked, his voice unsure. "Who's Clara?" Maxis gave him a blank stare. Richard blinked, then averted his gaze. Then, hesitantly, he turned his gaze back towards her, his eyes hungrily taking in her image. He hesitated for a moment, then took a step closer. "Who are you?" Maxis cocked her head. Gosh, she hadn't been asked that question in...five thousand years? Ten thousand years? Anyways, just a long, long time. So long she'd forgotten the answer to that question. So her answer was hesitant, unsure. "I'm the gatekeeper," she said. "No, I mean who were you before this?" Flashes of a child and a man's image appeared before her eyes, then red. Fire. Burnt timbers and ashes. She bit her lip. "No one important." She pressed down on the pencil in her hand unwittingly, and the tip broke off, flying into the cloudy floor below. Great. Now she was going to have to travel all the way down the hall to sharpen it again. "Can you get going now?" she asked him, unable to keep the annoyance from seeping into her voice. "Were you human?" Richard asked again. He seemed almost desperate for an answer. So she took pity on this poor human who wasn't like the rest of the humans. "Yes, okay? Twenty thousand years ago, I was. Then I decided to come to Hell, before this whole religion business was a thing, and I got assigned to Gatekeeper. So here I am." It was her story out in the open for the first time. The simplified version of it, anyhow. "Can you come to Heaven with me?" Richard suddenly asked. He knew she wasn't Clara now, but she looked so similar, and... Maxis stared at him. She rolled her eyes. Oh. So that's why he had stayed. Over the past couple of years, there had been men who had tried to lure her over to Heaven. They had been curious and come over to check out what Hell's gate looked like, and had been disappointed by the small wooden desk with the girl sitting by it. There wasn't even a gate in the true sense of the word. "I can only come to Heaven if someone replaces my spot. Hell needs a keeper," she said. Then she rolled her eyes and crossed her hands over her chest, maintaining eye contact with him and leaning back in her seat. It was time for him to leave. Richard hesitated. Then he bit his lip and adjusted his polo shirt. "Okay." Maxis reared back. What? "I was joking," she said to him. "But you can go to Heaven if I replace you?" "Well, yes, but--" "Go." Maxis felt a glimmer of something in her chest. Something like hope. She hadn't seen him in so long--he'd picked Heaven--and she missed him so. She missed him so, so much. "Are you...are you sure?" She no longer felt annoyance for the man standing in front of her, with his thick-framed glasses and polo shirt and loafers. She was curious as hell though. "I'm sure." He drank her image in. "But...can you take a message for me? To a girl named Clara Calhoun? Born in 1982, in North Dakota." As Maxis stood up, he moved to take her place behind the desk. He sat down in the chair. It wasn't so bad. The chair wasn't uncomfortable at all. "Sure." She was forever indebted to him. "Of course. Anything you'd like." Maxis felt a bit of remorse for not trying harder, for not warning him of what the job would entail, but this was probably her only chance to leave. Richard seemed to debate for a while about what he'd like to say. The image of Clara, telling him he ought to go to hell, popped up in front of his eyes. Her eyes had been full of vehemence, without their usual softness. Because he no longer deserved her kindness. He'd never seen her so full of hatred. And he was the rightful recipient. He closed his eyes. He couldn't bear to think about it. "Just...tell her I'm sorry. Please." ***** More fantasy at r/AlannaWu! 