
He pulled on the hand of the stranger, throwing his bottle of water in his backpack hastily. "They will smell me on you," Jones said when the woman gave him an odd look. The sound of the chickens was getting closer. He knew that if he didn't keep moving until the horde dispersed, they could do some serious injury. So far he had been able to deal with one or two at a time, but that many were daunting -- and dangerous. "What?" her soft voice sounded from behind him. Jones was still dragging her along against her will. He had watched the chickens attack market stalls, bulls, and other humans before if he had stood around too long. The stupid creatures had a hard time telling him apart from anything that held his scent. Or his aura, or whatever else it could have been that let them hone in on him. "I stood too long. They are too close, I'm sorry. I don't want you to get hurt, you need to come with me." "What the hell are you talking about?" she demanded, pulling her hand out of his and stopping in place. "You can't magnet chicken, and they can't smell. Who are you and what is that sound?" She looked back towards the bawking noise, eyebrows furrowed and arms crossed against her chest. "Chickens," he said, stopping long enough to face her and try to make eye contact. "It's a really long story. They are coming, and we need to keep moving." "I am not moving from this spot," she said, squaring her shoulders. Jones rolled his eyes. He understood how insane he sounded when he tried to tell people about his curse. They never saw the truth, but he lived it. He had seen people get hurt. He had spent the last 5 years running and only finding rest when he had managed to outsmart them. "They can smell *me*," he said. The thundering got louder. It was not a big sound, it was a thousand tiny sounds all coming together, and they were close enough that the ground was starting to vibrate. "If we don't move now, they will catch up to us," He held out his hand, hoping she would trust him despite having just met. "I'll buy you a cup of coffee?" he offered. Her eyes darted from his hand to the road behind them. The sound was getting closer, echoing off the roads and buildings. It was difficult to really tell how long they had until the small winged creatures arrived. She uncrossed her arms and grabbed his hand with one of hers. With a loud groan, she rolled her eyes and began to move forward with him. "This better be one hell of a cup of coffee. And the explanation," she said before picking up her pace. The pair jogged down the cobblestone road, getting strange looks from various vendors who sat at their stalls or looked out of shop windows. Jones wasn't worried about them. Aside from some stray feathers and confusion, nothing would really happen. He had spent too long with the girl, flirting even though he knew what was happening. "Chicken magnet," she scoffed beside him. "Do I have to keep holding your hand?" A sheepish grin spread across his face, and he turned to her for a moment before returning his eyes to the road. "No." He loosened his grip and felt her fingers slide away from his. "Wheres the river?" he asked when his arm was pulled back to his body. "Uhh, past the housing development I guess. Why?" she asked without so much as moving her head. "It throws them off. Lead the way," he offered no other explanation before dipping back and forcing her to take point. "Wait," she said, hesitating. She finally made a point to look over at him, a concerned look on her face. "River, then coffee," Jones said and shrugged his shoulders. "If it helps at all, I'm sorry. I don't usually make other people deal with my curse." *** This is silly. :P /r/Beezus_Writes 