
Three candles lit the room, their wicks barely burning above the pool of wax spilling out the candle holders. All three sat atop a rounded wood table set up for dinner. Two plates, two knives, two forks, but only one person. Mariah waited as she always did as the flames began to flicker. He wasn't coming. He never did, not since she was a little girl and they had made their promise. A man coughed in the corner, hidden by her shadow, as a dark liquid crept toward the dinner table. Mariah let out a small breath and stepped out of the light, into the blood-stained cement floors of her killing room. "Please, I have a family." Every word came in a splutter of blood that speckled Mariah's black silk dress. "There's money in my wallet if that's what you want." Mariah shook her head. "I don't want money." "I'll give you anything, just name it, but please don't kill me." Ironic since the only thing she wanted was his life, though not as much as her first victims. When she had first started killing, she had bought candles fresh from the store for every dinner, she had scrubbed the plates until they were spotless, and took care not to step in blood or have it splatter onto her dress. Back then, she didn't let her victims talk. It would've ruined the atmosphere. But a girl could only be stood up so many times. The first five or so times, she got angry. By the time the candlelight died, she was hurling curses about broken promises and hearts. The victims had died long before she could take her rage out on them. Now, at the fifteenth attempt, everything she did came half-hearted. Her candles were recycled from the previous night, her dishes unwashed, and her victim still alive. He even had the strength to talk. Mariah sighed. "Its fine," she said, tears in her eyes, "he'll come next time." She turned toward the man. "Don't worry, I won't let it hurt." The man let out a stuttered squeal as he pressed himself further into the corner. "We've both been hurt tonight," she muttered and grabbed a knife from the table. All of a sudden, the man shot up and threw his body against hers. The blow knocked the breath from her lungs and her head whipped back into concrete. A single shrill note rang in her ears as she blindly stabbed at the man. Fingers wrapped around her wrist, their nails like talons. And the knife was pried away. "You bitch!" Fire sprouted from her wrist and the man rolled off her. He crashed through the rusted iron door of her killing room. Sunlight spilled through the opening. Mariah stared at her open wrist, at the pool of blood crawling toward the sun. And then she saw it, a dark and silent man sitting at the table. Her breath caught. "You came back," she whispered. "Didn't I promise that I would?" She pushed herself up, swept off her dress and took her seat at the table. "I'm sorry," she said, a tremble in her words. "I didn't think you'd come so I hadn't set up much. Here, you can take my knife." The other knife was on the ground, covered in her blood. The Grim Reaper stared back unmoving. "It's a lovely dinner," he said. A small smile broke Mariah's lips and tears welled up inside her eyes. "Thank you." She chuckled nervously and glanced up. "You're not going to leave again, are you?" The Reaper shook his head. "No," he said. "Not this time." Mariah's smile stretched from cheek to cheek. Tears spilled down her cheeks. And slowly, the candlelight faded until only darkness remained. --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more! 