
As I stepped out of my house to head to work, I turned back to lock my door. When I turned back around again, the whole world had completely changed. Fires burned everywhere. Rocky landscapes spanned as far as my eye could see. Rivers of lava flowed through the landscapes, unceasing, melting anything that fell into them. Carved onto some of the rocks were symbols that looked... vaguely demonic? I was too busy trying to figure out what happened to tell. As I looked around, I spotted... something. Crouched down on the ground, frantically scribbling something with a jagged rock. When it finished and completed the rough circle around the symbol, a deformed creature appeared in the center. It screamed for a few seconds before exploding into dust. The creature sat back, looking defeated. "Um... hello?" I stammered. The creature spun around quickly, suddenly appearing excited. My initial theory now seemed more supported. It certainly looked like a demon, though it was small, almost childlike. "Ah, my helping human is here! Can you help me mister?" I was still very lost. "...Help you with what?" "My homework of course!" The demonic creature shouted excitedly. "demons have homework?" At this point I thought I was having a fever dream or something. "Of course! We have to be educated too you know." It seemed very enthusiastic. "And I can help you with it?" I replied "Oh certainly!" It shouted. "We bring humans down here all the time to help with our work!" "Down here?" "Yeah, down here in Hell!" My suspicions were confirmed. I was in Hell. A feeling of dread set in. "So... if I'm in Hell does that mean I'm dead?" "No silly, you'd remember if you had died. We demons have humans brought down here from time to time to help us improve Hell to better serve its function. One of the most important things is teaching demons how to create better versions of Hell for each person. Every human that comes down here for real experiences their own personal Hell, but there are certain aspects that apply to many people. So we bring humans down to figure out what things humans would find horribly awful to experience." "So.., your homework is to learn how to create a better personal Hell?" "Pretty much!" It seemed excited about its work. "I... guess I can help." "Hooray!" It ran up to me excitedly. "Now tell me, what kind of things would humans find terribly, horribly frustrating or awful? Keep it modern, we spare no expense down here." I thought for a moment. "I mean, burning in one of those pits of lava would sure be painful." "Oh come on, you can do better than that! We've been sending people into lava pits since the beginning!" It was really looking for something new. "Well... people really hate when their cell phone has bad reception..." It perked up a bit. "Oh, something with cell phones! Humans do so love those." "If you gave them access to a phone, but with bad enough reception that it was barely usable, I know I'd find that horribly frustrating. "Now that's what I'm talking about!" It scribbled some symbols down on the nearby rocks, taking notes and then looking excitedly back at me. Over the next hour I gave it as horrible of ideas that I could think of. Itches you can't scratch. Inconveniences you can't escape. It would be a truly annoying Hell. "Wow, thanks mister, you had a lot of great ideas!" It had a broken, toothy grin, but I could tell it was happy. "Yeah, no problem. Glad I could help." I still wasn't sure this was all happening. "I can send you back in a jiffy. Don't worry about compensation either, it'll be sent back with you. Thanks for helping make Hell a worse place!" As I was chuckling at his remark, I blinked, and I was back on my front porch. I could feel a strange soreness on my upper right arm. I went back inside to the bathroom and looked in the mirror as I rolled my sleeve up. A tally count of five, four straight and one slashing through it, appeared burned into my arm. I still wasn't sure if I was just abducted or something. A few months later, I was out at a bar. After getting wasted, I headed home with a girl I met there. We hooked up. I lied to my girlfriend the next day about where I was. Immediately afterward, I felt a strange sensation in my right arm. I checked the burn mark. One of the tallies was gone. EDIT : a letter 