
"EAT FIREBALLS!" shouted the scraggly man with an even scragglier beard. He hurled several small squares of weighted felt from his robes, hoping to hit the opposing army. "Witchcraft! Sorcery!" screamed a mustachioed man in a gray soldier's uniform. He adjusted his hat, indignant at the hooligans who invaded their battlefield. "Men, ready your rifles! Kill these heathens!" Just then, another man, this one burlier than the felt-slinger, burst through the bushes with a large, brightly-coloured foam sword. His faux-fur loincloth waved in the wind, sweat glistening on his pale torso. He raised his sword, and he raised his voice in a furious battle cry. "Honorless scum," he cried, "come and fight with your own two hands!" The gray-suited army finished loading their rifles, then took aim at the two interlopers. They patiently awaited their order, the two strange men advancing closer all the while. "FIRE!" shouted their leader. Bangbangbangbang! The shots rang out clear and sharp across the field. Smoke rose from each rifle, obscuring the battlefield from view. Everyone waited silently, to see the results of their assault. The only thing on the army's side that seemed to move were the red-and-white-striped flags, dancing gently in the breeze. The skinny one lay on the ground, seemingly dead. The big one roared, not quite as dead as the other one. "Cowards! You hide behind numbers and strange weapons," he said. "None of you could ever hope to defeat me. If any of you are worthy of being called a warrior, I challenge him to step forward and face me!" The soldiers prepared to load their rifles once more, but their commander raised his hand, stopping them. He narrowed his eyes, considering the barbarian's words. "I accept your challenge. I shall teach you, heathen, of the power of The Almighty." He drew his steel sabre and lowered it, facing his opponent. The barbarian grinned, almost as if he were baring his fangs. The two men charged, swords raised, voices roaring in defiance of fate and schedule mismanagement. While the barbarian was mighty indeed, brute strength mattered not, for steel was mightier than foam. His greatsword torn asunder, the barbarian quickly succumbed to his opponent. With the tip of the soldier's sabre pointed at his throat, the barbarian lay defeated, drawing a series of quick, ragged breaths. "It seems," he panted, "fortune did not smile upon me this day. I go... I go to the halls of my fathers." And with that, the mighty brute finally lay still. The soldiers cheered for their captain's victory, raising their fists in joy. He turned from the battlefield with a smirk of satisfaction. Flags waved, drums beat, trumpets sounded, and each man embraced his brother in a show of camaraderie. Nobody noticed the young woman who appeared, laying her hand on the scrawny one. The silver-armored lady raised her sword to the heavens, and cried, "In the name of the Goddess, I command thee to rise again, and to fight for her glory!" As if he were never wounded, the young man stood up, ready to fight again. The captain's eyes widened in shock and rage. Edit: part 2! Also, now the wizard's spells are less likely to cause actual harm, which I think fits the story better. 