
It was a cruel twist of fate that eliminated everybody from existence except for a pair of horny neanderthals and me. But, apparently, that's just the way things go. Every 10,000 years, the invisible dude up above - God, for brevity - hits F5 and boom, back to the prehistoric era we go. "F5?" Motherfucker. These Luddite imbeciles don't know what F5 is. It's a miracle we even speak the same language. "Reset. He resets humanity." They glance at each other suspiciously. Makes sense. I wasn't supposed to be here. He actually dialed me up afterwards with one of those "Godly vision" things and told me that. "I forgot about you." No problem. I had heard that before. From my parents when they went on vacation. From my teachers when they counted me absent even though I was sitting right there. From my girlfriend when she forgot she was in a relationship and hooked up with my brother who - you guessed it - forgot I existed. No big deal, God. We all forget the unimportant things. He heard that internal monologue though, so he tried to make me feel better. I think. "You actually won't age... It's a bug, I've been working on it. But can you sit tight until the next reset?" I shrugged. Why not? What was the longest it could be? A few minutes? The two savages were headbutting a coconut to try to get it to open. My tropical Eden. Two pairs of sweaty balls and a woman with more hair on her face than me. "It'll be like... 10,000 years. Just sit tight." And then he was gone. 10,000 years? That was a bit longer than I bargained for. Especially 10,000 years of other people. Way too much socialization. So I did what awkward, forgotten, lonely people do. I went to talk to the pair of barbaric halfwits about sex. Just as a side note: two halfwits does not make a full-wit. It must be like multiplying fractions or something. You end up with a quarter-wit, at best. They just compound their stupidity. So that brought me to this comfy seat on a dead animal they had clubbed to death. Baba and Bobo sit in front of me like moronic children listening to an incompetent teacher. "You guys can't fuck," I tell them bluntly. Their faces drop in disappointment. They're holding hands. It's sickening. "I mean it. You're siblings. Or like, clones." I pointed at her. "You were made from his rib. Literally." That's why she was so dense. "What if do?" Why use more words when few words do trick, right? If I'm not fed up with everything and everybody by the time the television rolls around, I'll definitely re-create The Office. That won't happen though. Not if they listen to me. "Because last time that happened, it fucked everything up. Out popped the most deranged, psychotic, destructive race of incestual spawn that you could ever imagine." They squinted at me, probably getting lost somewhere between the first and second words. I tried some sign language but that just set them into a fit of giggles. "Eventually, they'll destroy the world. They'll fuck everything up. Just keep it clean. Hold hands, use your tongue, prance around like little ponies until you fall off a ledge and die. I don't care. Just no sex. Got it?" They stared at me unconvinced and finally nodded. Perfect. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 