
"Don't you ever get lonely?" I turn to find Tim seated next to me, an ice-cream in his hands. I ignore him, like what I have been doing for the past few weeks, and lean back unto the bench. The sun is slowly rising beyond the horizon, covering the water in its gentle sparkle. Tim, however, could never take a hint. He inches closer to me, perhaps thinking that a closer physical contact may make me more receptive to him. "I heard from the ice-cream man that you've been around for centuries now. How old are you exactly?" Normally, I would have walked away from busybodies like Tim, but I am feeling generous today. I tilt me head towards Tim. "About ten to fifteen thousand years old, give or take." He almost choked on his ice-cream. "Are you serious? You have been waiting for your soulmate for so long?" I smile at his question, before turning back to the sight before me. Tim is not the first to ask me that question and frankly, I never quite really know how to answer it. In our world, one tends to stop aging at thirty, remaining so until one finds their soulmate. Those who tend to be more romantic will end up finding theirs relatively early, embarking on grand quests just to find the one, while the more independent ones tend to wait around longer, between a couple of decades to centuries. There used to be those who wait for several millenniums, but with the advent of technology, millenniums have been few and far between. Me, on the other hand, is an extremely special case, for many reasons. "We've gotta help you find your soulmate then!" Tim suddenly blurts out. His ice-cream is gone. He is busy looking on his phone, browsing through SoulmateFinder.com, the site created for those who prefer a quicker way to finding their soulmate. I place my hand above Tim's. "Please, don't bother." I never believed in depending on technology, anyway. To me, it constituted cheating. Tim looks at me with a confused face. "But... but, why? Everyday I see you here, looking at the sea, alone." "Oh, I am finding alright," I tell him as I stand. "It's just that I prefer to take things slow." "But why?" Tim asks. I spot the ring on this finger, and chuckles. Young people like him would never understand. They are so impatient, so eager for instant results. I tilt my hat at Tim. "Because good things are worth the wait." -------------------- /r/dori_tales 