
"I am known as Gunslinger Gilbert, but you can call me Gil," announced the man in black leathers. "And I am here to challenge you," he pointed at me with a gloved finger, "to a battle to the death." People on the busy street turned their heads in our direction as they noticed the arsenal of guns that Gil had slung over his back. I sighed deeply, slightly irritated that Gil had interrupted my morning jog. "Hey, uhh Gil right?" I asked He nodded. "Maybe we should take this somewhere else?" I gestured to the busy morning traffic and to the pedestrians that were giving us a wide berth on the narrow sidewalk. "Somewhere with less people you know?" I prayed that he was the sensible type. "Oh yea, I know very well where this is going Jack," Gil nodded slowly with a stern expression on his face. "Oh really? T-that's good then," I said surprised. What an understanding gentleman, I thought. "I've heard the stories Jack, I ain't no fool." I frowned, puzzled. "Jack the Undefeated who has overcome thousands of battles against all odds with just sheer luck. We know the truth Jack. You are the man with the Devil's Luck," said Gil and smirked wickedly. *Thousands* of battles? Since when did that happen? I wondered. "I've done my research Jack," Gil said as he walked around me dramatically on the narrow street. "They say you like to take your challengers to an open field or some abandoned warehouse under the pretense that there would be no bystanders or obstacles in the way, but the truth is so that they can suffer a horrible fate." "Hey that's totally not-" "Warehouse collapses and the challenger dies eh? And you walk out without a scratch. Or even worse, death by a *ricocheting* bullet in the warehouse," Gil shook his head in disgust. "Hold up, that totally never happened," I said sharply but then I remembered that just last week, an old building that I had walked by had collapsed suddenly on itself. "That's not even the end of it. I've heard that those who you take to the open field suffer the most outrageous deaths. A meteorite falling out of the sky, or even *worse!* Compressed Spacetrash obliterating your enemies into smithereens." Gil stopped pacing around me, and spat on the floor. Then he gave me the a look of revolting disgust before pulling a hand cannon out from his back pocket. I raised my hands into the air, "Hey Gil, maybe those things did happen, but I just wanna say that I never meant any harm to anyone. *Ever.*" "Too little, too late Jack," he lifted the gun and pointed at my face. I closed my eyes. *Click.* I opened my eyes. "What the fuck?" he swore as he fumbled with the revolver. He tossed the revolver aside, and reached for an automatic rifle on his back. *Click,click,click,click.* Nothing. I watched patiently as Gil disassembled his gun, trying to pinpoint the problem. Suddenly I noticed out of the corner of my eye, an old lady trying to jaywalk across the busy street. Without even thinking I ran to help her. "Hey! Where the fuck do you think you're going Jack?!" shouted Gil as he tampered with his gun. I ignored him. "Hello ma'am, allow me," I smiled and gave her my arm. "A-ah thank you young man," she took my arm with her frail hands. With her hands on my arm, I lead the way across the busy street. Suddenly the elderly lady started screaming, with her eyes wide. Alarmed, I glanced around me and saw the disaster that lay before me. Dozens of cars had collided with one another around me. Some of the cars were flipped over and some of them were even stacked on top of one another like a house of cards. The elderly women had let go of my arm, still screaming. I realized that it was directed at me. "-have you done?! Don't you know you're suppose to check both ways before crossing the street?!" she screeched. "Oh..." I said thoughtfully. "Why would I do that?" --------- /r/Em_pathy 