
I screamed like a little girl. If being dragged through a portal by an honest to god demon - horns, red skin, the whole shabang, doesn't call for screaming like a little girl, I don't know what does. I'd been sleeping on my friend's couch in New York City. Couch is putting it a bit generously in fact, I had to basically curl into a ball to fit. I mean, then again, I was homeless, so it wasn't like I could judge his choice of furniture. Regardless, I'd been staring out the window looking at the snow fall, and contemplating the usual questions of my life. "Why me?" "Why this?" "Fuck me?" You know, the usual. And then this circle of pure, fiery orange opened up at the foot of my sofa and this tiny little two foot tall demon came out of it. It really says something about my life that I didn't flinch. My first thought immediately went to the coffee my friend had made for me. He'd probably laced it with some hallucinogen or something as a joke. And then I'd felt the heat emanating from the portal, and the demon's tiny little wrist wrap around my ankle, and I knew it was real. Hence the screaming and all that. Despite my best efforts, the midget demon (did I just say the words "midget demon?") dragged me into the portal. I stopped struggling and blinked, trying to understand what was in front of me. The shapes, the fire that wasn't quite fire, the ground that wasn't quite the ground. "Oh for Kos's sake, put a blindfold on it, its brain will probably explode looking at 13 dimensions after looking at four all its life." And just like that I couldn't see anything. I breathed a sigh of relief. And it really said something about the situation, that I could breathe a sigh of relief in literally hell after being kidnapped by demons. "All right, human, I'll keep it short," a voice said. Presumably the first demon. "You are a failure. You are pathetic even by human standards. You will get nowhere in life, and likely die of substance overdose or suicide within the next five years." I just nodded. As far as insults go, this demon was an amateur. "But we can change that," the second demon, the one who'd asked for the blindfold said. "Accept our bargain. We will give you motivation." "Um," I said. "Motivation?" "Even the human doesn't buy it," the first demon said in glee. The second demon ignored the jibe. "I will give you motivation, motivation to succeed, to do something, and let you go back. Then we will see if you can turn your life around in ten years." "You won't," the first demon said. "Wait," I said. "Don't I get a say?" There was silence for a moment and then a roaring sound. I cringed, cursing myself for opening by big fat mouth, before realizing they were laughing, not trying to kill me. "Oh, that's rich," the first demon said. "Choice! That's too good." It descended into laughter again. The second demon spoke again. "Well our business is done with, human. See you in ten years." And just like that I was back in that dingy apartment with the poor excuse of a couch. I looked around and saw the apartment as if for the first time. The cracked plaster, the fading paint. I hadn't quite realized how shitty it all was. How much I hated this. The whole thing had probably been some sort of fever dream, my subconscious calling out to me. But I was done with this. I wouldn't live like this. I pointedly ignored the singed hair around my ankle where the demon had grabbed me. *** (minor edits) Due to popular demand, [Part 2: Ten Years Later](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/comments/83ikwn/fiction_10_years_later_demonic_bet_2/) If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 