
"Get behind the sofa," I say as the television screen turns on to static. I've never been the best big brother, and how could I? Sophia was too energetic for even my parents to hold down. But I prayed to God that she listened. "What happened on the phone?" she asked. I stared at it, still in my hand. "I don't know. But maybe something bad." "What bad? Did you call Mom and Dad?" *Don't talk to anyone, kid. We don't know enough yet. Stay where you are,* the officer had said. And then the scream. And then no one had picked up when I called back. "They didn't answer." She crawled behind the sofa, finally. I turned off all the lights in the kitchen and living room, and then joined her myself. She looked up at me with big, scared eyes, a sight I hadn't seen when she was four and a daddy long-legs had crawled into our little pool. "Are we going to be okay?" "Of course, Sophie. Do you believe me?" She nodded, and put her arms around me. We sat like that for quite some time, staring into the darkness, hoping it stayed black and formless. - A knock on the door. As I wake up, I hear the dull tap-tap of rain outside. Silently, I walk to the door. "Hello?" I finally ask. A shaky voice, unmistakable. "It's me, mommy." "I thought you guys were in the city?" "We had to come back. Oh, it's so horrible, honey! Let us in! We can be safe together." I look through the peephole. With the lights off, I can't see anything other than two dark figures, their outlines like those in impressionist paintings. "I don't know if I can do that." "Why?" "How do I know you're my mom?" "Listen to me, honey!" Sophie, grabbing my leg. "Open it," she says. "We can't." "Sophie, is that you?" I look at her, shaking my head. "Mommy?" "Sophie, honey, listen to me! You need to let mommy in right now! Mommy wants to see you, and hug you. I've been so worried..." I pick up Sophie, and carry her away. "Sophie, listen to me," I say. "You have to trust me. Don't open the door." She looks at me, her eyes as wide as ever. "Sophie, please!" I turn to look at the door, and it all happens at once. A bang on the door. Sophie slipping through my arms. Sophie at the door, unlocking it... - I finish the cigarette, and stub it out. More ashes for the wasteland. It's been five months since I lost my little sister. And who knows how many more days until I get her back. I make sure my gun is loaded, and trudge on, into the unblinking sun, into the depths of hell on earth. - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 