
"Alright, lad. End o' the line." As I open my eyes, I realize that I'm sitting in front of an old, friendly-looking man with hair as white as the freshest milk, a big, fluffy beard and blue eyes that seemed to stare into the deepest corners of your soul. Looking around, I see that we're the only ones here. "How was the ride? Did ye enjoy it?" asked the man with a calming warmth in his voice. "What are you referring to?" I asked, puzzled as anyone would be, had they been in my situation. "Ah, this be that memory error again. I bet ye don't even know who I am right now. That doesn't matter. Yer life, sonny. Did ye like it?" the man clarified, his smile even wider now, his face showing his genuine curiosity. "Yeah. It was a bit short, though. I don't remember how it ended exactly, but I didn't expect it." I said, trying to recall details from what apparently was my past life. "Well, that's the beauty of it, innit? A little surprise to keep ye on yer toes. Anyways, do ye have any feedback fer me?" the man continued his inquiries. "There was way too much violence, especially in the Middle East. People took politics way too seriously, and overall, people are pretty vile if you think about it." I gave him an honest response. "Nah, sonny. Ye just gotta find the good in them. After all, ye'll see the world through everyone's point o' view 'till we're done. I'm assumin' ye wanna go again. Care ta tell me what time period and location ye want?" the man then looked into the control panel of the ride, then looked back at me, awaiting my answer. "Umm, what about Ancient Egypt? I always thought that was interesting." I said, while thinking that all this *couldn't* be real, and that this man was just pulling my leg. "Sure thing, sonny!" he replied heartily. The man pressed a button and I actually started fading away, hearing some tense people talking. I assumed that was my birth, but as it is, I knew I wouldn't remember. "Ye have time for one question before we meet again, sonny. Shoot quickly!" the man shouted, as the people talking were louder and louder. "Who are you?" I screamed back, eager to know the name of the one that gave me another shot at life. "On yer ride, they call me many names. Let's just say I'm yer friend." The man smiled again, waving goodbye. A bright light. Happy people. I was born again. 