
My death was pretty uneventful. Car crash on my way back from the Black Hat USA convention. Nothing special about it. One moment I was staring at my laptop screen while my girlfriend drove, the next moment, the airbag was shoving the now broken screen of my laptop deep into my chest. Lots of pain, lots of blood, blah blah. Yeah, yeah, airbags are dangerous. Whatever. After this, I saw the usual tunnel, bright light, all boring and pretty stereotyped. Seriously, could this death be any more boring, average and cliched? Well, that's where things changed. I reached the light, and it faded out, allowing me to see where I was. I was standing in front of this big infinity mirror. I look behind me and yep, there's another mirror. Right side and left? Yep, more mirrors. All reflecting away into forever. Ok, now that was a little cool. Especially since I didn't reflect in them. There was a faint golden glow around the mirrors in front of me reflecting on and on forever. Behind me, there was a faint reddish glow, also reflected over and over. The red glow was a bit unsettling. The right and left sides had no glow at all. Perhaps an unsettling darkness around the edges. Or was that just because of the lack of a glow. The one thing that didn't seem to reflect, well besides me, was a question. It showed there on the glass in front of me. Six words, in large type, the letters glowing brightly. "What Would You Like To Know?" I looked hard for anything else, any fine print, any rules or stipulations, but nothing else had appeared. That both intrigued me, and frustrated me. At least I was well used to figuring out the limitations to everything. It's kind of what I did. Life of a hacker and all that. "Hmm, infinity, and an offer of knowledge. So that's infinite knowledge then?" Ok, now things were definitely starting to get cool. After considering the question for a bit, I decided to test the limits first, all the while hoping this wasn't a "limit one question per person" kind of thing. I mean, when offered "infinite knowledge," I guess it's just in my nature to immediately test how "infinite" it really is. In fact, just thinking about it, my whole life had been about testing limits. Testing my limits, testing the limits of network security, testing the limits of my parents/teachers/friends patience. My personal favorite was testing the limits of the game engine of whatever I was most recently playing. You name it, if it was a limit, I probably felt the need to test it. So I asked my question. The one designed quite on the spur of the moment to test this system. "What is the last digit of Pi?" The glowing words disappeared. A scroll of text flowed across the mirror, much too fast to read, and then, a command prompt. Seriously, it looked like an old MS Dos prompt. A keyboard even appeared at the bottom! My thoughts were shocked and conflicted. Heaven and Hell use Microsoft software as an OS? Seriously? Well, that did explain quite a few things. No, screw that, it explained *everything.* I briefly wondered if they licensed the software from Microsoft, or if it was the other way around. I mean, who really deserved the credit and blame for that? Then the thought occurred to me, was it really licensed? I couldn't decide which idea was more hilarious, Microsoft pirating it originally from Heaven and Hell, or Heaven and Hell pirating it from Microsoft. After I finally stopped laughing, I thought about just what I wanted to do. Many ideas crossed my mind, but one in particular stood out. "Let's see just how archaic this OS is." I wondered out loud. One short character string was typed. deltree /y C:*.* Then I pressed enter. Knowing that if it was old enough, there goes *everything.* To my utter shock, the command actually ran. Maybe that wasn't my smartest idea ever. Oh well, too late now. I quietly wondered if they *ever* made backups of the universe, and if they did, would I still have command access... 