
The equation was right, rather, it was just. From a mixture of variables, powers, integrals, iterated logarithms, confluent hypergeometric sequences, and recursive Ackermann functions, it would output justice itself. A single name targeted for divine retribution. But there was no God, only Jackson Emerson and he took it on himself not to waste the equation. The new output was spelled out in binary--Aaron Cofferman. And so without question and without hesitation, Jackson Emerson travelled across the country to Aaron Cofferman's house and pick locked the front door. The door creaked open, revealing a worn leather couch alit with only the blue light of a TV screen. Aaron sat on the couch in a hooded sweatshirt absolutely still. "Hello," Aaron said, not bother to turn away from the screen. "I was wondering when you would show up." Jackson crunched his brow, but stayed silent. He tiptoed through glossed hardwood, ziptie already looped in the diameter of Aaron's head. "I thought I was the only one," Aaron continued, his voice almost metallic. "I thought that nobody else had solved the equation. And then I saw the news--a serial killer going around the country seemingly at random. But both of us know that there's nothing random about the equation." At last, Jackson arrived within arm's reach of Aaron. In a single motion, he looped the zip tie over Aaron's neck and pulled. Aaron didn't struggle, in fact, his head fell off revealing the hooded figure to be only a mannequin with a radio. "Let me ask you something, Jackson Emerson." This time, the voice resounded throughout the house, from every wall and every corner. "Why do you follow the equation? Is it because it whispers names of the damned? Rapists. Murderers. Pedophiles. Predators. All of them despicable people targeted for divine punishment. Right?" "I check every one," Jackson said, breaking his silence. "The equation has never been wrong." "Of course, because the equation is always right. But you have not been." The TV flickered and a whiteboard appeared on it, lit by a single lightbulb and hung off cracked cement walls more stained than the teeth of a lifelong smoker. It outlined the equation, broke it down into its separate parts and identified all its variables. "Like you, I am also a man of faith," Aaron said. "I have faith in you. Which is why I won't hide." Footsteps sounded from the kitchen and Jackson twisted toward it. A gleaming smile materialized from the shadows and then a man soon followed. "I have faith that you, when the time comes, will do the *correct* thing," Aaron said. "Let me start with the three assumptions you have gotten correct. First, this is my house and it was my name that showed up in your equation. Second, the equation is most certainly divine and right." Jackson's eyes flickered from one dark corner to the next, wondering what trick Aaron had up his sleeves. This was the first time anyone had challenged him so openly. "If you're also a man of faith," Jackson said, his toes dug in and legs coiled. "You should've killed yourself by now." "That is correct!" Aaron exclaimed, giving Jackson a small clap. "Now, if you look at the TV, you'll realize why I haven't yet." Jackson flicked his eyes to the TV and then back at Aaron who only chuckled. With a small sigh, he walked into the living room and took a seat by the television, his smug smile still spread across his cheeks. He raised his brow at Jackson as if to say *better?* Jackson had planned on keeping an eye on Aaron, but he found himself drawn into the TV screen. The equation had been analyzed to a degree even more stringent than his own. And in that analysis, there was a difference. Slight, but it changed everything. "Do you finally get it?" Aaron asked. "This can't be right," Jackson muttered, re-doing all his past calculations. Not a single person he had killed was mentioned in the equation. "But it is! I know it is because we've been doing the same job. I simply solved the equation correctly. And that brings me to the third assumption you got correct--I am most definitely due for divine retribution, because I have been solving the equation correctly." "Today's output..." Jackson could barely push the words out of his throat. Aaron simply nodded. Somehow it was possible that his smile stretched even further. "Jackson Emerson." Jackson's breath caught. The zip tie fell from his hands as his trembling knees finally gave. "Why?" Aaron shrugged. "I'm a man of faith. I'm not one to question the divine. But perhaps rightness isn't the same as goodness. Maybe your faith has been for the good of mankind, but not right for it"--he shrugged as he stepped up to Jackson--"I don't know. Don't really care either. I just enjoy killing people." Jackson couldn't tear his eyes off the TV screen. All he could do was re-calculate the equation over and over again, begging for a single person that he had killed to come up in the correct equation. He calculated all the way until the zip tie went around his neck. --- --- /r/jraywang for 200+ stories! 