
Through my scope I can see a parade of people standing by while *he* drives carelessly in between. They all look so happy to see him, he shining pillar of moral perfection that they've chosen, passing through them as if he were normal. They think that, maybe, if they can get close enough some of his golden perfection might rub off on them. Maybe, if they can get a good enough look they too could be like him. But it's not him that they're cheering for. These people are aren't cheering for John Kennedy. They're cheering for the office of the president, for the symbol of everything America is supposed to stand for. They're clapping their hands for the lips that said we could go to the moon, for the legs that pioneered racial progress at his inaugural ball. But if they had seen what his hands had done their would stop and they would look on in shame. It was never a secret that I disliked the president. I just wish that he could have kept the same level of openness about his feelings towards me. Every time something bad has happened to me, he's there with that same clueless look on his face and the same excuses every fucking time. On a trip to my marine base, the kid thought it was fine to mess around with my gun. I still remember the goofy grin he had on his face when he mimed shooting me with it. Even worse is the look he had on his face when he actually pulled the trigger: surprise. As if he through the guns on a military base wouldn't be loaded. Still fills me with rage to this day, though that probably goes without saying. Of course, nothing was done about it. Nobody ever even considered punishing him. The sergeant that was there at the time said that I had shot myself, as if I was stupid enough to put a bullet wound in my own arm. According to the court marshal, I was. I got put in the brig for complaining about that one. To be honest, I'd let it go after a year. The memory of that kid was pushed so far out of my head that I scarcely even though about him. Then I saw him show up on the tube, running for president. Then I saw him win and get sworn in. That idiot kid that shot me in the arm hardly a year ago was now in charge of not just the marines, but the entire military. I will stand for a lot of things. I can put up with pain, medical bills, weeks of shaming, demotion, and a week of incarceration. I am a forgiving man, and I was willing to let it all go. I had let it all go. But now... now it's bigger than me. I will not tolerate incompetence in my military, in my country, and in the government. This ends now. Let it be known by those who will ask why I did it, be it known days, weeks, or even years after I succeed in my goal: I do this because I know the true character of your president. I shoot because Kennedy shot first. ------------------------------------ While parts of this bit take obvious creative liberties, it is a fact that Lee Harvey Oswald was court marshaled [three times during his time in the marine for shooting himself in the arm, arguing with a sergeant that he suspected to be involved with the initial punishment, and discharging a firearm without permission](https://historical.ha.com/itm/autographs/celebrities/lee-harvey-oswald-courts-martial-documents-lee-harvey-oswald-s-military-career-was-marred-by-two-courts-martial-both-of-wh-total-4-items-/a/692-35183.s#). He was demoted and placed in the brig for this. I'm not really a history buff, so I'm not really sure on the specifics of this(hopefully at least this bit is accurate), but I thought it would be interesting to do a google search and try to incorporate some real life events into the story beyond JFK's shooting. 