
Journal entry, January 8th, 2189: I've been commissioned to investigate the strange phenomenon of everyone receiving the same death date of December 31st, 2199. Its an occurrence that has happened for most between 2150-2189. It was noted in records as early as 2120, but surviving from 2120 to 2199 was seen as quite a good situation, so was not questioned. Those born from 2140-ish onward began to question why the majority had the same death date, and even more worrying as children who received the same death date as their parents raised significant questions. Journal entry, Jan 8th, 2194: Five years have passed since the beginning of my investigation. Whether it be pertinent to the investigation or not, I shall document my findings up until this point: -this seems to affect 3rd world countries less. Their life expectancy is lower, and their results show this. Their 80% of same death date only occurs only roughly 50-60 years before the end death date- compared with the 70-80 years of more economically developed countries. An interesting find, but no closer to finding out the reason for the death date. With this in mind, we can rule out geographical issues such as localised warfare. At this stage, we cannot rule out global warfare, as this still has potential. - The death date does not include suicides, murders, accidental deaths;looking at previous reports of murders and suicides, these all had dates pertaining the the act described-if they were due to die on a date before December 31st 2199, they did. So this only discounts these people. -Space agencies from across the globe have been tracking entities through space since the early 2000's. As much as they can predict the trajectories of asteroids and comets 5 years in the future, there are no known celestial bodies getting close enough to our planet near that date to cause alarm. We should- as far as we know- be safe to rule out cataclysm from a large asteroid impact, the same thing believed to cause the extinction of the dinosaurs. Journal entry 3, January 8th, *2200* As soon as everyone woke on January 1st( I don't imagine many slept at all) and realised the date was wrong. People started to question whether the death date system was working properly and/or wanted a correct death date. So I investigated that route. Turn out the guy who had created the original death date program didn't think it would be of much value. He only gave it a 200 year-run period, of which the last date available was-guess what- December 31st 2199. *edited since I messed up the date. I may have been drinking, since it's Christmas. 