
**Please let me know what you think!** Fowlference the Oblivious sighed as his stomach growled again. He had spent a great many hours trying to understand the various uses for a dragon's scales. But it seemed to be for naught. He paused outside a building as the smell of fresh bread and meat filtered into the air. He could have sworn that the inn hadn't been there when he had last come for supplies ten days ago. And it certainly hadn't been there when he had come through the town five months ago to reach the abandoned monastery he had made his home. Not that Fowlference had been known for his keen powers of observation. Once he became immersed in his studies, he rarely bothered with the world around him. But it struck him as a little odd that he hadn't noticed this rather large building in the middle of the town. For that matter, he hardly recognised the town. He had vague memories of a small village with a tiny square and some ramshackle houses. No doubt the village had been something that he had come across elsewhere on his journey. A girl wandered out of the inn, broom in hand, muttering to herself. She stopped, gaping, when she saw Fowlference. "Young woman," he greeted, with the solemnity that befitted a wizard. The girl dropped her broom. "Papa! The wizard's back! The wizard's back!" Fowlference frowned. A man, dressed in clothes finer than that of most peasants, ran out, nearly knocking over the girl in his haste. "Lord Wizard! We humbly welcome you." The man bowed, so low that his head nearly touched the ground. Fowlference squinted at the man. He seemed vaguely familiar. "Have we met?" "Yes, Lord Wizard. On your last journey to the town." Fowlference vaguely remembered a balding head and a red face, crying with delight. He smiled a little. He had thought the man younger, but Fowlference had never been a good judge of age. "The man with the sick daughter. How does she fare?" "As you can see, my lord," the man said, flapping his arm at the girl, "she is well. Because of your wisdom." "It was only a simple sickness," Fowlference said, frowning at the girl. "I say, weren't you smaller, then?" The girl blinked. "Yes. I have grown since then." Fowlference scratched his head. The little girl had certainly grown in ten days! He had heard that children often grew quickly, but he hadn't realised how quickly. "Out of my way," someone yelled imperiously. "I must see this wizard at once!" The innkeeper hastily moved away, pulling his protesting daughter with him. Yet another man, in much finer robes, strode through the doorway. His haughty stare instantly irritated Fowlference. No doubt some local lord with an inflated sense of his own importance. "This is him?" the lord asked the innkeeper scornfully. "He looks barely older than I am!" Fowlference bristled. "It's him!" the innkeeper babbled. "I swear on the gods, it is him. I have seen him before. He saved my daughter's life!" The lord studied Fowlference with interest. "A great wizard you must be, to have kept yourself looking so young." Fowlference had barely seen twenty summers, but he decided that was no one's business but his own. "I am what I am," he said, hoping that he sounded suitably cryptic. The lord stared, his stance softening slightly. "I do not doubt that, wizard. I have heard of your wisdom and your powers. I wish to consult with you on a matter of importance." "It's that bloody griffin again, isn't it?" Fowlference said with a sigh. "I keep telling them to stop feeding it fish." The lord stumbled back, as though struck. "Of course! That's their plot!" Fowlference fumbled with the pouch at his waist, and pulled out a small bundle of herbs. "Here. Mix it with grain and pig's milk and feed it to the griffin. It'll be calm again soon enough." "It shall be done, wizard. And I have no doubt that my noble steed will once again consent to being ridden into battle. And what of payment?" Fowlference waved his hand. "Supplies and a promise that my studies won't be disturbed. I can't be having with this, you know! I'm so close to understanding the magic of a dragon's scales." The lord bowed. "As you wish, wizard. The bargain is struck." --- Henri, King of Measrea and the Conqueror of a Thousand Lands, Vanquisher of Tyrants, watching the wizard walk away, muttering to himself and carrying a sackful of supplies. He had refused all offers of assistance from Henri's guards. "Every ten years, you say?" he asked. "Every ten years," the innkeeper agreed. "For a century and a half. And he has never aged in that time." "Pray tell, innkeeper. Where does the old wizard live?" "In a cursed monastery, my lord. According to local legend, its inhabitants offended a god and were punished. They were seen once after their punishment, years later. They were babbling and mad." Henri sighed with frustration. He had asked for a simple answer, not local superstitions. No doubt the wizard had spread half of these stories so that he wouldn't be bothered. Henri had every intention of keeping his word to the wizard. In any case, he had no time to disturb the man. He had yet another land to conquer and another tyrant to vanquish. But first, he had to find and punish the traitor who had poisoned his griffin. /r/YarnsToTell 