
I arrived in town around 8 as usual. Ideally my father would come to town to pick up supplies so I wouldn't have to, but he insists I learn how to interact with folks who aren't farmers. So far, all I've learned is that I hate them. All their focus on money and possessions seems absurd to me. I'm a simple man. Animals and plants are more than enough company, and nothing can beat the satisfaction of a good day's work on the farm. That's why I like to come to town as early as possible and leave as quickly as possible. The lazy townsfolk seem to get out of their houses only after 10, wasting a good several hours of daylight. So imagine my surprise when I found a huge crowd right outside the hardware store. They were milling around, sipping hot drinks and chatting amongst themselves. I had a brief moment of panic as I wondered if the store was closing for some reason. Perhaps people were buying as much of the inventory as they could before the store shut down. But, I realized, it wouldn't make sense why the crowd was waiting outside the store, and not shopping inside. As I got out of my truck and walked towards the front of the store, a few people noticed me and immediately started pointing towards me and shouting. I felt a pit in my stomach - of course all the townspeople wanted to do was to make fun of the farmer. I remember one day back in school a few years ago, a group of kids from the town rode up and threw eggs at us as they mocked us for working the farm. I felt a flash of rage as I braced myself for the taunting soon to come. To my surprise, however, as I neared the group, the people greeted me with warm smiles. A lady, flanked by a crew carrying two enormous cameras, burst through the crowd and began speaking a mile a minute: "Hello John. My name is Ann and I'm with TWN-1. It's great to see you today morning. How are you feeling today in light of the discovery? Had you known you were the son of Mr. Bates? Do you plan to remain on your farm or join your father in New York?" "I...uh...I think you have the wrong person. Sorry." I tried wading through the crowd but the lady blocked my way. "Please Mr. Bates. I know you're a very busy man, but we would all really appreciate the chance to learn more about you. As I'm sure you know, hardly anything interesting happens in this area, and when something finally does it seems awfully rude to refuse to talk to us for just a few minutes." Around me, I could see people nodding their heads in agreement and frowning. "Umm. Ok. But I really think you have the wrong person. Joe Last is my father, not some guy named Mr. Bates." The lady laughed at that. Then she looked into the camera and said "Well, folks, it appears Mr. Bates hasn't heard the exciting news yet!" She turned towards me. "Mr. Bates, as you know, every year the government publishes a list of the wealthiest people in America." I had no idea a list like that was published, but I nodded anyways. "You became eligible for the list on your 18th birthday and yesterday we all found out that you're worth nearly ten billion dollars! Mr. Bates claimed you as his son at a press conference a few hours ago and is flying down to visit you as we speak. Isn't that terrific!?!" The lady smiled and looked at me expectantly. I...didn't know what to say. This was all too much. Joe Last was my father...but how could all these people be mistaken? "I...thank you for the information. If you'll just excuse me." I turned around and bolted back towards my truck. Behind me I could hear shouting and the sound of people following me. But there was only one thought in my mind. I needed to have a chat with Joe Last. 