
The problem wasn't that the humans were there. The problem was that their myriad of cultures had developed forth and sent everyone of their champions with them. While, say, The Tarsary, who were known for exemplification in the culinary arts, and a diverse selection of pan flutes, programming, and general dance would send a handful of their best athletes, The humans took on a completely different, and altogether more annoying tactic. For every single olympic event, they sent at least one person. While Humanity was from a far flung corner of the universe that didn't interact much with others, (not from lack of trying, but simply intergalactic positioning made their trade mostly insular, with their nearest partners being uplifted races of their own creation) it was during the olympics that they put on display everything a human could do. And it wasn't that humans were even that good at the obscure sport of Carnellis, where people slung deactivated land mines across the surface of pools of lime-water, with the intention of knocking other floating land mines away from the center of the pool, (based, of course, on the legendary toss made by Lord Tynellis, whose brave action during the battle of Trennori saved his father's vessel from being breached by separatists.) nor was it that humans were particularly good at most of the games on display. It was simply sheer force of will. Every human that arrived was in the peak of condition for the sport. And it wasn't even that they were rude about it either. This is the height of human culture; in the large macroscopic view of the galaxy, they weren't exceptional at almost anything they tried. The galactic standard, in their bizarre way. The Jovi were the masters of culinary craft, but the human chefs would manage at least a bronze almost every time, putting together some bastardized version of the best cuisine in the galaxy, haphazardly assembling things in a manner that pleased even the segmented eyes of the judges, clicking their pedipalps against one another in preparation. But what was exceptional was that despite never, in the history of their attendance, sweeping the golds, or the platinums, or even the electrium metals, the humans never give up. So it was that every year the humans arrived, there was only one winner for most total medals earned per species; Humanity. All brass, bronze, copper, and a few other lesser medals, but every year, they beat everyone else out in sheer volume of competition. Then they throw the best damn parties in the universe. The Olympic authority would like to remind you that the Peace Office will be checking IDs at the door this year, so if you would all please not set the city on fire this time.... And don't take the humans up on their own sports. Satellite Jousting is not as big of a joke as they would have you believe. Thank you for tuning into Your Astral Olympic Channel. We welcome you to tell us what you think with your tablets about our experimental history segment. And now, for the games! ----- https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ for more tiny bits like this. Part 2 https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/comments/8fmtoo/space_olympics_2_there_will_be_jousting/ okay so someone wanted more of this have some space jousting 