
Sweat pours down your brow as you dig another piton into the stony face of the cliff. Your muscles ache and your stomach growls with protest, but you hook up your rope and keep on climbing. Because you've been imbued with purpose, and that village won't save itself. It's a Class Two world, with a rural population. They write myths about you. They see you as a god from the skies. Maybe you are. The tech limitations keep you from bringing any equipment above level two onto the planet, so you're here saving the locals with what amounts to a sharp metal stick and a round metal shield. Wouldn't stop a plasma bolt, but it does okay against arrows. On this world, that's all you need. You tap the memory recorder at your earlobe - it's a habitual action now. It's the one piece of advanced equipment you're allowed to keep, and you'd rather die than have it fall out. When you finally reach the top of the cliff, a cave surrounded by tall purple grass awaits. A little river leads to a waterfall that falls for hundreds of meters, back where you came. The village is a tiny speck from here. A dragon - an honest-to-god dragon - roars in protest as you approach the mouth of the cave. It's not really a dragon, of course, but the parallels to early human mythology are uncanny. It's an elegant beast of green scales and wings, and there's an unsettling intelligence in its glowing eyes. It spreads its wings and spits a gout of acid at you. With your enhanced musculature and reflexes, you dodge it easily. You swipe at it with your sword, but it's hardly going to be that easy - it clanks against the beast's scaly hide ineffectually. It swipes at you with its claws, but you roll forward, coming up with the sword - and thrust into its underbelly, where its scales are thinner. The metal penetrates, if only a little, and greenish blood stains your blade. The beast roars in pain, and you feel a pang of regret at having to kill such a beautiful creature. But not too much. If left unchecked, the beast will continue to prey upon the local villages' herds and children, and the conservationists of the UEG are very clear - sapients take priority over local fauna. The beast roars again, spewing a stream of death, but its acid bladder's almost depleted, and your info from the locals tells you it'll take hours to refill. You charge forward just as the stream of acid runs dry, and raise your sword - And you're in a metal room with a neurostim strapped to your forehead. It'll be 500 credits to continue. Do you wish to confirm the payment? --- I'm thinking of turning this story into a series, following the memories of a human adventurer. If you'd like to see more of this memory and learn more about this world, [click here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/bnnj0q/oc_memories_of_a_human_adventurer_1/) *Want to stay updated on this story? Subscribe to* /r/OneMillionWords 