
I feel... strange. We'll go over soon. We'll die soon. I wait to hear the screech of the Captain's whistle. The voice of the angel of death. It will scream out across the cold night sky, and we will follow its voice, charging into misery. There is no dignity in this fight. I know that now. We'll scream and cry. We'll roll in blood, piss and shit. We'll gurgle and choke on our own blood. The last noise we ever give to this depraved world. I feel my legs shake. How they still hold me, I do not know. I'd throw up, but there's nothing left to give. I have learnt to live with the empty retches that plague me day and night. Nothing feels right, save for one thing. The Hun. Those fucking evil Huns. I want to kill one before I die. I want to watch the life fade from his wretched eyes, like I have with so many of my friends, ripped to shreds my German fire. German fire... those blasted machine guns. They rip us to shreds in no man's land. Top brass say they hear the laughs of the Hun as they slaughter us, howling to the sky as we scream in a land littered with the bodies of friends... and family. I wasn't sure to believe it at first. Command will say anything to rile the boys up. But I do now. I believe it now. Ypres. The gas. I never knew it possible. It crept across the battlefield, a yellow mist of malevolence. We watched it. We thought little of it. We thought it mist, with the hue of the dirt. We didn't know. It gets inside you, chokes you from the inside. Least, that's what I could make of it. I watched Mac claw at his throat as he gasped for breath, blood tricking from his mouth as his he cried panicked tears. He clawed at his throat till he ripped the skin, but it was no use. We didn't know what to do, how to help. We heaved him from the trench, carrying him back as far as we could. In the end... in the end John shot him. Mac, the fifteen year old who lied to enlist, dying to a gunshot from his own friend, as he drowned in his own blood and mucus, in some godforsaken hellhole. John died two days later. Gas got him too, just took longer to bring him down. Tough as nails, John, he fought it like a champ. He died crying for his mother. At least, that's what it sounded like. Only the evil can wreak that on their fellow man. Only the wretched. Malevolence manifest. I'll kill those Hun before I die. I'll watch him bleed. I'll watch him cry. There's the whistle. - What? What happened? Where am I? I... I'm at the machine gun? They're charging at us? Has my sanity broke? Did I crack? I needn't bother to shoot, their charge has failed. The last of them crawl in the crimson mud, desperately trying to hide behind the bodies of their fallen brothers. One of them reaches a body, propping it up to protect himself. It's... It's. That's. That's me. That's me he's propping up. So I have cracked. Or I am dead, and this is Hell. I loosen my grip from the gun and step back, tumbling down into the trench. I land with a thud, and struggle to my feet as I feel the familiar taste of bile creep up my throat. That's when I finally notice it. German words. German people. The Hun. They're all around me, running past me without a second glance. They're just like us - English? I hear English? I swivel to find it. It's above me. I scramble to the top of the trench and see him. I don't know his face. He's young, sickeningly so. He's caught on the barbed wire, skin lacerated and clothes torn as he struggles pathetically to free himself. His leg is all but gone, another victim of a mine or some ghastly bombardment. He's crying, begging. And... there is a German. He consoles him. He feeds him water from his canteen. He strokes the tears from his face and whispers soothing words that I do not know. He cries with him. But they were laughing? They used that wretched gas? They're... they're evil. But he is crying. - r/ShittyStoryCreator :) 