
One of my favorite sounds in the world is the happy laughter or squealing from my daughter. Unfortunately right now I couldn't enjoy it because I was struck dumb by the object of her happiness. In the front lawn stood a pony, or a horse I never quite could the difference sometimes, and I had no idea why it was there much less how. It was a beautiful animal, glossy black coat with a fiery red mane. Yet something seemed off. It's eyes glowed with an eerie yellow light that belied a hidden intelligence. That and it breathed fire that melted patches of snow, those were really odd traits. So enthralled by the sight I didn't stop my daughter from running out the door. She ran straight to the pony and threw her arms around its neck, hugging it tightly laughing happily. Thankfully the horse didn't breathe fire on her, if anything it looked like it enjoyed the attention and nuzzled her back. "Stephen...what on Earth..." my wife gasped at the sight, wrapping herself in her bathrobe. "Where did that...pony...come from?" I shook my head in disbelief and when I took a step forward my foot hit a package on the stoop. I bent over and picked it up, huffing at the weight and looked curiously at the old fashioned writing on the brown paper covering. "Maybe this will have some answers. Alice sweetie," I called to my daughter, "Why don't you come back and out on some warmer clothes. Then you can lead the...pony to the back yard okay?" She grinned through her happy tears and nodded. She patted the pony's neck and raced back inside stopping only to hug her mother and I. Squealing thanks she changed at light speed and ran back out. The pony waited patiently and followed her like a trained dog into the back yard. Thankfully here in the country we had the room for animals and it was soon running happily around, being chased and playfully chasing back Alice who shrieked with glee. We stood in the warm house, watching an almost perfectly normal scene play out before us. I opened the package and drew forth an old fashioned sheaf of parchment paper, heavy and also written on with old fashioned hand writing. The rest of the package was a heavy red bound leather book, a comb made of dark stone, and some leads and bridles. I started to read the letter, eyes widening in shock. My hands shook as I read and soon my wife saw my expression. "Stephen. What's wrong?" "Well, remember what I told Alice to do a few weeks ago?" My voice trembled lightly as I spoke. "Of course. To write to Santa for a pony. I wonder who the generous Santa is. And where on earth did he find that...pony." "Well....maybe it's more safe to say the pony was found under the earth." She looked at me, eyebrow curling with confusion. "What does that mean?" I coughed hesitantly. "Well. Apparently we should have read Alice's letter a little more carefully. She uh, didn't write to Santa so much as..." I handed her the letter. She took it from me and started to read. "SATAN?!" she practically shrieked as she read the top part. She looked at me as if begging me to say it was a joke and I motioned for her to continue, mind reeling from what I read. *To Mr and Mrs Greyfax. I do want to thank you for allowing Alice to write to me. She has lovely penmanship for her age and as you might imagine I don't receive as much pleasant mail. Don't you worry. This pony is a very docile breed and will not grow much larger than it is. It eats mortal fodder much like its terrestrial cousins and is generally a well behaved animal. I made sure to pick the nicest one in the herd. Of course there will need to be some training but I imagine Alice is up to the task. I enclosed some things for the pony as well as a book on care.* My wife's eyes were as round as saucers and she looked at me fearfully. I could only hug her close as she continued to read. *Also I cleared things with Santa as well as God. They thought her letter was very nice as well and give their blessings in letting her have a Hell pony. Also don't worry. This doesn't constitute an act of satanism. It's a Christianly act to be so pleasant and understanding and I have no problems rewarding such outstanding behavior. You are a credit to her behavior as fine parents. If you have any questions do feel free to send a letter. Merry Christmas!* We stood and stared at the letter, half expecting it to burst into flames or do something equally horrid or supernatural. Nothing happened and we just looked at the cheery signature of *Lucifer, also known as the devil/Satan*. We gazed out the window and continued to watch Alice romp around in the snow with the Hell pony, laughing with delight as it huffed hot air at her, melting the snow. "Wha-what do we do?" my wife asked, voice filled with wonder. "I guess keep the pony as long as Alice takes good care of it." My reply felt too normal for the situation and we chuckled at the strangeness of things. "And...maybe send a thank you note? What do you get him back for a present?" 