
"So, Victor, how's life?" "It's going well, Alex- hard times at work, as usual, but nothing too out of the ordinary. How are you?" "Oh, fine, some of the same, really." I'd been "dating" Victor for three months, but this was the first time we'd actually gone to a restaurant. I'd rather have kept it at home- those super-fools in the League kept foiling my attempts at romance every single time I went out- but for him, I couldn't say no. "Remind me, what do you do again?" "Me? I sell jewelry and exotic items." *Of course, I lift them myself, but hey, he doesn't need to know, right?* "How about you?" "Oh! I'm in law enforcement. Mainly work in the sciences, but I get into the field a lot as well." "Neat." At this point, our waiter returns with our main courses, and places it on the table. "One order of fettuccine for the *signor,* and a double *arrabbiatta* for the *signora*." My date turns to me. "Double order?" "Yeah... I've had a metabolism like a jet engine since the age of fourteen." He shrugs. "Hey, mind if I take a picture?" "No problem." I take a selfie of the two of us, and post it to my Instapict account. "First date in six months!!!" &#x200B; Of course, Victor got interrupted not two minutes after that. "I'm sorry, this is important. It's from work. I have to go." He got up from the table, and ran toward the exit. I was just able to make out some of the words he said: "Hostage situation... *Where?*...I can be ready in three, meet me inside... Yes, I've got it..." My face fell. *And just when I thought this was going so well!* Of course, my night only went from bad to worse. The League of Superheroes came barging into the restaurant. "Over-Woman! Come out with your hands up!" *Over-Woman.* The most feared super-villain in the world. Capable of lifting an aircraft carrier, flying at ten thousand miles per hour, and tearing people in half with her mind. Also- coincidentally- my secret identity. *...Goddamn it!* &#x200B; The League had brought out all of their heavy hitters. Joule, the pyrokinetic. Peregrine, a man with powers to match mine, save for the telekinesis. Mensa, a Psi of the highest order. And my old rival, Invictus. A man without powers, but with a battle-suit capable enough to take me on. If I were to try to get out of this, I would level six city blocks. However, the League didn't seem to realize that meek little Alexandra Thorne was the fearsome villain they were looking for. I tried to sneak by them, until... "You. Where are you going?" It was Invictus. *Oh, crap.* He walked straight at me, examining me curiously. He pressed a button on the side of his mask. It hissed open, revealing... wait. Surely my eyes were playing tricks on me. That sandy hair, those eyes... no. That was *Victor's* face! &#x200B; Invictus... *Victor*... seemed as startled as I was. He turned to the team. "I got a call. About a supervillain and a hostage situation. What is going on here?" Joule replied. "We'd been tracking Over-Woman's social media accounts. She'd made a post about being on a date at this very restaurant. We assumed it was a hostage situation, and called you, knowing how good you were at dealing with her." Victor pulled out his phone. "Was it this post?" "Yes! That's the one!" He face-palmed. "That's not Over-Woman, that's my girlfriend!" "Hey, Algorist did the math, that has a 99.97 percent chance of being her. Right build, right face shape, even the same writing style." "Oh, go tell Algorist that he needs to check his calculations. Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a date." &#x200B; After all the heroes were gone, and after he'd ditched the battle-suit, Victor turned to me. "Sorry about that. My team sometimes gets bad leads and hares off in the wrong direction." "Thanks for sticking up for me back there. I don't know what I would have done without you." "Least I could do. ...Hey, though, you aren't actually Over-Woman, are you?" "Would I tell you if I was?" He laughed. "True. Even if you were... well, that would just prove even the greatest super-villains can have a heart." ****** Feedback welcome! 