
######[](#dropcap) "DO NOT LEAVE TOWN TODAY." At first, the rule didn't raise any eyebrows. There was nothing particularly unusual about it, one of the same ones along the lines of "Don't go into the forest," or "Don't buy the bakery's bread." No one really knew how the rules appeared on the side of Abe's barn every day, but the town prophet had foreseen that if anyone didn't follow the rules, the entire town of Wolford would be punished. So it was sort of like God's commandment, if you will. And the rules were never terrible. Oh, sure, they could get a little inconvenient at times, like this one, but it was always only for a day and quite easily avoidable. Or so everyone thought, including Libby, who had lived in the town her entire life. Until the next day, the rule was the same. "DO NOT LEAVE TOWN TODAY." Panic ensued as all the members of the community gathered in front of the dripping red paint on the barn door. "How is this possible?" Tom asked, stricken. "I need to go out and sell milk today, or it'll go bad soon." "Same," Bradford huffed through his mustache. "I need to buy flour and other materials to keep running the bakery." "This has never happened before," Cindy added. She clutched at the small baby she held in her arms, her eyes wide. "Should we ask Sylvia what to do?" Voices began overlapping and talking over each other when, as Libby was watching the red paint, still wet, suddenly had a thought. "What if this is a practical joke? How do we know Sylvia's prophecies are even correct?" A hush fell over the crowd as dozens of pairs of eyes stared at her. Libby shrunk in front of the glares. It seemed a valid question. After all, Sylvia hadn't really gotten anything right before, and everyone had viewed her as a quack until the command "Don't laugh" appeared on the wall, and some did, and then that night, the town was visited by a swarm of locusts. Sylvia claimed it was God's command. But couldn't it all have been a coincidence? The prophet now had the townsfolk lined up in front of her door every morning--bartering items in hand--to have their fortunes told. "Don't talk as if you know anything. You're still young," Bradford grunted. "I'm 23," Libby shot back. "Old enough to question whether we might be following some jokester's rule." "Libby!" Her mother appeared at the back and grabbed at her arm. She bowed and looked apologetically at the rest of the group. "She's still young, and she doesn't understand the rules, that's all." "Momma! Don't apologize!" "You better teach her to watch her mouth, darlin'. She's gonna get in huge trouble one day runnin' it like that." Libby glared at the bartender. Bradford had always been crude and leery, and she was certain he had something for her mother. "I will," her mother said. Then she dragged Libby away from the crowd. "You know you shouldn't say things like that." "But momma, it's all backwards. This thinking, it's like we're stuck in the middle ages or something." She had wanted to speak up on the issue for forever, but her mother had curbed her tongue, telling her it was no use. And it hadn't really affected her. Not until now. Her mother's face was pale. "It's okay. We can just leave tomorrow. It's no big deal." They had been planning to leave the town for a little while now. Her mother wanted more opportunities for her, and she had gotten sick of staying in this place where everyone still subscribed to superstition. But, she supposed, they could wait for a day. Until the next day, the rule hadn't changed. She stared at the paint, dried, on the wall. For whatever reason, whoever--mortal or not--had been painting the command on the barn door hadn't been by, and she intended to find out why. ***** [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8kmd2z/wp_there_is_only_one_rule_in_your_village_and_it/dz9tiry/) below! r/AlannaWu 