
It had become apparent that humanity's days were numbered. As each child was brought into the world, our confidence grew. The markov chains were converging. As a society it was determined that no more children should be brought into the world. Of course there were the hold outs, the groups that fought us tooth and nail and held onto their ancient beliefs. The non-radicalized members were allowed to go on their pilgrimage. They began what was known as the Long Sleep. They gathered in ships stationed in orbit, nuclear vessels and went into a slumber as they wandered to the stars. The others were dealth with. &nbsp; Our air and water were made such that no human could give birth. It was a bitter pill to swallow, but we knew it to be the right course of action. Our scientists were working hard to develop power, hardened infrastructure, faster processors. If anything was going to save humanity, it would be our technology. We scanned the stars, listened to the earth itself, and sifted through all of the combined knowledge and mythology of our civilizations to try and discern the meaning of our soon to be demise. Breakthroughs in technology came as most felt it their life pursuit to keep humanity going. &nbsp; It was five years to the end date for Humanity that we lost contact with the Long Sleep ship. The world mourned for their long distant cousins. It had felt as if the spirit of our humanity had died with them. &nbsp; It was on the fourth year to our Best Used By Date that the breakthrough in power was made. We had harnessed self sustaining fusion. It was a linchpin technology needed for the Great Migration project. A combination of biological, computer, and engineering sciences that would allow for a person's consciousness to be put into the cloud. It was a collection of devices that would be launched into solar orbit, capable of traveling between the stars on it's reserves and fusion cores, such that any geological issue or even the destruction of a solar system would be unable to cause fault to our digital survival. &nbsp; Citizens were put through the process in order of their death date. It was such a tasking that many feared that they would die before they'd be converted. We did lose a few hundred to accidents before or on their death date, tragic losses, for what was of humanity now would be the only ones left in the foreseeable future. The process was made rapid to account for the billions that needed to be placed into the cloud but left the original an empty shell. There were fears that if the original was intact they would not truly migrate over. The people that initially converted found an empty world for themselves to do as they pleased. As more converted in, family members were waiting for them among the clouds. It was as those who came before us told. When you died, you were greeted by your family and friends that had since already passed. There was no more pain, only the life that you now wanted. By the final day, all of humanity had converted to the cloud. It was our death day, but also the beginning of our new synthetic life. 