
He's hunting me, I'm sure of it. But I don't know why. And he never actually approaches closer than a few dozen paces, always hanging back at the periphery of my awareness. Last night I saw him through my binoculars as I scavenged for preserved food in an open-air market, skulking behind stalls and the big pavilion's concrete pillars. I don't like scavenging indoors, there are almost always zombies and although they shy away from me, I can still hear them, all around. Moaning. Shuffling. Belching gases, making movement-sounds that are always too wet or too dry, sort of an auditory Uncanny Valley. And of course I don't like seeing them, who would? There's too much humanity left over, even if their eyes stare past everything, never really focus. Except his. His do. Maybe he's just watching me. I mean, if he really were hunting he would probably have had a chance to catch me by now, right? I have to sleep, after all. Sure, I rest careful, always in a place that seems secure, with locked doors and boarded-up windows. He's never tried any of them, never rattled a knob or banged on sheets of plywood. Neither have the others, to be honest, they seem to know I'm in there, wherever it is I'm in, and stay away. It's a lonely, easy life, for the most part. The whole thing happened so fast, there wasn't really time for a lot of destruction. Not the disease itself, or whatever it is, that actually worked pretty slowly, something like 72 hours incubation, during which time you got real gregarious, even if you'd been a shut-in before. Passed by simple contact. Not airborne, but didn't need skin-to-skin either. Even just brushing against one of the infected was enough. By the time people really started to turn, hit the second phase, it was too late. So it wasn't like there were big sieges or undead hordes rampaging through places. Everything's just kind of...there for the taking. It's not like the zombies need anything. They don't eat, not anymore, ran out of humans a long time ago. Except for me, and I guess I'm not very appetizing. I don't know what keeps them going. I'm guessing there are survivor enclaves here and there, but there's no way to know for sure. One of the earliest discoveries was that the zombies can "hear" radio waves, and are driven into a frenzy by them, attacking the source until it goes away. So it's not like there are broadcasts. My personal theory is that this is also why they're so...restless all the time, why they seem like they're suffering constant psychic pain. The universe itself has a background of radio waves from various cosmic sources, and they never stop. Sometimes at night a walking corpse will just stand beneath the starlight and look up, slack-jawed, making breathy little sounds of desperation. That's what I think they are, anyway. I have a lot of time to think. Too much, maybe. It's not like it's peaceful time. He's always there, if I look. Hunting me. I don't know why. I've never killed one of them, if "killed" is even the right word. Never had to. I do carry a rifle, and I know the basics of how to use it, and sometimes I wonder, why don't I shoot him? But I'm afraid to shoot anything that looks human, that's the honest truth. Not if it isn't an immediate threat. Even though I think he's hunting me, even if I can't articulate why I think that, he's still not, you know, attacking me. So I keep on kind of drifting through this moaning, shuffling, lonely world. I assume at some point I'll get sick or break something or whatever and not be able to take care of myself anymore, and that will be the end of it. Humans aren't meant to exist alone, and I say that as someone who was practically a hermit before all this happened. Sure, I didn't talk to people, but I ate the food they made and prepared and shipped, I could go to a doctor if I came down with something, I had a car that other people made, I lived in a building other people maintained, and on and on and on. But now it's just me, and if something goes wrong, there's no help. I try not to think about that, even though like I said I have time to think, maybe too much time, and always with that...thing nearby. Except is he really a "thing?" He seems to be capable of a lot more thought than the others, even though I've never really seen him actually *do* anything. Until today, when he pointed at me and screamed. <continued below!> 