
In the town of Oaxaca, there is a church which has no monks. It is a mundane place now, which holds no services. But, if you walk past it today, you will see that a miracle has happened here. How else can you explain the bullet holes that touch everything except the cross? ___ I woke with a nudge in my gut. My eyes shot open and I saw a man standing over me in linen shorts and shirt, pushing against me with his leather sandals. I jerked up and pushed myself away from him. "Ah, estas bien?" he asked, looking down at me from under the shade of a wide hat. "What, where am I?" I asked. My mind was foggy, I couldn't understand what he had said. "Oh, American!" The man shook his head, then bent a little lower, as if speaking to a child. "Are. You. Okay?" The way he said it made me feel like an idiot. I looked around, seeing only a dusty road and green hills. I finally felt the beat of the sun and a rivulet of sweat coursed down my face. I could have sworn the last thing I remember was being in Los Angeles, on my way to my- The thought cut off and I immediately searched my body. After I felt something in my pocket, I jammed my hand inside and pulled out a roll of bills, covered with a piece of paper. The man let out a small whistle as I removed the note, and the bills became visible. When I unfolded the sheet of paper, all it said was, "Este es el examen final." *Shit.*I was on my way to spanish class, yes. And at some point, I... I just couldn't remember. I banged my fist against the ground. What a cruel joke this was--my reward for taking the immersion program. In my blinded fury, I had forgotten the man who found me and who, presumably, had stuck around because of the large sum of cash I'd just displayed. Or at least, what I thought was a large sum of cash. "Ah, senor." The man coughed politely. "Necisitas ayuda?" I looked up, remembering his presence. *Ayuda? Oh, help. That means help.* I thought for a second and took another look around the hills. We were the only two people on this road and I presumed that we were the only two people for a long while. *Damn.* I looked back up at him and it looked like he was trying to affect a casual interest in the whole affair. But I had my doubts. "Si, ayuda. Por favor," I said, mangling the words and hoping they came out right. "Ah," the man said, his face lighting up somewhat. He offered his hand down and I took it. When I stood, I felt dizzy. He steadied me, and then shot a question in quick spanish. "Sorry, I couldn't follow." I said. "Por. Que. Estas. Aqui," the man said again, drawing out the last word and bulging his eyes. As if that would help me understand him better. "I don't know," I said with a shrug. "Hablas ingles?" I asked. The man shrugged back. Besides the heat, I could feel the stress. I was already nearing the end of the phrases I had learned well enough. The phrases that could get me out of speaking spanish in the first place. I thought, and realized I really only had one prepared that might work. "Donde esta la biblioteca?" In my mind, the logic only made sense. Where there is a library, there must be also a city of people who can use the library. And also literate city people. And among those people, there may be another who does speak english. But it was obvious from the look on his face that the man was a little confused by the question. "Los libres," I said, trying again. At that, the man smiled. "Ah, Los Libres." He chuckled for a few moments, and the chuckle turned into a laugh and I stared at him, unsure of the humor of the situation. But then he offered his hand again. "Bienvenido, soy Ramon Viaragosa." I froze. I had heard the name Viaragosa often enough to know only one man in Mexico would be proud enough of it like him. When I didn't take his hand, he shrugged, then let out a shrill whistle. All around me the hills came to life. Men carrying rifles and wearing bandoliers filled with dull brass cartridges. They filed down to where Viaragosa and I stood, one of them coming up directly to the man. They shook and made an exchange of spanish too quick for me to follow. Then, the newcomer smiled behind his beard. "Bienvenido," he said, offering up his hand. This time I took it as a sense of realization sunk in. In that moment, I realized I was more screwed than any other time in my life--because I had just met the Ramon Viaragosa. The gold toothed, smiling visage of the leader of the Mexican Rebels. And somehow, I realized, standing in the middle of Mexico with a roll of bills, I had been enlisted into the Mexican Revolution. ___ *Thanks for reading! Check out more of my stuff at /r/chrisbryant.* 