
"We, the jury, find the defendant not guilty on all counts," said the portly man I knew we had all along. Beads of sweat had formed along his neckline, his whole body sighing as he read. I'm sure he was a good enough man--hell if he was hurting, I'd likely have helped him--but McDaniels had his ways of making money find pockets. And he had plenty of money for a jury of twelve. The judge frowned as he brought down the gavel. "I don't know if you know this," McDaniels said beside me, his pointy little face screwed up in a sneer. "But we won. C'mon, no reason to look like dogshit. You've made yourself a powerful friend." "I'm fine," I lied. "I'm happy for you." What was I to say, after all? That I was a waterlogged sponge ready to be wrung out? That, just now, I had a malignant mix of five different cancers, a dash of HIV, Crohn's Disease, untold cases of stomach flu, and who knows what else swirling deep in my gut? No, I suppose saying that out loud might raise a few eyebrows. He slapped me on the back, hard, and swiveled to admire all the shocked faces in the crowd. Across the room, Rebecca the prosecutor shot me a look that could probably kill faster than anything I'd contracted. *Say goodbye to our tradition of post-verdict drinks*. She'd taken this McDaniels case too personally. Hard not to with a child-killer and you're a mother of five, I suppose. We'd been close friends ever since I healed her eldest after his tires spun on I64 and he veered into oncoming highway traffic. The boy'd been plugged to so many machines the hospital staff nearly ran out of room. She'd been red-eyed and splotchy by his bedside, but when I arrived her eyes shone with hope. "I didn't know who else to call," she'd croaked. "I didn't know what else to do." She was embarrassed. Back then, the word hadn't quite gotten around as to my legitimacy. I was still a wacky lawyer, part-time *witch doctor*. She'd made sure all the nurses were out of the room, that no one was the wiser. "It's fine," I said, laying a hand on her dying boy. "Everything's fine now." I thought back to my own son's scraped knee, where it all began. All it took as a little willpower--the true and bonifide *want* to make things better. Rebecca's boy was already regaining his color under all those fluorescents. I'd pay for that one soon enough. When the symptoms of my first "patients" began to resurface, I'm ashamed to say I panicked. My knee blossomed into a red rasberry, and soonafter three of my toes broke. I fell to the bathroom tile in sudden pain. *What the hell?* I'd thought, and then I remembered my son and his scooter and that goddamned oak tree with roots that poked through the sidewalk. The memory rang clear as a damned bell. My heart practically melted. The first thing to run through my mind had been--if *this*...then, what next? Then, I thought: *Freddie!* I'd stumbled towards my boy's room, swallowing down the pain. But, no, his injury had not resurfaced on his own body. It was my own to bear now. Among all the others. Rebecca turned in a huff, ignoring the hand I'd lifted as if to say *I can explain*. McDaniels nudged me with his elbow as he admired the view of Rebecca's backside. "Cost you your piece, huh? Don't worry, I'll make it worth your while." I sighed and gave him a half-hearted smile. "C'mon," I said. "Time to go." We shuffled our way towards the double doors of the courthouse. Towards McDaniels's freedom. We were greeted by the flashing of a thousand bulbs. Questions hurled our way--a cacophony of inquisition. In that moment, I felt they were questioning my humanity. *Could you really fight to let such a man go?* *How could you let this be?* But really, you see, McDaniels wasn't free at all. Back that night, standing above my little boy with my heart beating in my ears and my knee throbbing in pain, I'd discovered something more. My mind full of panic, I'd pulled up his Cars bedspread and did something awful. I put a hand on his knee and thought, *Give it back.* For several moments, nothing happened. Then his eyes jolted wide and he shrieked. "Oh god!" I said, wiping away his tears. His sheets smeared here and there with a swipe of crimson. "Oh shit, I'm sorry, I'm sorry!" It wasn't until we'd both calmed down that I realized what I had done. I was a waterlogged sponge, full of pain, full of suffering, and I had the power to dole it all back out. McDaniels waved to the crowd of cameramen as a black transport pulled up to tote him to freedom. "It's been a pleasure," he said, smug as all get out. I gripped his hand and squeezed it hard. Every ounce of suffering poured out of my body. For a moment, his smile faltered. I let go of his hand and it dropped to his side. "No," I said. "Believe me, the pleasure's been all mine." He turned, a look of confusion writ plainly on his face. The cameras continued to flash, and he blinked at their light. I watched with a deep sense of satisfaction as his shaky hands went to his stomach. *Yep, that'd be the stomach ulcers you asswipe...or wait, maybe the cancer*. An attendant rushed to grab him as he stumbled towards the vehicle. "I've got it," McDaniels snapped And that's when it dawned on me: I was a sort of Robin Hood, taking pain and sickness from the meek and giving it to those who most deserved it. I was Karma incarnated. And luckily for me, the world was full of ammunition. ------------- r/M0Zark 