
We're no stranger to psychology around here. When you've been working the streets as long as I have, you know exactly what type of sickos and scumbags you deal. Some are petty criminals with no purpose. Some want money or notoriety. A few get off on the thrill of it. All a psychological game of cat and mouse. All mice get caught eventually. Dealing with quantum physics, however, is another story altogether. The Schrodinger's Cat killer: someone who would lock his victims in an enclosed space and trigger an explosion. For people who discovered the charred bodies, there would be a message carved on the wall. *YOU KILLED THESE PEOPLE* The message alone wasn't the problem. The problem came from the paranoia the message created. Flash forward to today. I've got forensics, backup and my partner on standby. Hours ago, we received a tip, an explosion was heard in this place. The outside of the room was completely unscathed, but no one could assess the damage of the inside. Apparently, no one knew the damage of the inside. No one had so much as touched the door. This was the game he played. As long as the door wasn't open, the victims inside could still be considered alive. Of course, they were still victims of murder because they could be considered dead as well. While the employees of the building consistently fumbled with this dilemma, the killer could get as much distance as he needed. The very concept of being superimposed between life and death left my team mystified all the same. "Sir, do we move in?" They showed concern. Genuine concern. How was I supposed to explain that the very concept of Schrodinger's Cat was still one based entirely on which interpretation you subscribe to? Agent Ryan, a believer in the Copenhagen interpretation, stood at the entrance, unable to twist the knob. He called out to the victims hoping to get a response, but seemed relieved that he didn't. Idiot. Trying to get any response from the inside would be considered an observation. By not receiving anything, he would end up observing that as the people inside being dead. Thus, if Schrodinger's Cat held any validity, he effectively just killed those people. I didn't have the heart to tell him. "They could be gagged or unconscious," said Agent Madani. Good job, Madani, you've nullified the observation, bringing us back to zero. "Sir, do we move in?" They asked again, this time with more urgency. How can I possibly tell them? As a believer in the Anti-Zeno effect, I was terrified that opening the door would be the action that results in their deaths. This wasn't a cat-and-mouse game anymore. In our state of uncertainty on what to do, the killer turned this into a Schrodinger's Cat-and-mouse game. Sick bastard. 