
The Montgomery's were having a normal dinner on a winter's evening when snow began to distract young Steven from his mother, Mary Montgomery. "Steven are you even listening to your father?" Mary raised her palm in front of Steven's face trying to gain his attention. Steven's eyes were fixed on each snow flake illuminating from the bright lamppost sitting in front of their door. "Why do we have so much light?" Steven looked towards his mother. Mary looked at her husband Daniel Montgomery before hesitating to answer, "You know the light protects us Steven, now eat your dinner." "Not before you answer the question I just asked you," Daniel lowered his fork and knife. Steven rolled his eyes while his sister, Alycia, smiled. Steven and Alycia were both in high school but Alycia was a year older - and she constantly reminded him of that fact. "What was the question?" Steven shook his head towards Daniel. "I asked you why you were out late last night. You know not to go out during the night." Alycia giggled, "He was probably out at Molly's house." "Shut up Alycia!" Steven shouted. "Both of you enough!" Mary slammed her fist on the table. "Your father is right. You do not go out at night." "What's the problem? This entire city is lit like a christmas tree! There is light everywhere no matter how dark it is! You both said as long as there is light then there is no reason to fear the dark. Your words." Steven pointed trying to justify his actions. "There is a reason that even with light, no one goes out during the night!" Mary shouted back across the dinner table. It was a normal dinner for the Montgomery's. Just after a few minutes, the entire dinner table was engulfed in loud arguing over the purpose of light always being on for their protection. It was when Daniel stood up from his seat and shouted, "Enough!" that the power in the Montgomery's house went out. With just a blink of an eye, their home was taken over by darkness. "Oh my god!" Mary stood from her seat. Alycia jumped out of her chair freighted while Steven just sat there taking a bite out of a dinner roll. "Oh no, the darkness is going to get us." Steven said sarcastically while continuing to eat his roll. "Shut up Steven!" Alycia hit his shoulder, "This is serious!" "Kids, in the basement now." Daniel pointed. Steven's laughter was halted when the sirens throughout the city started to echo across the dark skies. The sirens spread from each neighborhood to the next until reaching the Montgomery's. Steven looked out of the window to notice lights were off everywhere. "Kids, basement, now." Mary repeated Daniel's order. Steven and Alycia started towards the basement when they heard gunshots going off in the other neighborhoods. Screaming suddenly started from the house across the street. "Go now!" Daniel shouted while Mary, Steven and Alycia darted down the stairs and into the basement. Daniel slammed the door behind him shinning a flashlight down into the basement until reaching a special bookshelf. Daniel pressed a button on the side of the bookshelf making it open into a small room. Steven and Alycia were both shocked to find a hidden room in their own house. "Kids, grab any weapon you can find." Mary whispered. "What's going on?" Alycia began to tear. Steven's eyes widened when he saw his father loading a shotgun. "I'm with Alycia, what is all of this?" "This is to defend ourselves and our home." Daniel loaded a final round before pumping the shotgun ready to fire. "Defend it from what exactly?" Steven leaned in. "Steven, Alycia, grab a weapon, now!" Mary slightly raised her voice as she picked up an axe. "Will somebody please tell us what the hell is going on?" Alycia locked her eyes onto Daniel. Steven shook his head in confusion before taking a bat from the room. Mary leaned in to calm Alycia before telling her the truth. She handed Alycia a sword before whispering, "The monsters that came here long before you were born." "What monsters?" Steven asked. Mary and Daniel looked at each other before they were startled by the sounds of the upstairs window being broken. The Montgomery family all stood frozen in silence. They each tightened their grip on their weapon. It was when their basement door slowly started to creak open when Daniel's flashlight suddenly ran out of battery. Daniel sat his shotgun down struggling to keep their only light from going out. "Oh no." Daniel hit the flashlight against his sweaty palm but it died. They all stood in the dark while listening to the sounds of heavy footsteps coming from the kitchen. "Get ready children." Mary whispered behind them. "Whatever happens, I will not let them eat you." Steven gulped while holding tightly to his bat. Alycia started to cry as they listened to the footsteps coming down the stairs. *** To read more of my stories, visit [r/13thOlympian] (https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/) 