
*The scene is a room with a single desk. A weary looking woman chews on gum while looking through her phone. A 7 foot demon sits on the chair across from her with a collar around its neck, its wicked sharp horns scraping against the ceiling. Outside a single window a scene of desolation can be seen. Plumes of fire, rivers of lava and all that. Occasional screams can be heard in the room. The woman ignores them, but each scream makes the demon flinch.* Woman: (Looking up from her phone) "Name?" Demon: "Ashmodeon seventh spawn of the great seer Glarastell, heir to the mig-" Woman: "Alright, Ash it is. Now Ash what did you do in hell?" Ashmodeon: (Snarling) "Insolent human, how dare you mock my name as such! You will-" *The woman sighs and taps a button under the table. The Demon writhes in pain as the collar around its neck glows a bright blue.* Woman: (Looking at her phone again) "Like, seriously. I have a quota to fill, so why don't you just answer my questions and we can both be done with this. Sounds reasonable yeah?" Ash: (Smoke coming out of its nostrils) "So be it." Woman: "Alright, so what did you do in hell?" Ash: "Very funny human, surely you know I am a dread lord, I led mighty forces against your pathetic." Woman: (Almost to herself) "Military, got it." Woman: (Looks up from her phone to glare at the demon who had opened his mouth to say something then thought better better of it): "How many humans do you think you have tortured?" Ash: "Billions, easily. I have made the vilest humans cry and beg." Woman: (Blow a bubble which pops in Ash's face) "Billions, got it. Final question, have you ever been to heaven?" Ash: (Frowning) "Of course not, why-" Woman: (Sighing as she scrolls through Hellit(tm) for the millionth time) "So to summarize, you led forces against us, tortured us, and know absolutely nothing about heaven - making you useless to us, correct?" Ash: (Cocking its head) "Seems correct." *The woman presses another button and the demon, along with the chair falls through a hole under it. She rubs her ears from the echoing screams of the demon as it fell into the void.* Woman: "Next!" *** (minor edits) First time doing a screenplay like this, feedback is appreciated. If you enjoyed, check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 