
(This is my first wp but I'm clearly getting something different from this prompt than others so I thought I'd chime in.) I was up drinking and watching nothing on tv the first night when the wallpaper was dragged upwards by a steel door that dinged and opened. Times like this I'm happy I'm on lithium. It limits my emotional range. "Hello?" I asked. I walked out of the elevator. Different clothes, but me. Me 2 looked around and sighed and went to the fridge and started to make a drink. "Yeah... just help yourself," I told Me 2. He sat next to me and gave me a half nod. I could see his face was a bit busted. He had all my old scars but he had gotten some new ones. "So," I dragged on after some time, "do I get an explanation?" A few minutes silence and a half shrug and a ding and the doors to the elevator closed. It receded into the floor, leaving a giant hole in the wall through to the bathroom. The tub was toast. Me 2 slept on the couch and slept through the next day. I prodded him a little but got no response the next day. We sat and drank and watched nothing at all of interest and at midnight it came up and went ding again. Me 3 had a limp coming out. Me and Me 2 looked at him from the couch. He made himself a drink and joined us. Ding and it went down and it was twenty minutes before I had to ask, "Okay... so... how many?" Me 4 was missing three fingers. Me 5 was missing an eye. Each Me had the scars of Me and the Mes that came before him. None of them wanted to talk about it. Me 7 came out in a heap, slumping out of the door. We stared. The doors closed. The doors opened. Close. Open. He was setting off the safety sensor. "No one's gonna do it?" I asked the others. They half shrugged. I stood up and walked to Me 7 and dragged him out and the doors closed and the elevator returned. I sat him up against the kitchen counter and put a longneck in his hand then returned to the couch, but Me 6 had taken my spot. The next night the elevator rose and the doors opened and Me 8 started to fall out. I caught him. I pushed him back in and walked him to the rear wall. It was a tight fit but the 9 of us made it work. I pressed the down button. I don't know who we're gonna kill but he sure as hell deserves it. 