
**The saddest people smile the brightest.** It was only when I 'manifested' my mind into my best friend, Irina, that I realized the true meaning behind this quote. Irina has always been the outgoing, cheery girl. She's the type of person that is constantly overflowed with positive energy. As many would presume, she is often the life of the party. You can physically experience the subtle change in the air as she steps into any environment. But. *Why is that I feel such emptiness?* Not only that... why does my heart feel so heavy? Like I am being dragged down by *something*...? It's as if there is a hidden feeling of bitterness--no--more of a permanent state of melancholy. *Is this how she really feels all the time?* *I don't understand.* *I don't understand it at all.* "Well?" Irina smiled. A powerful and natural gleaming smile that was contagious and could easily brighten anyone's day. "How did it feel?" "Different than I expected." "What do you mean? You have been pestering me about this for weeks and now all you give me is this blank look." Irina teased playfully as she imitated my facial expression then proceeded to poke my cheek repeatedly. "Well, whatever. Like you promised earlier, it's going to cost you that delicious Supreme Deluxe Premium Sundae." Her mouth began to drool uncontrollably at the thought of the luxurious 20$ ice cream, the ultimate dessert any sweet-tooth can ask for in this town. "Um." *How should I say this?* "Why is it--" Irina stopped me midway, shushing me with her index finger. "I'm really hungry. Let's go eat some ice cream first, okay?" "Alright." "I'll be back, I just need to grab my sports gears from the girl's locker room. I'll meet you at the front entrance." Before I can say anything, she was gone. For some odd reason, I have a slight, uneasy feeling that Irina purposely interrupted me. As if the words I am about to say could potentially destroy our friendship. *Irina...* I don't know what's going on. I thought about the past. Back in middle school, I was constantly ridiculed by my peers for being a weirdo. I thought my 'manifestation' ability was ubiquitous, that everyone possesses it. After sharing it with my classmates, they initially thought I was joking. But after recognizing how zealous I was into my "roleplaying", I was immediately outcasted. "Don't talk to him, he's one of those losers that can't distinguish fantasy from reality." "Oooooh! Watch out. He will possess you and make you do bad things." "And you wonder why he doesn't have any friends." As the school year gradually progress, I was alone. But for some reason I still cannot fathom, you decided to talk to me. I still remember that fateful day. When you sat down casually next to me as I ate my lunch alone near the school rooftop. You chatted with me like I was your closest friend despite how we never met before. You showed full interest in my boring daily life. And above all, everytime lunch ends, you would present me that signature beautiful smile and say in a dulcet voice: "See you tomorrow, Jan." I am so grateful for you. You gave me meaning into my life. And that's why, whatever that emptiness feeling is. I will fill that up, Irina. *Just like you did for me.* 