
First there was the scream. Then the silence. The long colorful cape was now covering most of his body, red stains slowly seeping into the fabric. The other man in the room stood there panting, and stared blankly ahead. "It's over," he mumbled. The battle had been long, drawn-out, and devastating. Entire districts of the city had been reduced to rubble, and the casualties had been stacked up until they all amounted to nothing more than a rising counter. He had seen and felt what people thought of him for as long as he could remember. When he was young the long stares, feeling their eyes on him until he finally passed around the corner. As he grew older the stares had changed into quick glances, but he noticed them all. The curiosity that kids challenged him with had been nothing in comparison to the looks of disgust and fear adults gave him. He'd never been their favorite, and he vowed he would never become their favorite - rather, that he never *wanted* to be their favorite. Their shallowness, misunderstanding and prejudices had turned him into what he had become. And today he had become the victor, but he didn't feel love or happiness. All what was left was a calm, an inner silence. "It really is over", he mumbled again. The lines had slowly blurred. Good and evil. His opponent had become as much as a tyrant as himself. What price would he pay to ensure victory for the sake of doing what was "right"? He had overheard the questions afraid citizens asked each other. "At what cost?" His own predecessor, a lesser villain, had finally been defeated, but not before the *people's champion* had crashed his aircraft right downtown in an occupied office building. Before that, the destruction of half the country's farmland. And he'd disappear again, waiting for another villain to challenge him. An invite that never went unanswered. All the people had wanted was no more super villains. As he slowly moved over to the body he couldn't help but feel contempt. Super villain, they'd branded him, all because he wanted to put an end to the hero. The antagonist, the antonym, the evil to his good. But his escapades had finally been put to a stop. As he took the cape from the heroes' body and walked over to the glass doors, he inhaled, and pushed them open. The mass of people that stared at him, as he displayed the cape above his head, were silent. He could see the conflict on their faces, he could feel the restlessness in the air, as they waited for him to speak. He leaned into the microphone they had placed for the victor and simply said: "I will hold myself to my promise". An ease rippled through the crowd, and a joyous eruption of sound resonated. Men and women hugged each other, little children cheered, as he added: "No more. I'll allow you guys to elect an official. My deed is done." He could still hear the clapping, the chants, as he left the balcony and towards silence. He'd held his promise. No more super heroes. 