
"They call it acceptance!" The crowd roared around Shaytanah as her voice boomed from the thirty-year old speaker system that the Blue Cross had liberated two weeks ago. The damn stuff wa so complicated, it had taken them that long just to get it all working. Turns out that older tech needed to be powered from outside through these rope-like wires. "They allow anyone to work with us!" Shaytanah shook her head free of the stray thoughts. She needed to focus. "Foreigners come here and learn with us! They *eat* with us!" The crowd took this as a great insult, just as she'd planned. She'd let the disgust drip from every word. Like animals they had mirrored it. They heard the hate, and lacking any strength of will themselves, they make her power theirs. "They contaminate our space! They corrupt our children!" Shaytanah paused here. She wanted them to listen to the next bit. "I caught my daughter speaking *their* language last week! She told me that her friends at school had taught it to her!" The crowd screamed in anger. None of that was true. Shaytanah had a daughter, yes, but the girls was in her teens now and she'd left Shaytanah years ago to live with her father. "In my father's time, we spoke *EARTH* languages!" Shaytanah screamed. "Now my child is talking with those creatures like they were human! The longer we allow the star-traveled to stay here, the more we lose ourselves! There is only one solution, one answer!" She felt the swell of hate around her. She'd learned a lot from history. No matter who your enemy is, if you supply people with hate stemming from their own self-doubt then they will go against anything. Once you get them to hate, then they are slaves to whatever you ask of them. As long as you make sure to remind them that they slave away against *them*, then it's all fine. A man will clean toilets for twenty years without complaint if he feels those toilets had been defiled by those who are lesser than him. Yes, make them hate and they are yours to control. The only problem is that it only worked with the ignorant and dull. It only worked with those who were just angry at themselves for being less than they dreamed they would be. Still... Shaytanah pulled a rope and the drapes behind her fell unevenly to show a giant, almost-childish painting of the four alien species made up in an attempt to make them ugly or scary. A giant red X had been splashed over it. The crowd roared and Shaytanah smiled and grabbed a prop weapon from beside the podium. She lifted it high above her. It was just cheap plastic. It never paid for a leader to touch weapons herself. She would only raise 'Symbols.' After all, a real gun could hurt someone. We wouldn't want that, would we? Shaytanah grinned with the thought. 