
The people in the slum disappeared into their makeshift homes as bounty hunter Dean Hallow strode through the narrow streets, squinting at the device strapped to his wrist. It had been pinging quietly when he entered the village - now, it gave a piercing whistle. He turned to the house in front of him. Well, 'house' was charitable. It was little more than a hovel. The woman's eyes darkened as she saw him enter, and she shook her head fiercely when she glimpsed the insignia on his shoulder that proclaimed his status as a bounty hunter. "My boy good," she said, shielding the kid from his view and snatching up a rusty knife that lay on the table. "*Good*. This is wrong house." "I don't think so, ma'am," Dean said. "The detector doesn't lie. Your son - well, his previous incarnation - died before their invention. Nifty little things, it tells me when I'm close to the spirit I'm hunting. A case of poor timing for your son, dying before he knew they'd come along. He might have waited to slit his own throat after killing all those people, huh?" She took a swipe at him which he dodged easily, before disarming her. The boy ducked out behind her, clutching something tightly in his arms. Probably a weapon, the little piece of shit. "Not so fast, Elijah. Or is it Samar now? So many lives, so many deaths behind you," Dean sneered, twisting the boy's arm and deriving a deep pleasure in the cry that escaped Samar's lips. The kid dropped whatever he'd been holding, but Dean was too fixated on Samar's terrified face to care. He'd been looking for this asshole for six lifetimes, been demoted in the process of his repeated escapes. The last one had been the worst: a successful suicide after butchering five families. "Stop struggling or I'll hurt you," he barked, dragging the boy without another glance at the mother who was screaming at him, slipping into her native Hindi in her fury. "We've got a long way to travel, and I don't care if you get there unconscious or not. I promise you the government doesn't care either." "Not me, not me! Please!" the boy said desperately. Dean rolled his eyes. The smartest criminal he'd ever dealt with, resorting to whining and begging for mercy. He was almost disappointed. In the hovel, Samar's mother was still keening, rocking in the corner of the house. Her boy's rat scampered closer to sniff at her, and she resisted the urge to kick at it. She had always hated the dirty, ragged creature, but Samar had loved and cared for it. He'd been cradling it even as the hunter came. She would not chase away what her boy had cherished. The rat skittered to the door of the house and looked out, whiskers quivering. He could still see the bounty hunter in the distance, pulling the boy and cuffing him over the head. Something turned over in its heart. He had escaped again, and could go anywhere he wanted now. But Samar had loved him, had fed him scraps he could ill afford not to eat himself. The first time anything had cared for him in six lifetimes, devotion he scarcely deserved. He almost missed it, the feel of Samar's fingers running over his fur, the sound of his laughter when he ate from the boy's hand. The rat whipped its tail and set out, keeping an eye on the bounty hunter and darting down the road. He might be smaller in this life, but his teeth were sharp and necks were easy to shred. Some skills were never forgotten. The rat bared its teeth in a grin - it had been too long since his last meal. ----------- [Part Two/Conclusion added here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Inkfinger/comments/6mc3ng/wp_reincarnation_is_a_known_common_and_expected/) Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. 