
In his early years his mother dragged him through the alleys and the dark corners of the undercity, down below where lived the meek and poor women and the workers, hiding, always hiding from the women up above, who'd kill him if they knew. He grew up a contradiction, an opposite of himself - to the world he was a girl, his mother dressed him in skirts and makeup and bows, and in the dead of the night when she'd take his clothes and tuck him in bed she'd tell him stories of these larger creatures, this race that walked the Earth some many years ago, and she'd say, "You are one of them, you are men." What was men? He didn't know what that meant, he had no frame of reference save the chimeric images of these shadow-people that walked the past Earth alongside women, these dreamwalkers that his mother conjured at night with her stories. Creatures with hair on their faces, muscular, big, as big as mountains, sometimes he thought. What was men? What did men do? Save from the obvious differences he could spot when he looked at himself in a mirror, what else? Why was it dangerous? Why was it bad? How was he different? He grew up on those questions, never finding an answer. In his teenage years, his mother underfed him, on purpose. She gave him hormones so he'd stop growing. So his voice wouldn't change, but he didn't see, he didn't understand - how could his voice change? Why would his voice change? "It'll grow deeper." "Why?" "That's just how it is with men." Men. He was men. One of them. One of the shadowy figures, the mean, dark ones that walked the Earth, that had to be exterminated. But why? What did men do? Why was men evil? His voice changed, and he grew, despite the hormones and the humble meals. Past sixteen he could no longer leave the house save under a veil, save in the dead of the night, and only so when it was chiefly necessary. And new feelings were brewing in him now. Feelings for the women he saw, feelings about the world around him, feelings of tenderness and of other things but above all, with every night that passed hidden in that small apartment in the undercity, what grew in him more was a hatred. A hatred for the women who ruled that world, who cast away the 'men', who deemed them bad and evil, who condemned him without ever meeting him, ever knowing who he was or what he thought, judged and trialed and convicted him over a prejudice of the past, over shadowy figures that walked the Earth before he was born. If men were evil, he wasn't men. He was something else. But he *was* men, his mother said so. So men couldn't all be evil. So women were evil, because women judged him, determined he was bad without ever meeting him. Cast him to a life of growing up without identity, without knowing what or who or why he was not meant to exist. A mistake, a rough tumor in a delicate world. It was years, long years after his mother was gone before he figured it out. And then years, long years of planning, of studying maps, building sketches, until he finally managed to put into action his plan. He knew by then that the women were already engineered to have only other women, that his mother had been an aberration, something not likely to happen again. He knew that they got pregnant from a machine, and that all the DNA on Earth was stored in a single room. And he found the way in and through the tunnels he crawled and in the dead of the night he stepped into the room where it was kept, where all of it lay behind glass, all the specimen, and he knew the codes, he spent years and labored to learn them, and he unlocked every door and he destroyed everything. There was going to be no more genetic material save what was inside of him. And when he was found in that room, when the women found out what he had done, they spit and cursed in anger but ultimately they bowed to him right then and there, their throats dry and quivering from swallowing their disgust at him, but they bowed all the same, because he was the last hope for humanity now, he was all there was left if people were not to die and never be born again. He was the future. But he didn't want hope, and he didn't want future. He was men. He was born of hatred and darkness, he was the shadowy figure in his mother's stories, the great villain, the last on a line of wrongdoers, of darkness-lurkers, born and raised and existing solely for the purpose of evil. At least he was convinced of it. So he ran the knife cross his throat and let the blood wash down his neck, and the women watched in horror as humanity died right then and there, in front of them, the blood of all future human life that would not be pooling in an expanding circle towards their bended knees. The blood of men. _____________ /r/psycho_alpaca 