
They pulled him before a podium, a small and rather unimportant butter knife held so tightly in his grip that his knuckles were white as snow. "BEHOLD, PEOPLE OF BRITANNIA, YOUR NEW KING!" The voice boomed ahead of him, a man speaking too close to a microphone. Somewhere, a crowd responded with an enthusiasm that shook the late afternoon air. All around him, people swirled. Someone had forced him onto a plane, shoved him into a suit of armor, and wouldn't answer his questions. All because of a butter knife bought at Goodwill. Sure, it was shiny. Sure, it was engraved with a language he didn't understand. For some reason the clerk had bowed to him after he had purchased it, but he didn't have the time or care to worry about such things. The man's name was Alex. He lived in a one bedroom apartment south of Washington D.C. His brother smoked too much weed, his mom thought he was gay, and his father was porking the maid. He worked a job he hated, for a boss he despised, with people who were amazed a man could be so dull and unambitious. Now it was King Alex, soon to be crowned King of the Britons. Alex had slipped into a puddle on his way to the bus stop, and for some reason had forgotten the butter knife was still in his backpack. A woman, in shimmering white rose from this small black puddle of dirt and rain water, and proclaimed him king of a place he had never been. Naturally, he had questions. But no one seemed to care for answering them. He'd been swarmed by peasants speaking a thick Cockney accent from seemingly out of nowhere, whisked onto a plane, and now he was about to address his newfound populace. Rather absentmindedly, he determined most of them smelt of elderberries, whatever those were. He wanted to know what all of these people were doing in the United States. He wanted to know where they were taking him, but they simply yelled over him until he meekly accepted their desires. Nearby, he heard Englishmen proclaiming undying fealty, Scotsmen proclaiming a hatred of the Englishmen, Irishmen proclaiming an even greater hatred of Englishmen than the Scotsmen, and no one listened to the Welshmen. Alex found himself being hauled forward. The armor he now wore was heavy, the knife still in his hand. He now stepped onto a stage, an endless crowd before him. Many appeared to be wearing Medieval period dress for some reason that no one would explain to Alex, let alone the many British still confused as to what exactly was happening. A man in a great grey robe, with a massive white beard telling all that they may call him Tim. He proclaimed Alex's noble lineage, and his ancient heritage. Which it wasn't. He claimed to have raised the boy from a young age. He hadn't. He proclaimed the rightful claim Alex held upon the throne, a true birthright. He'd been born in California but no one seemed to listen. When Alex tried to say he just wanted to go home when led to the podium, the crowd gave a hearty cheer. The man with the beard pushed Alex into a kneeling position, and dubbed him King of the Britons. In the corner of his eye, a woman in black whirled away, obviously in great anger. He was told this was his sister, whom he had stolen the crown from. Alex didn't have a sister, but the man with the beard assured him that he in fact did. She had been found to be a witch, as she weighed the same amount as a duck. In addition to this long list of undesirable problems, the man with the great beard claimed that Alex would deal with the most recent peril threatening the kingdom. A fire breathing dragon, coming from basically nowhere, had decided to rise from its eternal slumber to challenge Alex in one on one combat. Nowhere was actually Norway, and the dragon itself was a rabbit that did not breathe fire, but was already known as a notorious butcher of men. Alex found this very distressing, but his councilors assured him that his butter knife would see him through. Now Alex finds himself upon a horse, followed by a group of knights, slowing down all highway traffic. Above, a news chopper watches Alex try to control his horse, as he has never ridden before. He sighs, and dismounts. *Get back upon the horse, boy.* A voice from seemingly nowhere, but the whisper comes from so close it may as well be from behind his ear. *I have chosen you to be King of the Britons.* The knife seems to be speaking with him. "I want to go home," Alex says to the knife. It seems a sensible request. *Nonsense. You were made for great things. With me by your side, you can defeat any foe.* Uneasily, he kicks the dirt. *Beside me, you shall find within your saddlebags the Holy Hand Grenade of Antioch to aid in your quest.* He will trust his cutlery, for now. And if he can be randomly assigned as King of the Britons, he could possibly fight a dragon to the death. A strange thing to call a rabbit, but most of this seemed somewhat unorthodox. His life had always seemed this violently random grouping of events almost entirely out of his control, and perhaps this knife could allow him to take control of his own destiny. He sighed, still exasperated at his newfound responsibility. But he got back upon the horse. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- *Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony. - Monty Python and the Holy Grail* r/storiesfromapotato 