
"What would you do, If I pulled your pants down right now, and stuck a thumb up there?" The smug bastards asks, his hot breath washing down my back. About a week ago this bastard walked themselves right up to the gates, and let themselves in. He let himself into, area fucking 51. "I dunno, probably call you and asshole and try to get away." I say, not taking my eyes off the computer in front of me. I think we spent nearly 1,000 rounds of ammunition on this smug fucker before realizing nothing was working on him. The thing was, they had no interest in our stuff, or taking us over, or killing us. They just came here to fuck with us. "No, I mean, really." They say, tracing a finger across my back, "Humans always say they'd do one thing, but what would you actually try to do?" "I. Don't. Know. We can't kill you for christ's sake, and nobody can get you to move, so what the hell could I do." I mutter, rolling my shoulders in discomfort. They pace about behind me, loudly popping their cheeks. I scrunch up my face in impotent anger, before going back to my reports. Suddenly the screen cuts out. My eyes immediately jump to the power cable. The intruder squatted next to it, twirling the cable in his hand with an impish smile. "YOU SON OF A BITCH, THAT'S THE THIRD TIME I'VE HAD TO WRITE THIS REPORT!" I yell. The intruder guffaws loudly, rolling onto their back and laughing more. I leap at them, full of rage, and wrap my hands around their scrawny neck. I press my thumbs against their windpipe, fully intending to choke them to death. The intruder continues laughing wildly, rolling around on the floor with my hands clasped around their neck. They stand up, unimpeded by my entire bod weight pulling against their throat, and lean against the wall. They wipe a tear away from their eye and sigh. "God, this is great." they say, looking up at the ceiling. I let go of their neck and stomp into the hallway. "Fuck it, I'll use a typewriter." I mutter to myself as I make my way to the supply closet. I hear dull footsteps behind me, fast though, Somebody was running in my direction. I take off at full sprint down the hallway, barrelling around the corner and nearly taking out one of our privates. The footsteps behind me grow louder every second. The supply closet door is right at the end of this hall. I strain myself to run even faster, a burning feeling in my kidneys from the exertion. "Last one there is a rotten egg!" The intruder barrels past me, shoving me to the side with gleeful force. They ram right into the closet door, knocking it off the hinges, and knocking a row of shelving units over. I stop in the doorway, out of breath and hurting in practically every joint I had. The intruder sits in a pile of typewriter parts as he messes with the paper scroll, tearing it in two down the middle. I just stare at him, breathing heavily. "God I love cheat codes." He says, smashing the typewrite keyboard on the ground. 