
"You're awake," Margret says, accusation and surprise wrapping around me, as heavy as an anchor. I force my shoulders not to slump under the weight as I walk across the kitchen and over to my wife. Her red cheeks are draining white and I already understand that I'm meant to be dead. *Again.* A pang of guilt slices through my chest. "Good morning, sweetie." I lean in to kiss her lips, but her head lowers, so that I brush her forehead instead. Stupid of me -- I didn't think what might still be on my lips... I could have made her very poorly. I swallow the urge to say sorry, then take a couple of steps back. *Cheerful. She deserves cheerful.* I clap my hands together and say, "So, did you sleep better in the other room?" "Hm? Oh. Yes, a little. Your snoring didn't reach down the corridor, so that's something. Although I wouldn't have been surprised if I had heard you! You're like a jackhammer through a megaphone, some nights." Then she pauses, and adds in a gentler tone. "Say, did you drink that tea I made you to take up to bed? You know, my aunt's recipe." "The one to help with my snoring? Yes, of course. Every last drop. And you can tell her it was delicious." I wonder what she put in it? Plenty of strong tasting herbs -- no doubt to cover the nutty, or possibly metallic, tang. "Perhaps I won't snore tonight, now. Worth coming back in our bedroom to try again, don't you think?" Not that I ever snore. I set up cameras long ago, when I first suspected Margret of having a lover over when I was out of the house. She did indeed have a lover, but that was okay. She deserves someone better than me, after all. But... that wasn't all that the recordings showed me. She smiles feebly. Am I imagining it, or are her eyes wet and shimmering under the clinical kitchen lights? God, I've made her feel like shit. She's stuck here in a relationship she doesn't want to be in -- never wanted to be in -- but that I do. That I won't just let her out of. Because... I can't. I can't let her go. If only she could let me. "I've eaten already," she says. "Sorry. But I really wasn't expecting you to be up so soon. I'll make you pancakes now, if you like?" She would, too. Because she's like that. Selfless. "No, don't worry. I'll grab something on the road -- I'm already a little late." She nods and asks, nonchalant as she's able to muster, "How're you feeling today?" My body? Perfect, as always. My heart... "I'm okay. Maybe my stomach feels a bit off, but that's all." Does my little lie force the ghost of a smile onto her lips? Perhaps she's thinking of dosages and timings and tonight's concoction, telling herself that this time she'll get it right. I've given her a sliver of hope. But hope is all she'll ever have, and that knowledge makes me feel like trash. I should be dead. I should have died last night, and Margret should be as happy as she deserves to be. My mind wanders back many years... The school-bus taking the corner just a little too quickly; the truck on the other side swerving. The *thump, thump, thump* as we careened down the hillside. The twin screaming of twisted metal and twisted children. Only the driver and I survived. I'm still not sure which one of us felt more guilty as the sobbing parents began to arrive on the scene. They told me I got lucky. Sure didn't feel it. The driver ended his guilt long ago. Mine however increased many fold, as I survived again. And again. And again. Those around me always dying. The good and the great, the bold and the brash -- those who really lived. And then there was me... just, alive. "Are you working today?" Margret asks. "No, not today. I'm going to the shelter. Said I'd be along to help out with final preparations before it opens." "Always with the altruism." She spits the sentence out from between a smile, as if it's a bad thing. Like it's unfair that I do any good in this world, that I shouldn't be making her task any more difficult. Maybe she's right. "I've got to get going," I say, considering kissing her again, but deciding to spare her the discomfort. Instead, I grab my coat and head to the door, pausing only to say, without looking at her, "I love you." 