
"For what, sir?" I asked, cocking my head. "I had Sundays reserved for myself, since we don't ever open." My manager folded his hands together, resting a stubbly chin on them. "This is a direct request from the CEO himself. Your work ethic, your introverted nature, along with several other odd requirements-- he sees something in you, and I agree. You'll serve him well." I gulped. "Serve him in what?" "That I don't know. Dan is a very serious man, and secrets like that are above my pay grade. Whatever it is, serve well, because I stuck my neck out for you." "Okay, sir. Thank you for recommending me. I'll work my hardest." He nodded curtly. "I know you will. There's a car outside waiting for you." It was a quiet ride; the silent driver wouldn't even turn on the radio, no matter how many times I asked. That only made it easier for thoughts to race. What would the CEO want from a nobody like me? I was sweating profusely, watching an enormous mansion grow even larger from the backseat. We pulled up, past a fountain, and the driver let me out with a slight bow as I passed. It was Dan himself that met me at the front door. "Are you James?" he asked, sizing me up. I nodded, trembling hands stuffed into my pockets. "Good. Before we continue, you must promise me your silence. Swear it, James." I gulped, likely too loud. "I promise, sir." He led me through a home with massive windows and skylights, into a back room, to a door locked with a retina scanner. "You first," he said, holding it open. Down stairs that twisted like helixes, dimming more and more until I could barely see my hands. The air was warm, comfortable even, with a light floral scent-- lavender? Rose? It was faintly sweet, a gentle petal kiss. Breaking peak darkness, a wan glow crept over us, until my eyes stung during readjustment. The smell was stronger, but still not sickening. Pleasant, even. The stairs ended in an expansive room, with large rainbow tapestries stretched across wide walls, several candles flickering gently and beautiful furnishings. It was a modern, lavish setup with silks and sleek decor. A man approached, fit, well-groomed. He kissed Dan on the cheek. "Hi, Cathy." "Don't be so lewd, Samuel. It's inappropriate. And don't call me that around other people." "Oh fine, fine, worrywart. James, my boy- so wonderful to meet you. Do you like Settlers of Catan?" I knitted my brows. "Y-yes, but... what's going on?" Samuel smirked, winking. "Oh, *nothing*, as Dan will tell you. Just be a dear and keep watch at the door for now, if you would. Only come in once we call. I can't wait! Board game night is *so* much more fun with a third player!" */r/resonatingfury* 