
Being a god is such a messy, bothersome business. Once, I revelled in it. My teenage (well, in a way) self got high on power, and lesser gods knew to fear me. But how long can you be satisfied with things that come so easily? And so, I left. Contrary to popular belief, it was not gods that created the vast, breathtaking universe. No, the forces behind it were much more raw, primal, and they were not self aware... At least from what I could tell. I wanted to see it all, an maybe find something that would give me purpose, for ruling a tiny spec of dust crawling with gods and humans was... Not right, somehow. Millennia passed, as I travelled. I saw worlds unlike any other, spots of mortal life, with their own gods and struggles. Miraculous stars and galaxies, each unique and amazing. I didn't even come close to seeing all of creation. I was determined to pursue my goal, for eternity if I had to. But then, I heard a faint sound. Child's feeble voice, echoing through the vastness of space. With time, the melody grew stronger, until I finally recognized it: the song of old, from the time of my rule, that I had though to be long forgotten by now. At first, I ignored it. What would humans want with me now? I am no longer part of that world. But the familiar tune soon woke emotions I was not aware I was still capable of: fierce longing and inexplicable urgency. I was... Homesick? I had to see. Who and why summons me with such sad melody. Earth has changed much in my absence. The blue world below was now surrounded by a magnificent, massive ring. I felt it bustling with life inside. Humans were a capable folk, with or without gods. For the first time in thousands of years, I walked among mortals again. First few gave me a weird stare - it appeared like fashion has changed quite a bit since the age of bronze armors, so I quickly adapted to look more like current humans. I needed to find out what was happening, and causing chaos as a returning deity was the last thing I needed. I focused my senses. The wailing song was still there, calling to me more and more desperately. Oddly, I could not feel the presence of any other deity. Were they gone also? Or did their constant strife finally backfire on them? Curious... I followed the song. Finally, I found a massive building, striking proudly into the sky. Inside, I found a room. The voice was coming from there, I was certain. I entered the room... And it was empty. Puzzled, I looked around. In the middle, there stood a small table, with a weird, shiny device on top of it. The music was coming from it. 'what... Is the meaning of this?' The room became flooded with light. A female voice spoke calmly without emotion. 'Thank you for answering The Call. The Corporation is grateful for your contribution to human future.' I felt as if invisible shackles fell on me, sapping away my strength. I quickly understood. Why there were no gods, and how humanity advanced so fast. They harvested us, like we did them, in the past long forgotten.. or so I though. But they were not ready for a being like me. Whatever was holding me down, I tore it apart. In seconds, I was outside. They have angered the wrong god. * * * Thanks for reading! Any criticism is much appreciated. English is my second language so I apologize for butchering grammar. Peace! Edit: wow, my first ever silver! This post has gained more attention than I could hope for. Thank you all for kind words! Edit2: Due to popular demand, Part 2 now in the reply to this comment! Hope you enjoy it as well. 