
My mother is a YouTuber. Well, she isn't really, YouTube hasn't been a thing for a while. Still, that is what she calls herself, and it is really kind of adorable. It fits with her theme too -- she mostly plays classic games like God of War and Red Dead Redemption. Most of her audience are people who are still passionate about console wars, Skyrim memes, and hating on EA. So, older folks, classic game nerds, some speedrunners... and me. I know she doesn't even know I'm watching, but I like to imagine that in her videos, she is talking to me. Is that sad? It's not as ridiculous as it seems. After all, they do tell actors and comedians to imagine they are talking to a person, just one person, one specific person who cares. My mother is probably sitting in her room recording commentary for another video, thinking about one specific person who cares. And maybe when she says "hello lovelies", that one specific person is me. I realise that that is unlikely. She doesn't know where I am today. She doesn't know that I have children of my own now. She doesn't know that twenty-six years ago, I met the mother of my children at a gaming convention in a country on the other side of the world. Sometimes, I wonder if she ever thinks about me. I must have been a short blip in her life, a challenge she was not ready for, maybe even a mistake. I imagine it must have all happened quickly--the pregnancy, the breakup, the adoption. The only thing I have from her is my name. The only thing she has from me is a single photo from my first birthday, just like she wanted. My face was covered in chocolate and I was wearing a Minecraft t-shirt. I'm not sure why I stay up at night to watch her live-streams. My wife thinks I am building up courage to reach out to her, but that is not true. I don't think I am ever going to be ready for that, and I doubt that my mother would want that anyway. My children sometimes say that I just have to support people all the time, because that is just who I am. Maybe there is some truth to this. I do try to be as supportive as I can. I try to be her number one fan, always there, always enthusiastic. But that is not really why I am doing this. This is about saying goodbye. Because one day, her videos will stop coming up. On that day, I want to think back to the time I spent listening to her voice. I want to think that we gave another gift to each other. &#x200B; 