
The night the police told me my husband was dead was quite strange, mostly because my husband was right next to me as they said it. It was reassuring to a degree when the police agreed with me. "Yes, he does quite appear to be," the first remarked, glancing to the second, disbelief mostly across his face. "Yes," replied the second. "He does seem to be quite alive." They left in a hurry after that. Paul laughed after they did and returned to cooking dinner. "Odd," he said as he walked away. "How odd." The morning after that night was quite strange too. I awoke to a scream, (A first,) and it belonged to my frail neighbour. Mrs Simmins. Mrs Simmins always wore the same clothes. A pair of rotten slippers, one now grey due to mould, and a dressing gown that dragged across the ground. I don't know if cigarettes count as clothes, but with some ash stains on every surface of her, part of me believes they should. Today, quite like every other day, she looked exactly the same. The only difference was the colour of her skin. No shade, no life, as if all the blood had been drained out of her. At her feet, on the road, lied her corpse. In the same moment, she stood, screaming so loud, yet, silent, on the road, dead. After a few minutes, she was surrounded by people, all witnessing the same thing. The police came, and they had no answers. The internet saw, and they all had no answers. None of us did. The days passed so fast after that morning, and every single hour a new corpse was found. Every single corpse had a living counterpart, who couldn't comprehend what they were seeing. I spent a lot of my hours watching Paul in these moments. We realised the night the police came, they must have found his corpse. Was he the first? Two nights ago, a smashing sound woke me from my sleep. It came from the bathroom, far down the hall. In my bed, where Paul was meant to be, he was not. I was so afraid, and I don't know why; It was just Paul. Still, I grabbed a baseball bat we hid in the closet, (some vain attempt at security,) and sought the sound. A bloody pool trickled from the dozens of cuts Paul had struck into his own chest. His hands were shaking; a razor blade embedded into one of them. "This is not me," he muttered to himself over, and over, and over. "I am dead, I died, this is not me, this flesh is not my own," "Paul," was all I could say before he collapsed. The ambulance came, and they took him away from me. I overheard one of the paramedics say something along the lines of, "Another one." I could hear him screaming as they drove away. "This is not my flesh," "This is not my flesh," "This is not my flesh," Please, Paul, stop saying that. Please. I hate it so much. I'm laying in this bed without you, Paul, and I know it's without you, but the other side feels so full. And you're not here Paul, you're not here, so why does it feel so full? We both know why Paul, the other side is full of me. And If I turn around, if I turn around Paul, I'll see myself, and I'll hear your voice, and I'll know how right you are. This is not my flesh. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Check out /r/Rhysyjay, two updates in one week. 