
Her stomach growled aggressively as she pushed past the crest of the hill, leaning heavily on the metal stick she carried in one hand. For a second, her eyes lit up with expectation before turning ash gray once more. The sand stretched out for miles, the sight of great buildings on the horizon the only thing convincing her the sands did not simply continue forever. She sighed heavily, her hot breath starting to fog up her goggles, as she began her methodical descent down the hill. The earth was hard and dense as her boots struggled to dig into it, forcing her to spend several seconds for every step, making sure she wouldn't fall again. It was slow and grueling, but she eventually made it down, sinking shallowly into the cold sand. She found herself missing the hard stone of her homeland, something she never thought she would say. It was tough and cold, but at the very least it was reliable, something she desperately wished for as the winds kicked up whatever stray sand had not already frozen in place. Digging her face deeper into her collar, she started making her way toward the lone skeleton of a building in front of her, buried halfway into the sands. Stepping behind a large concrete wall shielding her from the wind, she pressed her back against it and slid down into a sitting position with a sigh. She had traded her last Potato for this information, but feeling warmth finally return to her face made it feel more than worth it. She sat there for a while, resting, and trying to warm herself up a bit. But most importantly she was trying to stay awake. She had seen many people stronger than her, succumb to the sleeping death of the desert and was not about to make the same mistake. No matter how heavy her eyes felt. She jolted awake, not knowing if she had been sleeping for two hours or two seconds, and terrified of both scenarios. She attempted to slow her breathing, looking around the broken room for something to focus on. In one corner was lay the bones of some man or beast that had at one point had the same idea as her, perhaps foreshadowing her own demise. Another corner was charred as if by fire and it made her long for the warm fires she had left to continue her travels. And lastly, in the corner directly to her right, there was some piece of scrap metal sticking out of the sand. She stared at it, wondering what it could have been for. Maybe a skyscraper that reached high into the clouds, or a ship that could ferry her out into the abyss. She jolted again, this time catching herself before her eyes had fully closed, and begrudgingly pushed herself off the ground. Joints aching violently, she made her way over to the scrap metal, thankful for the boost that even just walking gave her concentration. It looked strange when you were this close to it, less like scrap and more like a container, perhaps containing something of value? It took her maybe ten minutes to dig out the case enough for her to remove it with brute force. It wasn't that large, maybe 15 inches across, and she couldn't spot any kind of physical lock. Flipping the case open, there was a matt black rectangle sitting snugly inside the padding, accompanied by a much smaller rectangle attached to its side. Carefully removing the rectangle from its casing she found that it opened up to reveal a keyboard underneath, letters she didn't recognize mixed in with familiar symbols. It was a computer and, as she found out from the lights turning on in unison, a working one. As the operating system flashed onto the screen she chuckled to herself about how long ago it must have been when this was made. There were three profiles, one had a picture of a suitcase, one had a picture of a painting, and one had a picture of a robot action figure. Clicking on the suitcase she was taken to a white page with black text. Of course, she couldn't read any of it, but there were still some pictures around. On one side she noticed that there were a lot of different symbols forming similar words, and tried looking for her own language, but to no avail. Instead, she just clicked around using an antiquated trackpad, marveling at some of the images. Eventually, she got to a page that that had an image of a field. But it was not like any field she had ever seen. It was lush and green, flowers of different colors adorning the grass that almost swayed before her very eyes. It wasn't there to feed anyone, wasn't there to be built upon. It just existed, beautiful and green, right there on the page. And she cried as it all faded to black and the batteries gave out, leaving behind a girl freezing in the desert, alone. 