
"In a sec, Dad!" Michael sat hunched over his sauerkraut, eyes creased shut. His face was purple with rage and, along with his pain-stricken expression, was quite indistinguishable from a disgruntled prune. Sarah laid a comforting hand upon his shoulder as she had done for the past sixteen years, and the storm in his heart began to subside. "Lucy, come down for dinner now, please!" Michael called, voice quivering. "No way! This video Cathy sent me is totally cth'argukt phlag'zzrt!" Suddenly, the ceiling quaked and bowed, spilling flecks of plaster onto Michael's sauerkraut. Sarah promptly threw herself upon his back, scooping him into a warm embrace that had proven useful over these long, sixteen years. Michael glared at his ruined meal. "Lucy, if you don't come down this instant, I will drag you down here myself!" "Ugh, like, don't be such a nyoth'draglakon, Dad!" Not a moment later a tentacle burst from the ceiling, inconsiderately swiping at his meal and smearing it upon the dining-room window. Sarah kissed him firmly on the cheek, the embrace now tighter, restraining him as was necessary throughout these agonizing sixteen years of existence. Alas, as he watched his meal slither down the window, his temper finally splintered like the ceiling above. "That's the last, god-damn straw!" Michael pounded the table and shot up like a bullet, sending his poor spouse tumbling. He promptly stomped upstairs and tossed his daughter's door open without knocking, as was tradition. He was greeted by a gigantic, quivering, though not entirely unfriendly monstrosity. Lucy lay upon the bed, feet propped up against the wall, absently gazing at her holotablet. "Daaaaad, I'll be down in, like, a minute, okaaay?" Enraged, Michael tore the infernal device away from her. "What the fuck did I say about cursing in this household!" Lucy rolled her eyes. "Daaaad, I'm, like, almost an adult. Can you, like, klagthkar out?" She contorted her face into the most pathetic pout as a pillar of pure eldritch energy pierced the room. "No!" He bellowed, seizing Lucy by the shoulders. "I will not 'klagthkar' out, you can't just 'mlack'thryph'zot' with your friends, and you will NEVER again 'phloz'thkt' with Steven in the backseat of my god damn car!" "How the zzgl'thryhet did you know about Steven!" Lucy shrieked among the cacophany of tortured souls swirling about the bickering pair. "Oh, I don't know, maybe it was the ectoplasm stains you left on the seats!" The closet doors trembled and swung open, revealing a portal to outer space. A gargantuan, planet-sized eye slowly floated into view. "You read that in my diary, didn't you!" She swatted his arm away and buried her face in her pillow. "I HATE YOU, I HATE YOU, YOU BIG PHRAGLOCK!" The tortured souls fell silent. The monstrosity's tentacles trembled. The eye's eye widened in shock. And Michael had had enough. "You're grounded, missy! I don't want to hear another eldritch peep from you! If I catch another one of those, I'm not letting you drive the car for a month!" Michael flailed his arms, shooing the souls away. "And I'll know if you say something, because one of these damned creatures will be around as proof!" Michael slammed the closet door shut as the eye rolled in the most sarcastic fashion it could muster. "I'm sick of having to call up for repairs every other week because of things you learned on the holotube!" Lucy gazed up from her pillow, eyes red and glazed with tears. "I'm sorry. . ." "Sorry doesn't cut it, kiddo. We'll talk tomorrow." Michael sighed deeply, regaining his composure before ushering the monstrosity back downstairs and out onto the porch. It whimpered in the cold in protest, but soon left to squeeze its way back into the dog house. At last, Michael returned to the dinner table to find that his wife had prepared a second bowl of sauerkraut. He plopped amongst the remains of his dining room and dug in. "Gosh, I hope I wasn't too tough on her." He mumbled through mouthfuls of fermented goodness. Sarah hugged him from behind and planted a gentle kiss upon his thinning scalp. "Nah, bae. Dad game on fleek." 