
The car rumbled over the highway as Phineas stared off into the foggy distance. His bobblehead's head shook rythmically, nodding in approval. Phineas pulled into his driveway and parked his car. The slam of the car door and the house door were synonymous, nothing but a blur in the daily life of Phineas. "Hey Phineas," Isabella had gotten home twenty minutes earlier, "how was work?." "Fine." Phineas dropped his backpack by the front door and shuffled further into their home. He sat down on the couch, took out his phone, and started scrolling through Reddit. At the top of the page, a post with 75 gold awards, 350 silver awards, and 8 diamonds, titled "[MEGATHREAD] NEW MESSAGE FROM INTERGALACTIC SPACE COUNCIL: ELDERS HAVE ORDERED THE EXTINCTION OF HUMANITY". Phineas froze, staring at the words, rereading them as if there was a bug in the mobile app. Over and over he read the word extinction, it rattled through his mind, until his trance like state was broken by the ringing of his phone. He raised the phone to his ear while pressing the answer button, then said "Hello?" "Is this Phineas? The Phineas Flynn?" "That would be me, yes." "We have a job for you." - The O.W.C.A headquarters were in chaos. *"Yes, we are attempting to call all subservi-"* *"No, there is no way we can organize that number-"* *"I'm sorry, but that's just impossible!"* The flurry of conversations throughout the megastructure echoed constantly, while the head general, Major Monogram, sat silently watching, his old eyes thinking and strategizing. He took a sip from his coffee. "This is going to be tough. Tougher than you ever were, Doofenshmirtz." Monogram spoke to his age old nemisis now head of technology, Dr. Doofenshmirtz. The clock on the wall ticked down with every second, only 48 hours until the elder ones would drop out of hyperspace and barrage the solar system, destroying every family and town humanity had ever cultivated. "Not just tough, impossible! We've gone over every weakness that the ancient ones have, and there just isn't the logistics to pull any sort of counter attack or defense against them. We can't strengthen the Earth Defense System's outer shields long enough to defend off their barage of laser pellets, nor can we-" "I DONT WAN'T PROBLEMS, I NEED ANSWERS!" the chief slammed his old hand down and cusped his forehead with his palm. "Where is he..." Monogram thought to himself. The main entrance doors slowly flew open, and as Phineas followed by Ferb walked in for the first time in over a decade, Phineas' eyes solemn, the chatter almost dissappeared. Every living and breathing soul who could see Phineas was staring at him, begging for some answer that would give them hope. With a smirk on his face, Phineas said, "I think I know what we're going to do today." [ cont'd ] 