
They first crossed paths many centuries ago, amongst the sulfurous pools. The gates to hell, they were called, back then -- and indeed, they were, for many good men that day. --- Keanu looked across, to where his enemy waited, encamped. A great host of a million men, it was said, had come to conquer his home. That wasn't going to happen. Not if he had something to say about it. He looked at his men, gleaming warriors -- no, heroes, clad in bronze, and *knew* that they would hold. That they would fight, to the last man, to protect their home. That would have to be enough. Images of the Oracle flashed through his mind, the pale woman convulsing as she delivered the prophecy of the gods. *"Defeat! Defeat and despair! Oh, Lacedaemonians, beware! They shall come in numbers too great to count! Either the whole land shall burn, or a king will die! Beware!"* He chuckled to himself at the thought. Oracles always talked too much about what they didn't know -- prophecies were made for the masses, for people who put their faith into the unknown. He, himself, preferred to put his faith into his shield, and into his men. And there was something else that the Oracle didn't know. She'd given them a choice between a King's death or the ruin of the land. *But what if the King can't die?* He was no Achilles -- swords and spears would still pierce his skin. But Keanu had already been stabbed through the heart once, and yet, here he still stood. And they'd have to get to him before they could take his city. The enemy lines had begun to form, along the other side of the pass, while his men has stood at the ready. He could see his opponent, a man they called the King of Kings. *What a ridiculous title.* *He is no king of mine.* A messenger, bearing an olive branch and a white flag approached him on horseback, stopping out of reach of their spears. "I come bearing a message from the King of Kings, long may he rule! Lay down your arms, and you shall be given rewards, riches beyond your imagination! You shall be a friend to all of the descendants of Perseus, and rich land beyond your reckoning! Heed me, good heroes of Lacedaemonia!" Keanu looked at the man. He knew of the great heroes of Lacedaemonia. Was the man stupid or just mad? They would never retreat, not while their home lay behind them. His response was swift. A single javelin, thrown through the white flag that the messenger carried was enough. The panicked man swiftly rode back to his lines, conferring with the enemy. Moments later, another messenger, this one clad in heavy armor, rode towards his men to announce another message. "The King of Kings, long may he rule, is saddened by your refusal! In his great mercy, he makes a final offer! Hand over your arms, and you shall be spared!" He was answered by silence. Not a single response was made by the men before him. Two words broke the silence. "Come and take them." --- /r/taichi22 (Subscribe if you want more like this!) Edit: I'll be writing a part two to follow up on the prompt-- it's not fully fleshed out yet, I know. Nic still hasn't arrived, but I had to run to a job interview! 