
######[](#dropcap) *Josh, let's have dinner at Goldie's.* Eric sent this brother a text, his left leg tapping nervously as he awaited the reply. They had never gotten along well--well, they had never gotten along period--but when it came down to it, he had to do the right thing. The right thing by him, by Josh, and by the world. So he had gotten in contact with his brother after two long years of not even bothering to call on his birthday. He couldn't let his brother, who was in a couple of days, going to have his self-created religion decreed by the President as the next official religion of the U.S., continue believing in the farce. When they were in high school, he had found that the heating system in their house was strange. Strange in that if you whispered closely enough to the vent, your voice could be heard in other vents around the house. And as his room was right next to Josh's, he had found great joy in pretending to be an omniscient being, terrorizing his brother and giving him commandments. Such as 'Thou shalt not drink wine with cheese.' And 'Thou shalt not step into puddles with one's left foot.' Somehow, within Johanism, Josh's constructed religion, those had morphed into two commandments: to be careful about the company one keeps, and to always put your right foot forward at the first sign of trouble. How on earth Josh had interpreted those pieces of advice from the random words that sprouted from his random bullshit, he would never know. "Josh, hi!" Upon seeing his brother, he waved him into their booth. Goldie's was the go-to restaurant they had gone to since childhood with their parents, and it brought back old memories, as few and far between as they were. "In here!" His brother, dressed in white robes and donning a hat--that Eric had to admit resembled a chef's hat--sat down next to him, giving him a large, generous smile and extending his arms out. "Eric, my brother!" Eric awkwardly reached over the table to return the hug, ignoring the whispers around them. Josh had become a household name now, famous for his generous acts of kindness and strange pieces of advice he would offer to anyone who needed it, so his presence created a buzz. That made it worse, somehow. Eric cleared his throat. "I wanted to tell you something." The waitress walked over, setting a plate of fries down on the table--complimentary--and he moved back slightly to get out of the way. When she left, he spoke again, awkwardly avoiding Josh's intense gaze. His brother had always taken things so seriously, and that's what had compelled him to prank him in the first place. But it was better to get it over with quickly. "You didn't really hear God's voice when we were younger. That was me talking through the vent. I just wanted you to know, not because I want you to feel bad about not being chosen by God or whatever, but because I feel guilty about it. And I completely understand if you don't want to talk to me again after this, but I'm really sorry. I was young and stupid." There was silence. Eric's fist clenched as he waited for a reply. Josh simply looked at him, his expression unchanging. Then after a second, impossibly, he smiled. "I know," he said simply. "You...know?" Eric asked in disbelief. "Yeah, of course I knew. I just decided to go down this path anyway after you gave me the inspiration. People tend to believe in crazy a lot more than they believe in the sane." He popped a fry in his mouth, chewing on it thoughtfully. Eric didn't know if he felt relief or not. After all, the issue that had been plaguing him had been resolved in the the blink of an eye, just like that, and his brother wasn't even mad. "Okay," he said, feeling awkward. "Thanks for forgiving me." Josh didn't even bat an eyelash. "No problem. 'Sometimes the cat likes the cheese too, and there's no shame in that,'" he said, quoting one of Eric's lines back at him. Then he grinned. "You had some pretty great pieces of advice, not gonna lie. Made me seem like a crazy person when I quoted the lines at bullies, but they all thought I was possessed or something and stopped messing with me. So thanks, bro." "No problem," Eric said. He grabbed a french fry, swirling it in ketchup before putting it in his mouth. It tasted better than he remembered. ***** r/AlannaWu 