
*BLAM* , "another wanker kicks the bucket" i whispered to myself as the supersonic bullet hit the head of a wizard painting the ruined wall behind him crimson . It had been a four weeks since the world at large discovered that wizards and witches were not only things you find in fantasy books but instead a very real threat . the war started with the wizards or death eaters as they called themselves attacking people in the streets , no coordinated attacks at the government or the armed forces command structures just random attacks . The special forces were allerted and sent to the critical zones while the army contained the threat , London became a warzone and the 22nd S.A.S regiment , my regiment , among others was sent to retake it and that is what it would do. The objective of the day was the retaking of the Battersea power station with the help of the 58th Territorials. The guy that just ate lead was the third that day that didn't understand the concept of cover , the wizards were dangerous but they didn't seem to have any combay training whatsoever , as expected before the unfortunate wizard even hit the ground the other four morfed into hedious balls of black smoke and came charging in our direction slinging spells in my general direction , they clearely had not spotted me since the spell's didn't land anywere near me , a torrent of small caliber bullets filled the air as the territorials engaged the threat. The Territorials were laying in ambush inside the park just as I told them to. One of the balls of smoke was immediately swatted from the air as the man inside crashed into a bench bleeding profusely , in response the three remaining put up some kind of shield that deviated the bullets while one slung a fireball that hit one of the territorials gunners vaporizing him . I clenched my teeth "that poor lad didn't stand a chanche" i thought but it was no time for mourning and as i chambered another round in the AWP i had already locked my crosshairs on the head of the fireballer. *BLAM* as the bullet took down the mage the remaining two vanished into thin air . "Blue Command this is stalker one-one do you have eyes on the hostiles ? " I radioed scanning the park but there was nothing "Negative one-one those sneeky buggers vanished keep your eyes peeled" , i freezed something was moving behind the door of the room i was overwatching from , slowly i unholstered the pistol as i turned just in time to see the door creaking open , the mage was just about to speak when the mine placed next to the door detonated throwing him violently onto the wall of the room . Before the second one could gather his bearings a bullet from my gun made it so he never could . As i wiped the sweat from my forehead i thought to myself "well shit , this is going to be one of those deployments". 