
"I don't expect you to understand me." He told me, almost whispering it into my ears. "I'm a man of science. And science without usage might as well be religion. It's paramount that any equation of every generation, any law of every times find an appropriate use for it. Otherwise it is no smarter than a doodle on a toddler's floor. I have to admit, I stumbled across the equation. I wasn't even looking for it. But there it was, the algorithm necessary for the perfect murder. No one would find me or suspect me as long as it is all within this equation. It's too long and too complicated to explain, so why don't you just take my word for it. You seem scared. That's understandable. But don't worry. This time you have to be poisoned. Last guy had to suffocate in carbon monoxide, imagine that. Put that way, you at least have it easy. One little pill and it's goodbye cruel world. No pain, no loss. Don't be. Really. Don't be scared. It hurts you as much as it hurts me. Literally, because it's not gonna hurt at all. And when you think about it, doesn't Newton's Third Law dictate that I have to receive as much force as you give me? ...Huh. That's a new reaction. Why are you shaking your head? You're not scared? No, no, you are. But that's not why you're bothered. Ah, I see. You're curious. I could spot a scientist's eyes from anywhere. It really does pain me to have to take a fellow truth-seeker's life, it does. Well, here it is." He pulled out the whiteboards into the frame of light. There it was, the longest calculation I have ever laid eyes on. It easily filled the entirety of three separate boards. No calculations either, just the equation. The method itself was complicated enough to burn my brains, let alone the calculations that have led him to me and my apartment, my name and my occupation. "And there you have it. Sarah Asimov Munn. Nice middle name, by the way. That is your name, right?" I debated for a second, and nodded. "So there we have it. Well, it's about time then..." But upon looking at my expression once again, his gleeful smile disappeared. He paused with the syringe inches from my arm. "What's with your eyes? You still look confused. No, puzzled? No, uncertain? What is it?" I tried to speak, but my voice only muffled under the sock stuffed into my mouth. He hesitated for a minute and took the sock off my mouth. "What is it?" I took a few moment to catch my breath and regain my voice. After having waited patiently, he listened to my bewilderment. "Is that a 1 or a 7?" I have never seen a color drain out of someone's face that quickly. He turned back at the whiteboard in horror, his hands shaking and his legs trembling. "Wait, hold on, where..." He looked around for where I was talking about and stopped. And for the briefest moment, the empty basement was dead as the moment of big bang. Without a word, he relaxed his body. His tremors have stopped and his breaths have stabilized, but his face was out of the light's reach. I quietly watched as he walked out into the darkness and closed the door behind him. And a few moments later- A chilling shiver went down my spine. That was, without a doubt, sound of a gunshot. I had to wait a little to see a line of blood tricking down the floor. "Hello?" I called out, to no answer. I yelled again, to make absolute certain, and sighed in relief. With a careful stretch, I grabbed the syringe and worked on my bounds. After a long and patient lock-picking session, I stood from the chair. Carefully, I approached the door and found in relief that it was still open. On the other side was the body that used to be the host of the soul of my grim reaper. There lay a man smarter than any of his time, perhaps. There lay a man whose brilliance was only matched by his insanity. And I remembered the one line of mistake that had led him terribly astray. Sin(7p). "What a fucking idiot," I muttered, leaving the body of the dumbest man I have ever met to rot into oblivion. 