
Transience is an exhausting thing. Hell, living is just as exhausting. But at least you get to keep your body. And at least when you idiots die, you don't have to come back. Man or woman, husband or wife, mother or father, son or daughter, let me tell you an unpleasant truth. If I find myself in your body, buddy you got some kind of shit storm coming your way. So it almost always starts with me waking up in some random loser's body. First I check for the kind of genitalia I'm packing today; it helps prepare me for what to expect. Next I check my age. If I'm young, it's usually easier. Being trapped in some old geezer with cracking joints and brittle bones is no picnic. After that I check out the environment, and with a bit of practice you can piece together someone's life situation in just a few seconds. Are they living under an overpass? Can you hear the parents already screaming at each other at six in the morning? Are there bombs going off outside? I can gather your ethnicity, nationality, financial situation, class dynamic by the time you've woken up and taken your morning dump. So if your unlucky self has me piloting your body for a day, it means I'm there to prevent your dumb ass from dying. Usually that means that one day you'll do something important. Cure cancer. Save a bus full of school kids. Assassinate a president. Really, it could be anything. You may have a purpose tomorrow or in a decade, but when I'm here, it means something is going to try to kill you. Could it be a car accident? A home accident? A home invasion? I don't fucking know. And it's up to me to find out. Experience makes it easier. If someone else lives in the house, it only takes me about fifteen minutes of face to face interaction to determine whether or not they're planning to kill you. It's in the eyes. And the voice. In all honesty it's pretty fucking obvious most of the time. If they're a homebody, I assume the house will try to murder you. So I do a survey of the home, trying to identify threats. It could be anything. Weak supports, gas line, hell it could be an extra slippery bathroom floor. While most of you dumb asses can walk around all damn day blissfully unaware of how many things could kill you, I get to spend my entire existence on edge trying to keep your meat sack functioning. You can get into your car and not think twice about it. I stay away from every form of transportation. No cars, no bus, and especially no airplanes. If someone has a flight booked, it crashes maybe nine times out of ten. The tenth time is someone trying to murder my body of the day. And there are way more serial killers than you would expect, and they're always the hardest ones to spot. I guess if I find myself in your body, it could be worse. You could be unimportant. You could have no purpose. You could have no future. And I'm proud of my track record. I think I've only messed up one in a thousand, and that's a pretty good record. At least I think. I haven't met anyone else like me. I doubt anyone remembers me. I don't think that they can. At least I hope not. I've done some embarrassing shit. If I've learned anything about being human, it's that we're all going to die. My job is to make sure that doesn't happen today. Until you do your duty. Predetermined or whatever. It doesn't matter to me. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 