
Lester Garrett is an odd boy. Eight year olds typically avoid being alone, yet he enjoys regularly challenging the night by himself. Tonight he decided to take a stroll through the thick woods behind the park a few blocks away. He enjoys hearing the cracking and crunching of the leaves and twigs beneath his feet. The tall, tangled silhouettes above him move angrily in the dry air under the moon-lit sky. But Lester doesn't care how hostile the trees get, he knows they won't hurt him. Nothing hurts him anymore. Nothing scares him, either. When Lester heard the high-pitched cackling emitting from somewhere above him, he got goosebumps. Not because he was afraid, but because he knew he was *supposed* to be, and wasn't. *Come out, come out, wherever you are*, Lester thought to himself. The cackling grew in intensity, and it became clear that there was more than one source. Whoever they were, they were circling him, surrounding him, moving closer. He couldn't wait. --- The witches couldn't believe their eyes when they saw the small figure, probably a boy under the age of ten, walk into the woods. *Their* woods. They would invite him in, corrupt him, and use his dying innocence to expand upon their wicked power. Raven, the eldest, had more than double the power of her apprentice, Autumn. Autumn had at least ten times the ambition, though, and even Raven knew that it was only a matter of time before she would have to concede influence of the group. "Imagine the spells we could make with the young boy's blood!" Autumn said with the cadence of a hard laugh. She didn't want to wait. She couldn't. Raven knew something that Autumn didn't, though; that coverting the boy would yield stronger results. The boy must be corrupted, and give himself to them willingly. Then he would die, his bones and hair turned into mystical tools. Raven had no delusions about keeping power over the group indefinitely, but here she saw an opportunity to buy herself some time. The third witch in their group called herself Simone. She fancied herself the glue that held the others together, though in reality she knew she was lonely, and would follow them wherever they wanted to go. Whatever they wanted to do. Passive only around Raven and Autumn, Simone had a knack for being especially brutal and unyealding when it was called for. "We must terrorize him, but keep him in the woods." Autumn said, her evil laugh emboldening the others. --- Lester walked into a modest clearing where the moon cast swiftly moving shadows. The cackling seemed to come from the shadows themselves, though Lester knew it was just his imagination. The source of the laughter was above him, drawing closer by the second. He could tell they were trying to frighten him. A sadistic grin took over his deceptively innocent looking face. He would give them what they wanted. He would run, and they would chase. Lester ran back the way he came, kicking up dirt and leaves along the way. He looked over his shoulder and saw two witches flying behind him, deadly silent, their long black hair flowing wildly. *Just two?* Lester thought as he let out a fake scream. No, there had to be a third. He looked up, and through the tangled silhouette he saw the shape of the third witch intermittently illuminated by the intense moon. *This is fun.* Lester thought as he ran faster. 