
We never quite were the traditional couple. She was the breadwinner, working days and some evenings as an accountant at one of the top finance firms. It seemed dreadfully boring to me but she was good at it. Really good at it. We decided early on that I would stay at home once we had kids; maybe I would work an odd job now and then if we could use the extra cash but otherwise I would be a stay-at-home dad. People can judge all they like. It worked for us though. With things being the way they were, it was inevitable that I would be the first to experience Leo's milestones. I heard his first words, I saw his first steps. The usual. She would get to see them in the evenings after work as I did my best to get him to repeat whatever he had said. Eventually he was walking enough that we would go on a morning walk. He would run through the dew of the neighbors' yards while I strolled on the sidewalk close behind him. He would point at squirrels and bunnies and birds and mimic their noises and leaps. Then one day as we walked, a squirrel darted towards the street, oblivious to the certain death that awaited it as a car sped way too quickly for these suburban streets. I was convinced my toddler was about to see a close-up of fresh roadkill and I started to move to cover his eyes. "Stop," he yelled frantically as loudly as his little lungs could manage. I picked him up, pressing him against my chest and turning his back towards the grisly scene. That's when I saw the squirrel, safe from the oncoming car and suspended mid-jump just about the grass. "What the..." I caught myself before finishing my sentence and I carefully set Leo on the ground and we approached the squirrel. The car was long gone, having not even noticed the collision course it had been on. "Go," Leo mumbled quietly when we were far closer to the squirrel than I had ever been to one. And then the squirrel finished its jump and darted across the street and into a tree. As uneventful as the rest of the day was, I obviously couldn't get his little commands and the image of the levitating squirrel out of my head. Something about the ease with which he said it and the tone he used seemed familiar. "Hi, honey," Liz said when she got home. "Mommy!" Leo yelled and he ran over to his mother. It was a lot easier to keep tabs on him before he walked. I stayed at the kitchen counter, staring at them Leo cautiously. "Is everything okay?" she asked me when she walked into the kitchen and her eyes caught mine. I neither nodded nor shook my head. I stood there with my arms crossed, not taking my eyes off her. "We need to talk," I said finally. I pointed at the stool on the other side of the counter and she sat, giving me a quizzical look. "What's going on?" She seemed concerned and completely oblivious. "We need to talk about Leo," I said quietly. Her face went pale and she glanced around for him in motherly concern. "Leo!" He yelled in childish glee at hearing his name. It was an odd habit he had developed, like a miniature Hodor. He clutched her leg and she moved him away. "Stop," she ordered gently, prying his arms from her leg. "Go." She nudged him towards his playroom and suddenly the familiarity of that tone he had used dawned on me. "What happened?" She asked innocently, turning back towards me. "You tell me," I answered shortly. She should have already told me. We had a good foundation and good communication. We didn't hide things from each other, or at least I didn't hide things from her. "Leo froze a squirrel today." She gulped. She knew I didn't mean he froze it in a freezer. She knew exactly what I was referring to. "I can explain," she said. Her voice was just above a whisper. She reached out to pet my arm and calm me down and I flinched and pulled away. "What are you?" I demanded, raising my voice at her. Was it just stop and go? What else could she stop? What else could she control? I shook my head at her, the anxiety and panic boiling inside at how easily she had manipulated Leo and if she had... "Stop," she whispered in that soothing voice. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 