
June 14, 2038: Every space sensor we had up there was tripped. Satellite images revealed no fewer than fifteen unidentified spacecraft, each the size of several football fields in all dimensions, hovering in our orbit without the slightest indication of how they had arrived there. I was in the Pentagon as I saw the DEFCON counter tick from five to one. You could've cut the tension in the War Room with a butter knife that day. We were in unprecedented territory, the fantasies of an extraterrestrial invasion now a grim reality. Our entire stockpile of surface-to-space missiles was prepped and aimed at these spacecraft, but no shots were fired as of yet. So long as these potential invaders simply hovered above Earth without pursuing direct violence, the Commander-in-Chief wanted to leave a potential avenue for discourse open. For the sake of our survival, I pray his faith in the generosity of these extraterrestrial beings is well-founded. - Gen. B. Stamford June 15, 2038: As I feared, our Commander-in-Chief was wrong. Five cities were obliterated from the Earth's surface: Tokyo, Mumbai, Mexico City, Lagos, New York. 135 million people vaporized by ungodly beams of plasma from above. Our media suppression fell through, as news networks here and across the globe replayed clip after clip of these cities being glassed to hell. We fired everything we had at them. Hundreds of thousands of surface-to-space missiles from our stockpile alone, complimented by thousands more from our allies and enemies alike. We saw all those little streaks of light making their way towards a few of the enemy spacecraft, praying we could give the bastards a taste of their own medicine. We saw all the miniscule explosions. And...nothing. We couldn't even take out a single one of them. Some sort of energy shielding around their hulls according to the lab geeks. Christ, the faces in the War Room after seeing all that. We gave it everything we possibly could, and it didn't even make a dent. The ball's in the aliens' court now. All we can do now is wait and react. - Gen. B. Stamford June 16, 2038: Their shock troops touched down on Earth. Five more cities were unfortunate enough to be the landing zones: Shanghai, Cairo, Osaka, Karachi, Los Angeles. We were able to set up the 4th Infantry Division around LA in anticipation of an alien invasion there, but it was a fucking joke. Their equipment was straight out of sci-fi, from plasma-spitting rifles to plated armor that a .50 cal couldn't even punch through. Our guys outnumbered them five to one, and they still got their asses kicked out of the city within an hour. Air Force didn't fare any better, either. Sixteen F-35As wiped out by one of their fighter aircraft. News feeds were chock full with footage of civilians being indiscriminately slaughtered by the alien menace. May God grant us the strength to fight in these dark days ahead. - Gen. B. Stamford June 17, 2038: More of their infantry landed after their shock troops had cleared LZs for them. The speed with which these aliens can mount an offense is mind-boggling. Makes our finest men look like a bunch of backwater peasants defending their village in the 12th century. We've already lost California. Things don't look much better overseas. And as I sit here penning what may be some of my final words, I can't help but wonder whether there was really anything we could've done to stop this alien menace. - Gen. B. Stamford June 18, 2038: Jesus, Mary and Joseph. They halted their advance. A baffling tactical error on their part, one which we took full advantage of. Their blunder bought us time to start organizing troops into an ironclad defensive perimeter around California. Further recon showed they're simply holding the line and making sure none of us make any advances towards them. Fine by us. The lab geeks are poring over one of the alien infantry weapons we managed to recover in the retreat. With any luck, we can start to figure out a way to beat these bug-eyed bastards back to wherever the hell they came from. - Gen. B. Stamford June 19, 2038: More silence from the Xenomorphs, as we've come to designate them. What the hell is their endgame? - Gen. B. Stamford June 20, 2038: A Xenomorph representative approached our frontline, saying something about wanting to speak with our leader. Seeing as how we needed to buy as much time as we could, we patched it through with the Commander-in-Chief. The developments from said conversation were...astounding, to say the least. It communicated to us in perfect English that the fifteen dreadnoughts hovering above Earth were merely the *expeditionary* detachment sent to probe our defenses. That their main fighting force which was several thousands of times larger was awaiting the results of their reconnaissance. And, most importantly, that the X'andrei, which was what they called themselves, that were already at Earth wished to help us. Their kind had stumbled upon pro-labor literature from the likes of Gompers and Chavez during their initial invasion of LA, realizing they possessed none of the rights under their X'andrei overlords that our own workers enjoyed. As such, it offered to supply us with the tools to defend ourselves: technology, information, espionage. Maybe this is all just a cruel ruse. Maybe this is some twisted ploy on their part to give us a glimmer of hope before crushing us under their heel. But I've seen what the X'andrei are capable of with my own eyes. And at this point, working with these things may be our last shot at ensuring humanity's survival. - Gen. B. Stamford r/williamk9949 