
"Why do they flee, why can't they see, My mission is only diplomacy? I did not know, that their ship's gravity, Would cause my nose so greatly to bleed. I did not know that this red *even could* - Cut through their skin like a chainsaw through wood. Every time I try to make a friendship that's good, *This* always happens, forever *misunderstood.*" --- "My Queen there is news of the alien on board." "What? He still runs? How's he not yet been caught?" "Because his blood is like acid, and his eyes they can see," "In the darkness of night, and worse - he eats meat!" "Leave me, commander, for a while I must think." "Yes, my Queen, I will see the ship's shrink" *To the audience:* "A monster on board, and my crew think it he, There's a monster - tis true! - but that monster is *me*. They do not know how empty I feel deep inside, The loneliness burns, even with crew by my side." "This Queen for a King, every night she doth plea, She sails an ocean of stars, but she's forever lonely." --- "I will wander this ship, through this maintenance vent, Until the claws of friendship I duly cement. I have never really had a friend of my own, But perhaps with this species, I won't be... *alone*." --- What is that beeping? - he's somewhere on top. Ten metres, Five metres.... My God, he has stopped! Perhaps it is time, I'm too lonely to live... I will let him take me; I'll feel the stab of his shiv. --- I open this hatch, and through it I fall! My word, what is that creature, so big and so tall? Its eyes are like stars, its tongue - it is art! I think this creature has captured my heart. --- He is so small, so meek, - *why were we scared?* The poor thing is shivering - I think I'm ensnared! On his head there's a mop of thick, sandy brown, Soon sitting on that shall perhaps be my crown? *Together (taking each others hands/claws):* A billion stars, yet we've been so alone, Emotions like this, not before have we known. There's a kinship that burns deep down inside, With you I'll live, and always be by your side. --- --- If you liked his, please come check out some of my other stories: /r/nickofnight 