
The two men -- identical in all ways but experience -- sat with their legs dangling off the edge of the skyscraper, both a mere push from death. Yet both were also motionless as statues, looking over at the setting sun with weary eyes and slumped postures. "God, I'm unlucky," Ethan mused, lighting a cigarette and placing it between his lips. "A two percent failure rate isn't that unlikely -- you're only one in fifty. That's not exceptionally unlucky. You're an amazingly average statistic." Ethan spared his clone a bemused glance. "Cut me some slack, I'm just pitying myself here. Give a man that liberty before you kill his ass." He leaned back, swinging his feet with all the care of an intrepid teen. "I wonder what made them decide to off me. I'm the best they have. Or was the best, at least." "I know you were. The machine gave me all your memories," came the flat response. Ethan rolled his eyes, "Of course it did. Well, I guess you'll be wanting the talk." "That'd be preferable to simply engaing in idle chatter, yes." "I see you didn't recieve my charming personality." "That'll come with life experience." "No," Ethan said, eying his clone. "You'll always be an imitation." After a brief silence he plucked the cigarette from his mouth and tossed it off the edge, fumbling through his pocket for another. The clone's eyebrows knitted together, and he leaned forward in intrigue. "You know they kill you, right?" "Doesn't matter for shit anymore. I'm dead eitherway; might as well enjoy myself. "Hm." The clone cocked his head. "Anyhow, right. The talk." Ethan pulled the gun from his coat, cocking it back and holding it out for his clone to see. "First we're going to go over what this bad boy does." The two talked at length for many hours, although mostly the clone listened while Ethan conveyed a lifetime of experience and expertise in nothing more than sentences and motions; how to kill, how to survive, how to factor emotion out of the equation in doing both. Once he was done, he shuffled back against the roof and pulled out another cigarette. "Fuck me," he muttered. The clone quirked a brow. "You sure?" "What, no, that's fucking disgusting. It's a figure of speech." "Oh." Ethan cracked a small grin that dissapeared quicker than it came. He shook his head, sighing in resignation. "So that's it -- you don't need me anymore. I've given you all I can. Don't go fucking over my legacy, alright?" The clone nodded hesitantly, his hands tightening around the gun in his grip. After a moment's silence, he spoke. "So why do you have to die?" Ethan gave a dismissive shrug at the question, a grim smile on his lips. "Why does it matter?" "I want to know," the clone insisted. "Hm. Guess you do have some of me in you after all." Ethan chewed his inner cheek, his eyes moving skyward during a moment of silent contemplation. "I guess I got too kind, too soft. The guys at the top must not've liked that, and I reckon they set me up. They do that to a lot of people. The two percent isn't chance; it's cold, hard calculations done in offices by men in Armani suits." "Why did you grow soft?" "Happens after some time. It's a side effect of living -- first there was utter apathy, and that's when I was the best at killing. Unrivaled at it. But I guess that when your lifespan slowly draws shorter, you just want it to keep going. The fire to keep burning. You only realise its value when its going away; the greatest ignorance of youth, I tell you." Ethan turned to his clone, his eyes red and watery. "And now, in this moment, I want it more than ever. I don't want to die. Selfish, ain't I? Never gave a second thought to all those I killed." The clone rested a firm hand on Ethan's back, rubbing it as Ethan dejectedly buried his head into his hands and let out a pained sob. The grown man -- the hardened killer -- wept like a child that'd lost their favourite toy. "I'm so sorry," the clone whispered. Ethan looked up just as he pushed forward -- pushed his original off the edge of the precipice, casting him into the abyss below. Before Ethan made a bloody impact, the clone turned his head. A part of him didn't want to see the sight. A part of him that throbbed painfully. He looked down, and saw Ethan's dicarded cigarette packet. Crouching, he scooped it up in his hand, pulled out a cigarette, and placed it to his lips before lighting it. ---- /r/coffeeandwriting 