
The river ran red, not chocolate. The blood of ten thousand Oompa-loompas. He believed it made his chocolate richer. More vibrant and exciting. "There's no blood as perfect for chocolate as that of Oompa-loompas, Charlie," he said grinning his perfect smile. "And their blood is only good when they're in *jussst* the right amount of pain before being milked for it. Plus, it's a real aphrodisiac, don'tchya know. Heh." I get ahead of myself. Eighteen years ago I found a golden ticket tucked inside a bar of fizzy chocolate. Ostensibly, Mr Wonka was reopening his long-shut chocolate factory and, after publicity, had chosen to run a contest for five lucky children to win a tour of it. Truthfully, he was looking for a little sadist with fresh ideas to help him cook, and to one day, take over his demented empire. And he found one. A little girl who grew up into a monster even sicker than Wonka. I had thought myself lucky that day I found the ticket to get me into his factory. Looking back, I was cursed. Both my sets of grandparents lived with us, in a tiny little house that was one storm away from falling down. They'd always lived with us, at least since I'd entered the world. We were dirt poor. Mum and Dad liked to tell me that times were tough, but the truth is they were lazy. All of them. Dad could have gotten a retail or service job, when he lost his own. But he was above those jobs -- at least in his deluded mind. He'd rather we all starved than have pride pricked. Mum... She was even worse. Didn't work at all, as she had to "look after the older folk, Charlie dear." That was bullshit, of course. I knew she laced the onion stew every week with a little something to stop them being able to get out of that bed. So she could be a full time carer and collect benefits from the government for her efforts. Cigarettes and opiods. That's where the money went, without fail. Jesus Christ, that bed. You try to imagine the stink of a bed shared by four old folk who never leave it. Four filled bedpans permanently resting besides it. That's right. You can't imagine it. Can't even begin to. I resented them all. Hated them, and swore I'd never become anything like them. That I'd do whatever it took to make something of myself. I hated Grandpa George the least. He'd worked as a coal miner for nearly fifty years, and he would have kept on working down some pit or another, if Mum hadn't brow-beat him into retirement. Then spiralled him into hopeless depression with her poisons. The golden ticket should have been my ticket to the life I'd dreamed of. George's too, 'cause I was damn sure not leaving him with those people. "Grandpa," I whispered that night, as I snuck into my house long after the candles had been blown out. As a rule, I spent as little time in it as I possibly could. Talked to the people in it as little as I could. "Grandpa!" I shook his shoulder. He opened his glazed eyes. "Charlie? What time is--" He saw it. The ticket shimmering and shaking nervously in my hand. His mouth opened. I thrust my hand over it and he swallowed his words. "I won, Grandpa. I God-damned won!" My hand muffled a cry of joy that I knew had been due. "The tour is in three days time. And I'm taking you with me. Shh!" I let go of his mouth and his warm stale breath sailed up my nostrils. "This is... This is unbelievable," he whispered excitedly. Then, his face fell. "I can't go with you, Charlie, my lad. I can't walk." "I know why you can't walk, Grandpa. You're being poisoned. You all are. And I'm going to help get you better before the tour begins. You're coming with me, I swear to God." He smiled at me. Crooked teeth. Wrinkled skin. A real smile. I grinned back, already knowing what I had to do. It was the next day that I murdered his daughter. 