
Alice stormed into her room, slamming the door behind her. It was one of those days where the whole world seemed rigged against her, where the myriad travails of high school life just became too much to bear, where her only friend in the world seemed to be Froggy, in his tank. Froggy, who had lived for far longer than her mother had said he would, who had never let her down and had become her only rock in a world of pubescent chaos... A sudden jolt of love overcoming her natural disgust, Alice's lips touched the amphibian's moist body, only to find themselves opposite the lips of a rather portly Egyptian. "Congratulations!" He proclaimed, as Alice's body propelled itself across the room in shock. "For in giving honor to this humble frog, you have shown yourself to be worthy of the grace of great Heqet herself! Now name your reward, and such as I can grant shall be yours!" There was a pause as the man looked at Alice expectantly, before she babbled "Who in the what of I are you?" "Me? I am but a lowly priest, offered to the fertility goddess Heqet -praised be her name- to become one of the millions of frogs that leap from the flooding Nile every flood, and give her blessing to one worthy worshiper. I collect her price- an amulet, as token of your devotion, and in return bestow such a gift as even Pharaoh should envy. Though this place seems strange- if I may ask, where are we? For this is like nowhere in Egypt that I have ever been." "America?" Alice's mouth mumbled rather of its own accord, "Ah, Armenia! The mountains are lovely indeed, though the natives sadly refuse to respect our froggy mistress. There was a long pause then as Alice struggled to grasp what was happening, all while the Egyptian quietly smiled, unfazed by the silence. "You said that you are... I mean you want a price, an amulet?" she at last managed to stutter out. "Well, um, a few years ago I made like this frog necklace in art class, I tried to make it look like you, I mean the frog, because-" "Excellent!" Boomed the jovial man. "I accept your price! Armenian or not, you are surely in the cult of Heqet- no other would have cared to love our mistress! For she is difficult to love, yet all the more worthy of our love because of it! So what do you desire in return?" "A million dollars!" Alice exclaimed, not wanting to push her luck with this strange frogman too much. "Dollars?" The man frowned. "No, you misunderstand. Gracious Heqet is a *fertility* goddess, and fertility-related favors are all I may grant. Ease in childbirth is the most common request- are you pregnant or likely to become pregnant?" This odd declaration made Alice, who was slowly starting to calm down, start to feel like she was being pranked somehow. In that case, she had one chance to turn the tables back on the prankster, whomever had put this guy up to this, or she'd never live this down. "Well then, mister Froggy," she said with all the sarcasm she could muster. "I wish to be turned into the most BEAUtiful woman in the world, so beautiful that I will never have to put up with a silly prank like yours ever again!" The Egyptian frowned for a moment, before gulping and turning slightly green. After a moment, Alice got up and instinctively put her frog back in its tank, before collapsing in her bed in shock and confusion. She awoke a few hours later, convinced that what had occurred had been a dream- until she looked in the mirror. Teenage insecurity could not hide the fact that seemed regal yet familiar, beautiful beyond compare- yes, these were the sort of looks that could found a Dynasty. 