
The last thing you could remember before everything went black was the headlights of the truck moving towards you and the little girl you pushed out of the way screaming. You saved someone, maybe this time they'll let you go into the afterlife. It was a 'hell no' from Satan and a 'heavens no' from God. They started scolding you endlessly for dying again, in 5 months no less, and you scowled. You were tired of being dead one day and alive the next, you'd rather leave that stuff to Jesus, thank you very much. Then you interrupted Satan in the middle of his rant, "Remind me again why you wont let me die? I've wanted to meet Claudius for a while now. I need to know if his wife killed him or not!" God facepalmed and sighed once more while Satan just looked straight up done. "First off, Claudius doesn't speak English, and we can't just let you die because you're to make sure your assignment doesn't start any nuclear wars, we have enough problems in heaven and hell as it is, we dont need a orange human creating another one!" God said. "Can't I just murder him and call it a day, or make someone else look over him? I'm sure Satan wont mind him dead, right buddy?" You looked at Satan for reassurance. "We choose you to do it because you fit the criteria, tiny, quiet and passive aggressive! You're perfect for this job! Although I wouldn't mind him dead, I don't need him helping Hitler with his little tantrum!" You sighed, you've died over 100 times already, maybe it was time to do your job. "Fine, I'll finish this job on one condition," Satan raised an eyebrow at you, only you would bargain with God and Satan. "I get to see my family after I pass, you still haven't told me if they went up or downstairs." God and Satan needed you to do this task, and you've asked them to do the same thing for you over and over again. Maybe it was time they agreed, so you wouldn't commit suicide an unholy amount of times. "Fine! Now shoo! We don't want to see you again unless you've finished!" Once more you blacked out and woke up in your cold dead body, you got up and walked to the door, to do this task you had to sneak out of the hospital first, time to get stuff done. 