
For centuries I have brought peace upon the kingdom with my Magic. I have chained the creatures of the underworld, chased death away from our kings and hidden our lands from the eyes of warring kingdoms. However, all magic has a cost. The more powerful the spell, the greater the price to pay. My magic must be bought with blood. Only yesterday, a new new spell was required of me. Our enemies now use their own dark magic to gain eyes in the skies and our kingdom had to be hidden from the view of these demonic birds. As usual, the chosen sacrifices had been gathered and prepared by my assistants. One by one, they were led up the stairs to the top of the pyramid where they laid on the altar. Their skin was cut and their blood drained into bowls which were brought to the incantation room. Such a powerful spell requires a lot of blood and I was preparing for the long day of incantations required to convince such a great amount of blood to do my bidding. But, to my surprise, only 5 minutes into the ritual the bowls of blood started to glow and turned in to smoke, indicating the success of the spell. I stormed out of the room, not even bothering to take out my ritual headdress, to go ask my assistants what was going on. Instead of finding my assistants cleaning out corpses, what I found was a few dozen sacrifices cleaning blood from their skin. They were removing fake wounds from their wrists and trimming facial hair to change their appearance! "What is the meaning of this!", I shouted in the face of my nearest assistant. "Well ... uh ... we were just trying to ... it's just that ... hum ... the blood is actually notnecessaryyousee..." "You are telling me this was not blood? What Have I been using?" "Hum ... mostly .... Corn starch, food coloring, syrup, cocoa powder, fruit punch, and a few ... other things" "Impossible! The spell worked. There must be a price paid for that magic. How did you obtain these items? Did you pay with blood or human lives?" "No, actually we got some great deals on Amazon and at Walmart" "Ah, this explains everything... The name *blood magic* is very misleading you see. The blood is only the carrier for the suffering of the sacrifices. This suffering is what really fuels the spell. These items you used must be the product of the suffering of countless people." "So... you are not mad?" "Are you joking? This is the greatest breakthrough in suffering-based dark magic since the invention of bureaucracy! Get me more if it. Running shoes, mobile phones, etc. Let's see which works best." *** Edit: Thanks for all the kind words! I just realized that in the last few hours hundred of people have read what I just wrote. For someone who writes only occasionally for fun, this is amazing. You guys made my day! 