
Ben spun an oval tray on his arm like a merry-go-round as the tap filled seven large crystalline mugs full of yellow-green liquid that glowed under the dim lights of the bar. His hands and forearms were gloved; some of the stuff they drank out here in Omega-Four was so toxic to the skin it could eat right through you. "Table Seven!" Ben called to Lexora, the barmaid. Table Seven were regulars - a group of seven Vacari that came in a few times a week. The Vacari were a large reptilian species that reminded Ben of the dragons of Earth's lore. They had thick scaly skin, elongated snouts filled with razor-sharp teeth, and plated spines. Ben had heard rumors that these particular patrons were involved in an intergalactic criminal organization known as the Society of Seven. He didn't care who they were, or what they did. They came to the bar often, tipped well, and kept to themselves. Lexora retrieved the tray with two polished metal arms, the red bulbs of her sensors pulsing as they scanned the environment. "Anything else Ben?" "Nope, keep up the good work." the bartender flashed her a smile. Lexora had been the best investment he'd ever made, aside from starting an Earth-style bar in an untapped market. Lexora was an AI and she was damn efficient at her job. She was also good company after hours, always offering up some random bit of information. Plus, Ben didn't have to worry an intoxicated patron groping her. Two new aliens entered The Watering Hole and stood by the bar. One was a wide, tentacled creature Ben had never seen before. The other was an arthropod-species the locals called Sectilian. "Two Coralas." The cephalopod gurgled. Its black jelly-like eyes studied Ben for a moment, and then rolled toward his insect-like companion. Ben went to the back room and retrieved the toxin-filled Coral, and broke it into two. He placed one half in each mug, and then filled the mugs with scalding hot water. The water turned dark red and began to bubble and fizz. Ben carried the mugs to the patrons, who stopped talking once they saw him return. "Shhhhh." chirped the cricket-like companion. His antennae twitched nervously as the human approached them. The bartender slid the mugs across the bar to them. "That'll be 10 credits, gents." "Weeeee'll open a taaaab." Bug-eyes stated. Ben nodded approvingly. Two sets of large black eyes considered him. Ben scanned the bar. The rest of his patrons' drinks were still full. Lexora called to him from the back room. "What's up Lex?" Ben asked, smiling. "Ben... Normally I don't do this. But I think you should hear something." there was an unusual twinge of emotion in Lexora's mechanical voice. "*Initiating playback*: "What's so special about this place?" the cricket chirped from the speaker in Lexora's chest. "Slumming it must be in this year." a watery voice replied, full of condescension. The smile faded from Ben's face. "D'you really think he's from Dirt?" Lexora's speaker buzzed. "World of the sentient apes?" Dirt was, of course, a pejorative term the locals of Omega-Four had favored Earth with. It was meant to insinuate that humans were primitive and impolitic. "Just look at this place. Wooden floors, wooden walls, wooden tables. It's like traveling to a primitive world. This probably how they live where he's from. Not to mention the smell..." the aqueous words rolled into each other like waves breaking on mainland. "I wasn't going to mention it, but... he does have a certain... scent." the little voice chirped quickly. "More like stench! He *smells* like dirt. I feel unclean just being here." "Let's run up a big tab, and then run out on the stupid Dirtling." the cricket chirped cheerily. Ben had heard enough. He stormed out of the back room, Lexora following, and approached the two aliens at the bar. "Gents, I'm going to have to ask you to pay up and leave." Ben demanded, fire in his eyes. "Whaaaat?" the bug-eyed alien chirruped, his antenna and mandibles vibrating wildly. "These Coralas were cold! We're not paying for these!" the squid-creature's beak clamped angrily as it spoke. Chatter slowly died down around the bar as patrons turned to watch the commotion. Ben had never had to kick anyone out of the bar before today. "There's a saying, back on Earth-" "Dirt." the watery voice corrected. "*Earth*." Ben snarled. "We call it 'the right to refuse service', and you, my friends, are being refused. Now leave." The bartender's heart was thumping madly in his chest. He couldn't believe the disrespect they had shown him in his own bar. "And who's going to make us?" the swampy voice rolled, as the creature's tentacles rose forward menacingly. "You and your little robot?" The cricket buzzed angrily, it's entire body vibrating. Ben put his hand on the beverage dispenser beneath the bar. If it came any closer, it was going to get a face-full of toxic rad-water. Suddenly, the cricket's face slammed into the bar. Whitish-yellow goo oozed from the side of its head. The bartender looked around to see that the Society of Seven had surrounded the aliens at the bar. "I think you'd better apologize to our friend here." the Valari who pinned down the cricket's head hissed from behind fanged teeth, while three others grabbed his wide-eyed tentacled friend. "Ppppleeease. Don't hurt usss!" the cephalopod gargled frightfully. "We know who you are. We're sorry!" The Seven took their wallets and emptied their galactic credits onto the bar before throwing them out the Saloon's swinging double doors. "Drinks are on me for the rest of the night, lads!" Ben shouted, and began filling seven fresh mugs. 