
Alucard's coat flapped menacingly as he swept through the small London cafe. A few of the other customers looked up for a moment but quickly lowered their heads when they saw the dark expression of the tall man. Coincidentally, the table belonging to the only person who didn't look up was where he stopped. For a moment he stood over the girl, his shadow stretching out over the wall. He licked his lips, feeling the itch in his gums. "Excuse me, Miss," he said curtly. "Is this seat taken?" The girl finally raised her eyes from the book, her pupils dilating. She touched her blonde hair nervously and then nodded. "What are you reading?" Alucard said. "Oh, uh, Twilight," the girl said with a forced smile, showing him the cover. A shade of smoldering fire burned across Alucard's coal black eyes. The corner of his mouth traveled up his pale cheek. He had come here to meet up with an old friend but was suddenly feeling very thirsty. "Well, are you enjoying it?" He leaned back in the chair, pulling the gloves off his hands. "It's actually a school assignment," she said. "But the book is not as bad as they say." A full grin split the thin lips of the old vampire. Emotions didn't come easily to him, but something about this girl made his dead heart turn in its grave. As the girl returned to her book, his thoughts wandered to Lucy - he still counted the days and the long years. Olivia had been a good distraction for a while, but nothing quite compared to the smell of sweat and fear from Lucy. Suddenly a spark of lightning rolled through his veins. He looked up to see a slender woman in a black dress standing behind the reading girl. "Morgana?" Alucard said, narrowing his eyes. "What are you doing here?" The woman flipped her obsidian hair and smirked. "Is that how you greet all your friends?" Alucard rose slowly from his seat, towering over everyone in the room. His eyes flared in a dangerous crimson. "Friends?" "Colleagues, acquaintances, whatever you want to call it. Is this one claimed, by the way?" Morgana ran her black nails up the neck of the girl, who froze, goosebumps dotting her arms. Alucard's hand closed into a fist behind his back, while his face smoothed itself out in an artificial smile. "You are... *encroaching* on my territory," he said through gritted teeth. "Seems like I am," Morgana said, cupping the chin of the girl. "Tell me what you want," Alucard said casually, "before I rip your heart out." The temperature had dropped noticeably in the room, and many of the customers pulled their winter coats tighter around their bodies. "Your friend, Dr. Seward, Jr., couldn't make it today." Morgana dropped a blood-spattered silver medallion onto the table. Alucard's face went blank for a moment, before darkening like a thunderstorm. "Very of bold of you to deliver such tragic news in person." He took a step forward. "I know what you're like," Morgana spat, pulling the girl up. "You wouldn't hurt me in public. Now, if you don't mind, I have places to be... people to kill." "The girl stays," Alucard said, baring his teeth. The two vampires stared at each other for a long time. Morgana looked for a moment like she was going to cause a scene, but then let go of the girl, and stormed out of the cafe. The girl blinked a few times and then looked around the room wide-eyed. "What's your name?" Alucard said, his dark eyes still following the fading shape of Morgana outside the window. "I-I'm Emily." The girl was visibly shaking. "What the hell just happened?" The old vampire stared into her pale green eyes. "Nothing happened." "But, that woman..." "It's fine." Alucard held her steady with his gaze. "Forget about her." Emily nodded reluctantly. "I, uh, I guess I should get going." She got up, pulled her coat on, and hurried out of the cafe. Alucard picked up the medallion by its leather strap. The cross on it made him nauseous. He wondered what the young professor had found in Van Helsing's old archives to get himself killed. They were supposed to meet here today to discuss his findings. Morgana's presence in London was an annoyance too. He put the medallion into his pocket and was just about to leave when he noticed the book on the table. He sighed. A few minutes later he had followed Emily's trail to an old villa. With the snow swirling in his wake, he drifted up to the door, knocking twice. She opened with a look of surprise and dread on her face. "You forgot this," Alucard said and held out the book. "Thanks..." Emily said, uncertainty clinging to her voice. "Have a good night now," Alucard said, and turned away. "You too." She nodded weakly and closed the door. With the chilly wind rushing through his mane of midnight hair, he pulled out his phone and texted his confidant. >Ancient vampire known as Morgana in London. I will handle her. A moment later he received a text back. >Understood. Let me know if you need any agents to help you out. He put the phone back in his pocket and took off into the night sky. He'd never needed humans apart from their blood, and that wasn't going to change anytime soon. But working with the MI6 had its benefits -- free blood bags from the hospital, for example -- so he played along in their little game. At least for now. *** ## [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/9au9ec/the_red_river_part_2/) 