
"So where is the backup?" the one with the blonde hair asked. He seemed nervous. I swear the only thing stopping him from fidgeting with his hair was the black USP he was holding in both hands. At least he held it competently, so the odds of him accidentally shooting someone seemed low. "There is no backup" the old guy answered. His voice was oddly calm, his posture collected. The opposite of mr. Blonde. He sat on a rickety wooden chair with his hands in his lap. He did not act threatening, but something seemed off. "Well, you're shit out of luck then" the brown-haired one said. Good thing they had different hair, or it would be difficult to pick them apart. Well, usually it would. Mr. Brown was the epitome of sadistic cool. No weapons bared, but eyes that said that he liked to hurt people. He had chosen a good profession at least. "So, er... what do we do boss?" Mr. Blonde turned to me. I'll hand it to him, it was a good question. Usually when your people go missing in this business and you start narrowing down suspects, you expect to find some bratty soldiers, maybe a lieutenant looking to prove himself or who got handed a dirty assignment because he did something bad. You didn't expect single individuals and you certainly didn't expect someone who should be looking for retirement homes. "What is your name?" I asked. I didn't threaten. Blonde and Brown were the muscle, my employers didn't hire me for brawn. "Lazlo" he said. Was that a smile creeping up on his lips? "Most people have two names" I replied. "I don't". Yes, he was smiling now. Crazy fuck. God damn American teeth, too white, too perfect. "How about you explain why your face keeps showing up next to dead people?" mr. Blonde blurted out. Not the patient type. Then again, it would have been my next question, so I let it slide. "You know, I have asked that question many times myself". His smile faded slightly, as if the joke was a bit more serious than he let on. "Well, screw this shit. Let's just cut him up, right?" mr. Brown said. His voice a bit too eager. I wouldn't be surprised if he had an erection as he said it. Not a good sign. Then again, psychos have their uses in this business. Nobody could deny that. Too his credit he did look at me and he did ask. So as far as psychos went, he was an up-scale one. I was getting tired too. The business does that to you. Too many killings, too much hassle. I rubbed my eyes tiredly. I nodded to mr. Brown. "Make it quick, too much screaming and I lose my appetite". It was a tough-guy comment, and it was also a lie. I just didn't have the stomach for torture anymore. Mr. Brown smiled in anticipation, mr. Blonde gripped his gun a little bit harder. "Wait" the old guy said. But it was the way he said it. A lot of people beg for their lives when they are about to be gutted. But this wasn't a beg. It was... Mr. Brown stopped in his tracks. Right there. Froze like a fucking statue. It was weird. Mr. Blonde freaked out, but again to his credit he raised his gun competently at the old guy. No questions, no pause. Get the sights on whatever is off. Then he crumpled to the ground, hands cluthing... his throat? His eyes were panicky, blood flowed from a torn throat, his voice gurgling. I'd like to say that I did something, but truth be told the only thing I did was piss my pants. Old guy was standing in front of me now. How the fuck did that happen? Nothing can move like that. His smile just as cool, his posture just as calm. His teeth weren't American though. Mr. Brown stood just as frozen as before. I don't know if his sadistic mind was even thinking. I opened my mouth, but no words came out. "Shhh" he said as he looked around. Mr. Blonde's gurgles were the only sound filling the small warehouse. He looked me in the eyes then, they were pale blue like before, but they seemed colder. His teeth were still bared, still white, still glimmering in the dark. "I need your ships" he said. "You know how to bring things into this country without anyone noticing". My mind slipped. I just looked him in the eyes and nodded. "Nine items to be exact, about 7 feet long, 2 feet wide and 2 feet tall. You will arrange this". I nodded again. It was the only natural thing to do. I had to obey. "And these bodies you are looking to revenge? It was just a turf war, the people responsible are dead". I nodded again. It was true after all. I remember affirming that they were dead. The gurgling had stopped in the background. His eyes shifted slightly then. From something human to something that was not. And still those fucking bright white non-American teeth. "You will leave this place now. You will come back tomorrow with details of the ships I need". I nodded and started walking towards the door. I looked back at mr. Brown where he stood, still frozen, but trembling as if he was desperately trying to move". "Do not worry about this one. He thinks he is evil. I will teach him how wrong he is", the old man said. I walked outside and into the night. It was a shame about mr. Blonde and mr. Brown, but I had ships to arrange. 