
I sat down at the desk in the middle of the room, trying to still my nervousness. It wasn't easy considering I was facing the Council of Genies. Yes we have a council. How else do you control beings of phenomenal cosmic power? I sat and fidgeted while the 5 council members filed in and sat at their much larger and more intimidating table. "Let us call this inquiry to order," intoned the head genie, one of the first of our kind. He looks at the files before him and then gazes at me seriously. "Now. You have been called to this inquiry for your most recent actions. Please recount the incident." I gulped and straightened. "Well I was on duty that day, August 12th, and found an enchanted object being rubbed. I went as summoned and found the recipient to be a 6 year old child. She had found an old lamp in her family home and wanted to see if the legends were true." The council members nodded and the lead gestured for me to continue. "Turns out it was her birthday and she wanted a wish. I informed her that two wishes were already used against the lamp so she could only have the one. She thought for some time and made the request. I granted it and left." Another council member spoke up. "What was the wish?" "For her father to stop drinking and her family to be happier." "That sounds like more than one wish to me." "Well it was said in one statement and it was her birthday after all." "That's a technicality." "A core fundamental to the genie ideal is rigid technicality." The council chuckled and I felt my hopes raise a little. "Be that as it may, sentiment has no place for a genie's job. Please explain how you granting her wish would be the opposite of what she wanted." "For example wouldn't it be fair to have her father die from not drinking anything anymore? Or for her family to crave happiness above everything else?" Offered another council member. I nodded slowly and marshaled my thoughts. "True. What I did was examine her possible future given the options of granting her wish or not. Yes if I did the obvious line of reasoning the girl would have had to be given to adoption, having a long life of grim distaste for happiness." The council murmured in agreement. "That seems to go with our procedures." Another member remarked. "True." I agreed. "However, by changing the father's alcoholic tendencies and changing family priorities I have guaranteed her a far more suffering life." I smiled at the council's looks of confusion. "Now she will have a happy family that will stay with her her entire life. They will question her, meddle in her affairs, nag her relentlessly. Her father will take a huge part of her life and embarrass her relentlessly." The council members looked at each other and whispered. "That is...an interesting perspective. One might say the former possibility provides more distinct suffering." "Suffering is subjective. It is impossible to qualify the quantity depending on the individual." More chuckles from me quoting the book. "Well one may say that she well end up liking that suffering. Wouldn't that also go against our ideals?" I shrugged. "Masochism is an uncontrollable characteristic." More laughter. After a few moments of quiet conversation the head council member looked at me. "Well, you performed to the letter of the law so no punishment for today. Your sense of consequence is unique but not warranting censure." I rise and bow. "Thank you, I live to serve." The room bursts into laughter as we leave. 