
Laura cringed. The broken window showered the restaurant in glass shards. Several of the guests cried out in annoyance -- some left, while others complained to the owner -- but Laura just looked at her husband. "This is happening a lot lately," she said and picked at her food. Bruce wiped his mouth on a napkin, his graying sideburns and prominent chin emphasizing the hard lines of his face. "I specifically picked this restaurant because it's so far from... well, anything of importance, really," he said. "We can go somewhere else if you like, dear." Laura shook her head. "The soup is delicious. And I've never been bothered by a little bit of violence." A masked man in green spandex rose out of a pile of rubble, his cape flapping behind him. "Sorry everyone, but we've got a bit of a supervillain-situation on our hands," he said and brushed off his shoulders. "Excuse me!" Bruce called out. "Why are the villains here?" "The new power plant... I'm guessing they're trying to blow it up," the hero said and struck a pose. "But worry not, citizen, for the Emerald Lotus is here to save the day!" Laura rolled her eyes but said nothing. She was too embarrassed for everyone involved to comment. Instead, she tried to block everything out and just focus on the food. "Are you... sure?" Bruce pressed on, slight annoyance creeping into his voice. "Ha! Of course," Emerald Lotus said. "I can read them like a deck of cards!" "That's not even an expression!" Laura said and finally stood up, her fists clenched. "Don't worry, little lady. I've got this under control." The hero said, a confident smile curling his lips. "Uh-oh," Bruce said. "I wouldn't do that if I were you. My wife's got quite the temper." "I've braved many a hurricane in my days," the hero said. "I'll be fine." "You'll be fine?" Laura said, her eyes dark. "You'll be *fine*?" "That's what I just--" "Listen, kid," Laura said. "If the villains hadn't mistaken the new flower shop down the street"--she pointed at the sign that said 'Powel's Plants'--"for the new power plant, then nothing would've been fine! So, wipe that smug smile off your face and fly off to the real power plant. Because, I swear to god, if this city blows up while you're standing here talking..." The hero glanced at the flower shop and then back at Laura. A soft pink shade colored his cheeks before he shot into the sky and disappeared. Bruce looked at his wife, her fiery hair burning around her. It was a long time since he'd seen this side of her. It brought back a lot of good memories. "I know what you're going to say," she said as she sat down again. Bruce held up his hands. "My mouth hasn't moved." "But I know what you're thinking." "Well, they do need some guidance." "I'm not going back to it... and besides, it wouldn't be fair." Bruce shrugged. "I might give those villains a few pointers." "You took an oath when you married me. You're not going back either." "But they're so incompetent!" Bruce complained. "My pride as a supervillain is suffering." "Ex-supervillain." Bruce sighed. "Yes, dear." *** More stories of mine at r/Lilwa_Dexel 