
"How did you do it?" This wasn't a new question. He'd gotten used to it by now. Just like he'd gotten used to the flashing camera's and book signings. It had been a month since he'd given the seeds to the world. Now he could hardly avoid the camera's and fame. Pushing his way through what seemed like a sea of blinding cameras and yelling reporters, Trevor made his way to the Uber he had called for. Time to go take a shower! After slamming the door to the car, the driver gave him a mirrored double take. "You're that Trevor guy, aren't you? You know, curing cancer saved my life! I have you to thank!" Trevor didn't say anything. He couldn't. He knew it wasn't him who deserved the credit. Well... technically it was... He left an offended driver a generous tip and headed up to his 2nd story Flat. His shower was already running when he arrived. He immediately stripped off his clothing and reverently crouched at its entrance. "May I enter, oh holy one?" A deep bellow of steam tumbled out of the door, and a wave of comforting heat caudled his body, saving it from the cold air of the bathroom. He crawled in on all fours. Immediately the world went black. He found himself in a very familiar place. This was his third time here, but it felt like he lived here already. "Where are you, my liege?" Looking down at his hands, he saw that they were fully visible, even though he couldn't see anything as far as his eyes could pierce. It was as though he were standing in broad daylight, even if his surroundings were in the deepest and darkest of shadow. Before long, the crystal came into view. It hovered towards him at an anxiously rapid speed. It glowed an amber color, even though its surface was blue. As it approached, Trevor was worried that it might not stop this time. It's apparent pilot was a little off his rocker to begin with... It stopped abruptly, staggering Trevor and causing an audible burst. Trevor stood tall and did what he had done twice before. He laid a hand upon it. Immediately a hand sprang from near where his was placed and gripped his forearm. It pulled itself free from the crystal, slowly crawling its way towards his elbow. Boney fingers and white flesh hidden by the arm of a robe made its way to his bicep. The robes were exactly what Trevor would envision a man of this sanity to wear. Bright sky blue with white stars across every inch. They really didn't match the face which came into view. Caucasian, slightly messy brown-going-grey hair covered by a tall wizard hat of the same c, it was a kind face. Gentle even. His eyes were a sharp contrast to the sane gentle demeanor present in his body. They were entirely white, save for pinpricks of pupils staring directly at his. Even though the mans face was calm, the eyes held such intensity that Trevor could hardly bear to look at them. "I hate it when you call me that. I'm a Wizard. Not a king. I was a king... will be a king...? What year is it when you're from?" Trevor had enough of the wizard to understand not to question a question. "2017" he said simply. The wizard didn't seem to notice. "Good times. Ahh... Kinghood. You should refer to me as your 'liege' more often... Anyways, your monthly wish. Sorry again about getting you. Wrong guy and all. But hey! You got one wish! Should have given you some kind of rules. Wishing for more wishes. Sneaky sneaky. Now you get them until you die!" "It's my third month. I know what my next wish is... My liege..." "Hmmmm... I don't like it. Not a king. What do you want this time?" "I'd like to solve another of the worlds problems. I really don't know what else to use such a grand power for." "Hmmmm..... Maybe I picked the right one after all..." 