
> Hello Jonathan, > Just a reminder that the warranty on [Chris Lore] is due to expire in 30 days. We would highly recommend that you trade it in for the latest model (2.158C). The newer model is both more realistic and more intelligent. If you want to do so, please get in touch and we will remotely terminate [Chris Lore] immediately (or you can do so yourself). I'm not sure how many times I re-read the email. It *couldn't* be real. Was I just some kind of... robot? No, it was a joke! Spam. It was spam. That's all. I hadn't meant to read my dad's email at all, but I needed to print out tickets for a gig I was going to and his computer was already turned on. So I emailed them over to his account, got on his PC and... I searched for further emails from the sender: "ARC". I found three more : A receipt of purchase, a "Thank you for ordering," and an email titled: "We hope you are happy with your purchase. Here are some handy tips:" *What the hell was going on?* My dad would be back soon, I had to do something *now*. I had to know for sure. I opened Google. My search for "ARC" revealed thousands of results, and nothing that looked remotely promising. I tried to narrow it down: "ARC Robotics." I clicked on the top result. > Welcome to the Advanced Robotics Corporation > Have you lost a loved one? Unable to conceive? Why not try ARC humanoid replacements. We guarantee a ninety-eight percent perfect replica, with zero chance of false-self awareness. We promise you'll love your replacement every bit as much as the original! >Call now to discuss options. I browsed the various pages and looked at the models available. This couldn't be real. Why had I never heard of ARC? I wasn't a replica... I wasn't. I left my dad's office and hurried down to the kitchen. I grabbed a knife and held it for a few moments. *Was I going insane?* I bit my lower lip and ran the knife's edge across the skin on my arm. Nothing happened, my skin was unhurt. I checked the knife - it at least *looked* sharp. So why didn't it cut me? I tried again, with more pressure, and using the point at the tip of the knife, but I couldn't cut through my skin. My hands began to tremble and I dropped the knife onto the floor. *I couldn't hurt myself*. Either, I wasn't allowed to, or my skin was made of something incredibly dense. *When was the last time I bled? When did I last hurt myself?* It was three years ago. I was on my bike, and dad was reversing out of the drive and he went a little too fast, he'd been in a rush - and... I'd hurt my head. There was pool of blood gathering around me, and my dad was over me, holding me, smiling. He said it would be OK. And it was. It was okay. I woke up just a few hours later in my bed. My head was fine. I hadn't thought about the incident since it happened. Dad's hair was longer back then, and darker. But when I woke, it was almost a crew-cut. *Jesus...* I ran back up stairs and into dad's office. I clicked back onto the email account and opened the latest email about the warranty expiring, and I began desperately composing an email of my own. >There is no need for a replacement. We are perfectly happy with the model we have. How long can these robots last for, if we took care of it? I would li "I'm sorry," said a voice from behind me. I hadn't heard the front door. Dad stood behind me, holding some kind of remote in his hand. There were tears welling in his eyes. "Dad, please... I'm your" --- /r/nickofnight 