
I ducked under the flying book with practiced ease and it slammed into the wall behind me. "Abarakadabum!!" My mother was fond of screaming made up spell names during her nightly drinking sessions. She laughed and subsequently lost her balance, rolling off the couch and falling bodily onto the floor. I took the opportunity to flee, quietly slipping out the front door. I lit a cigarette and walked down the empty street, pulling the red and gold scarf my mom had given me years ago close. I don't know why she kept doing it. Not the drinking; I knew why she drank. It was the fantasy, this idea that Hogwarts was real and that I was a witch. Obviously, I had figured it out years ago but my mother refused to admit the stories were just that, stories. Well, anyways, these days we would only get a few pages into the Order of the Phoenix before mom had downed two martinis and started to slur her words. I finished my cigarette and walked home. To my surprise my mother was upright and sitting at the table, with a cigarette of her own in one hand and a letter in the other. "Look what an owl brought me," she said. Her eyes were red but alert. Her hand snaked out and grabbed my wrist, and she pulled me toward the letter. "Open it!" There was a hint of menace in her voice. The letter was an invitation to Hogwarts, done in my mother's crude hand writing. She hadn't even put effort into it. I couldn't help it; I teared up. Why did she do this to me?! Later that evening I could hear her laughing on the phone, "she even started crying, the idiot! Tomorrow I'm taking her to Kings Cross. We are going to break the internet. This shits going viral." That morning I went along with everything. I stood mutely while my mother dressed me in a kids halloween costume, not even a brand name but a cheap knock off, "wizard boy cloak". We got to the station and she pushed me towards Platform 9. I turned to her, hoping that she would realize that I was still her daughter and not her play thing, not a burden, but a girl who still loves her mom, despite the beatings and the drinking. She blew me an exaggerated kiss, pulled out her cell phone, and motioned me to get going. So I ran. I ran headlong at the pillar, because fuck it. Because at best I would jar my brain in just the right way and the last 13 years of my life would be forgotten, and who knows, maybe this would make my mother happy. As I got closer to the pillar I even started to believe that I was on my way to Hogwarts. That this was it. I could hear my mother laughing. I closed my eyes and braced for the impact. There was a roar in my ears. But I just kept running. "Steady!!" Firm hands gripped me. I looked up to see the kindly face of an elderly man in a peculiar set of robes. He had a long white beard and half moon spectacles. I looked around to see young people in black robes everywhere. The man looked down at me. "We are so glad you've made it." 