
Something is wrong, or maybe it's right. Either way, the day is perfect, too perfect and vivid for any ordinary dream. The hill behind our house in the suburbs of LA when I was a kid, with the skyline and those lights just peaking out over the hills in the distance. The fading warmth and sunlight, just like all the nights I spent out there watching the sunset with only the company of a joint, wishing... "Hi," she says, and her smile is perfect too. She sits on the tire swing, the dusty, barely hanging swing my father and I put there so many years ago. Or when was it, in this dream? "Do I know you?" I ask. "Of course you do. Who am I?" "The girl of my dreams." And she really is. Light freckles sprinkled like stardust, hair looking like it's on fire in the dying light. And the eyes, like staring into the greenest emerald you could ever see. Eyes I could stare into forever, and feel like I'd wasted no time at all. "Why are you here?" "Why do you think?" she asks. "To fall in love with you." "And I'm supposed to fall in love with you?" "Of course," she says. "That doesn't really feel right to me. I have a girlfriend. We're getting pretty serious. And we work together too." "And that's enough? Deep down, you know. You two are only settling, because it's that time when people are supposed to settle down so all their friends and parents will stop annoying them. And eventually you'll start to hate each other, and hate yourselves for settling." It's scary how right she is. I say nothing. "I scare you, don't I? Because that's what you've always wanted the girl of your dreams to do. To tell you what you know, but don't want to admit..." - What was I supposed to do? When your dreams come knocking, you answer. I did get married to my girlfriend, out of some sense of obligation to someone. Maybe my parents. Maybe my sense of guilt for cheating on her in some way. But was it really cheating on her? In my dreams, everything I wanted came true. We fulfilled everything, from childhood dreams to explore Narnia to becoming a beloved writer to searching for the Infinity Stones in the galaxies with the Avengers. And we were together the whole time. My waking hours became sleep, merely a buffer to pass the time until I could return to my dreams. I lived lifetimes with her, new lifetimes every night, each starting and ending at the swing on the hill behind my house... - "How did you get here?" I ask her, sitting on the swing, watching the sky fade like a dying phoenix. Our time together is winding down yet again, after a lifetime sailing the seas. "What do you mean?" she asks. "I mean...where do you go when I wake up?" "I don't know," she says. "I guess I go to sleep, too." "Can I ask you not to come anymore?" She is silent, for a long time. There are moments like these, that suggest to me that maybe she has feelings too, that she isn't just some manifestation of my desires and lost hopes. "Why?" "Because my girlfriend and I are thinking of having kids soon, and it wouldn't feel right..." Surprisingly, she doesn't protest. "Ok," she says, her voice choked up. "If that's what you want." "I'll always love you," I say. "Me too," she says. And as the sky fades, I close my eyes, and hold her tightly... - I've lived a good life. Or at least, anyone else who looks at my life would say so. I worked diligently to provide for my family, and was faithful to my wife, and put in time with my kids. One of them even grew up to be a decently successful author himself, and that makes me almost as happy as if I had succeeded myself. But truth be told...I've always wondered. Did I make a mistake, letting her go like that? I guess maybe everyone in life has a choice like that at some point, duty or your dreams, and lots of people make the same choice as me. My family is here with me, at the end. I smile, and I am genuinely happy. It touches me to see all their tears, and feel their warm hugs. I close my eyes. When I open them, they are gone. And... "Did you miss me?" she asks, smiling broadly. "How are you here?" "Come on," she says. "I have someplace to show you. Although I think you've been there before..." - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 