
>Ridicule. I spent five years being utterly, totally humiliated by friends, family and coworkers who called me *paranoid* or 'insane'. They said it was absurd to spend tens of thousands of dollars on a bunker equipped to keep me alive in a zombie apocalypse. Rejecting the civil standard to spend all of my money furthering my lineage with spawn was frowned upon. >Well, I'd *love* to see them now. To see their laughing faces rotted and sloughing off skulls, with eyeballs melting out of their sockets. When disaster struck, I bet they all thought of me. I bet they went running through their front doors, desperately clamoring down the desolated streets to make it here. I never heard them knock, though, not in the first weeks, so they must've been caught along the way. They must've cried out in terror, shrieking with pain, remembering their mockery of me. >It's been over a month, since then, however. I do miss them occasionally, when the pangs of loneliness strike from time to time, but the hundreds of books, video games and movies I stockpiled keep me occupied enough. I also make sure to review all my handbooks and survival guides on living in a zombie apocalypse every morning to keep my mind fresh. It's a ritual, one that will continue to keep me alive, though these works are not perfect. They are purely speculative, written based on imagined occurrences and assumptions. >Well, friends, I have decided to compile this book, of sorts- my own survival guide, and in some senses, a diary. A log of events that occur in these post-modern days. In it, I will cover what I know about the apocalypse, and what I know of the effects this unknown virus has on humans. Through time, perhaps I will begin to venture outward and learn more, but that will have to wait. Why, you ask? >Because, as you most likely know, they're *intelligent*. I mean, almost indistinguishable from a normal human. Sometimes, they come banging on my exterior barricades and the exochamber, proclaiming that the virus has been contained. They tell me it's safe, and demand that I open the door. Some have even impersonated people I knew from a previous life, feigning the wavering voice of my mother or sister. Can they impersonate that well? Or is this a virus that, for lack of a better description, controls minds, reshaping a person? >Regardless of the details, they think me a fool, like all the others who stayed out and perished. But I, like you, am the opposite. I will not yield. >I will survive." Lisa put the booklet down, a worn old thing fraying at the edges with smudges of black ink on the fore-edges. After a deep sigh, she turned her head down and wiped at wetness on her cheeks. This was her son, after all, her own boy, and his obsession was apparent from the first sentence. She sensed the pain and gripping fear that must have held him so tightly that he felt crushed by it. She wondered, *Can I make it through the rest of this?* He was dead, now, and she cried not for his death, but his life. His poor, wretched life. ------- *Part two is below!* */r/resonatingfury* 