
The winter winds had finally arrived, and they bellowed across the streets like the screams of dying men. They wrapped the village and didn't care to ignore that lone alleyway where the bones of the hated little urchin rattled with cold. Elarin was his name and his only weapon against the gelid currents was an old, tattered rag and the dwindling hope that tomorrow would be a better day. However, each day slaughtered his faith, for the villagers found joy in spitting, laughing and throwing things at him. Another boy went far enough to throw him a stone which hit him in the head, and left Elarin unconscious as the crowds walked by smirking at the bleeding urchin. It was that very night when the winds returned colder than ever before and halted when they saw Elarin trembling with a pallor worthy of the moon and closed eyes. The winds enveloped, and carried him into his alleyway and covered him in his old, tattered rag. Then, when Elarin recovered consciousness, the winds retreated and left a strange warmth imbuing the alleyway in their wake. Elarin frowned and grabbed his throbbing forehead. He winced when he found his palms covered in blood, and feared that he would not live to see a better tomorrow. However, when he recollected the events of that day, he couldn't help but wonder who had taken him to his alleyway. He was certain no member of the village could have done it, for they hated him, and called him names, and relished his misery. "Did you do this?" He asked to the bellowing winds passing down the streets, and for a moment he thought he heard a change in the winds' noise, almost like an agreement. Elarin smiled, and went back to cover himself with his rag, in his little pocket of heat. The winds cared for him, yet they didn't for the villagers, otherwise they wouldn't be punishing them with their coldness. The winds were timeless and wise, and so Elarin convinced himself he was a soldier of the winds' army, a breeze of flesh and bone. He scampered down the city, and the winds pushed him from behind, as if encouraging him. He soon reached an apothecary who never closed their door. Elarin skulked inside, and stole a roaring torch from the hall, then he darted toward the herbalist store, whose walls were covered in vines, and set them afire. The winds agitated the flames, making them grow taller than Elarin thought it was possible. The fire spread across the village, yet no scream was heard, for the villagers were deeply asleep. Soon, the entire city was aflame, and Elarin stood in the middle, enjoying the show. It took him a minute to realize the flames kept their distance from him, as if afraid. He ran toward them, and they ran away. He was fascinated and the winds were pleased, yet a sudden thought pulled his heartstrings, and so he barreled toward his alleyway, and he breathed a sigh of relief. His old, tattered rag was unscathed, and so was his alleyway. He covered himself with it, and amidst the inferno, he went to sleep. Tomorrow would be a better day. 