
The walk towards the monastery was slow and pensive. They say the five-thousand steps represent the five-thousand choices we make in our lifetime. Everyone who walks the steps and stops to contemplate their lives will, in turn, come to realize that the most important choices are not the ones made for themselves, but the ones we make for others. That is--if you believe the holy men of the mountain. My father believed. He always believed, always had faith in the healers and their wisdom. He always strove for enlightenment and understanding. Maybe that's why he left me. Maybe he didn't understand at the time that leaving for a great spiritual journey was a selfish choice. I only hope his days of mediation have brought him clarity. My mother urged me to go. She said I needed a catharsis. I told her I loved her, and I would miss her dearly. At least--that's what I wish I said--but my words burnt and sliced away at the straining threads of our lives. Bitterness. A silvery, acrid numbness spread across my tongue. The mountain wind whipped at my ankles while I walked step after painful step. The back of my shoes rubbed my ankles raw until they smarted and stung with every tedious step. I lost count around five-hundred, but I needed ten times that to reach the monastery. The dawn rose overhead. The sun beat down it's golden fury on my back. My throat parched as the day rose, but I could offer no relief. I stumbled, hazy, wanting nothing more than to turn back but knowing that turning back now would make myself an irredeemable failure. As the sun faded to twilight, I reached the monastery. Great pillars of white marble towered from the mountainside. Brass torches blazed with blue flames. The temple door stood open, its intricately carved grandeur somehow more mesmerizing and awe-inspiring than I could possibly imagine. Three monks appeared. They rushed towards me, three men with clean-shaven heads and matching, magenta robes. The first one opened his arms wide and stopped in front of me. "Welcome! Andrew--we have waited long for you," he said. "You know my name?" I asked. "I know many things. But you are here now for one reason, and it is foolish to tempt fate with pleasantries. Come, your enlightenment awaits." The other two monks bowed low towards me and fell prostrate on the ground. I looked at them cautiously and hesitated. "Wait--what's going to happen to me?" "Come, come! All will be answered. All will be revealed. The Oracle gives freely knowledge to those who ask!" the first monk replied. He waved me forward. I stopped. For a moment every iota of my being screamed at me to run. I tensed. Sweat covered my palms, and not just from the arduous climb. A lump caught in my throat; the monk waved again. His smile seemed genuine, and he looked harmless enough. Fighting the urge to run, I followed him through the mighty threshold and into the dimly lit temple. "What is this place?" The great hallway rose above us with strong pillars and wooden tables. The monk led me down a side hallway, into a narrow chamber with velvet curtains and white candlelight. He spoke quietly. "Long ago, the mighty Roc carved the temple with its talons. The Centaur blessed it with mindfulness, and the Sphinx gave it foresight. The Roc--strength. The Centaur--wisdom. The sphinx--understanding. With these three in balance, so too we find the balance within ourselves." "That's a load of horse-crap," I said. "Maybe so, but even the horses know to not shit in their master's home." I winced. "Sorry." He walked towards a table. Pillows lay at one end, herbs at the other. He gestured and curtsied. "This is where you will find your spirit. Please! Lay here on the altar of purification and become one with yourself." I balled my fist on the smooth linens. "What's going to happen?" The monk started grinding the herbs in the pestle. "It will feel like a dream. Nothing more." "Is it safe?" "You ask the wrong questions." "What are the right questions?" He smiled. "Now you're getting there." I sat on the altar. A force compelled me to undress, and I did so without hesitation or shame. The monk seemed not to notice, and for a moment everything felt oddly peaceful. There was a certain enchantment to this room as if nothing ill or dim or dark could ever come from it. All was rest. All was knowledge and peace. I lay naked on the altar, my mind oddly at ease. I heard myself say, "Are there birds, there?" "If you wish for them." The monk took the crushed herbs and began to sprinkle them overtop me like a seasoned roast: The sweet scent of lavender, the strong musk of sandalwood, the mystic complexity of sage and lemongrass. "Will I remember everything?" I asked. "if you choose to remember," he said. He grabbed a worn, leather-bound book and flipped to the first page. Walking around the altar, he started chanting in a hymn. The ground around me started to vibrate. An odd sense of cold rushed through me, followed by a searing warmth. My fingers tingled and my hair rose like crackling electricity. I stopped breathing. I stopped blinking. My heartbeat froze for a moment. The world faded to black. *** r/BLT_WITH_RANCH EDIT: PART 2 BELOW 