
Richard dragged himself up onto the ledge, his boots scrambling against chalky rock; a plume of white rubble careened down the mountainside, glistening in the evening sun. With a last herculean effort, he pulled his legs up over the edge, peeled his rucksack straps off and collapsed onto his back. For a while, he just lay there, sucking in long, laboured lungfuls of air. He wasn't as young as he used to be, and right now, he felt every year in his aching joints. "Sir," said the black device strapped around his chest, the lights on its circular plate flashing an unsympathetic red. "We have to get moving if we are to make it before nightfall." "Come on Lexi, give me five minutes," said Richard, as he sat upright and took in the vista. The Serbian mountains in front of him were like the jagged teeth of a saw, their tips covered in a white rust. Below, a vast sapphire oval reflected the peaks looming above it. *Water.* Not owned by a corporation. Not owned by any man. Just like the cold, unregulated air up here. How did people ever take air for granted? For a fleeting moment, his thoughts travelled back to England. He'd never imagined a day when a corporation would be able to buy an entire country. "Sir," Lexi said, "you can't set an important reminder and then just expect me to just forget all about it. What do you think I am? Siri?" The device sounded vaguely disgusted. "Lexi, just... *stop*. Look, I'm getting up. Okay?" "I'm pleased to see it." Her lights calmed to blue. With a great heave, Richard picked up his rucksack and hooked it over his shoulders. He could feel its reluctance on his aching spine. He looked up at the imposing mountain above him and let out a puff of air. "Your heart rate is back to normal, at least for a man of your age." Richard raised his eyebrows. "Well that's a relief, I suppose." "You will be fine, sir. Now, one foot at a time." --- It wasn't the tallest mountain in the region, but its peak was one of the more inaccessible. The village on the plateau at the top consisted only of a dozen or so wooden huts. Shacks, really. Their planked walls ran deep beneath the snow that blanketed the ground. The first man that saw him had a thin face, dark hair and wore a rather frustrated expression. "Hello!" panted Richard, waving a hand. "I say, hello!" The man looked around him, presumably to see if any of his friends were about to help. They weren't. He clicked his tongue and approached. Richard ran a hand through his long, silver hair, pushing it back over his shoulders. "Hello! My name is Richa- "I know who you are. I knew you would come," said the man. "It didn't matter where we took her, you'd have found a way, wouldn't you?" "You know why I'm here?" "Yes. Of course. For Mina, Nikola's grandchild." Lexi lit an excited orange. "So she's here?" The man stepped back, his face aghast. "What is *that?*" "Her name is Lexi. She's quite harmless, I assure you." "No! That *thing* is part of the Fire corporation. It's not welcome here!" "*She.* I'm a she," said Lexi, flashing an indignant purple. "She's been unlocked," added Richard. "Set free from the Fire corp." "How do we know we can trust? That it doesn't broadcast this information to Fire?" "You have my word. That should be good enough. Now please, I've not slept in three days in order to get here before it's too late; *let me talk to the child*. If she doesn't want to come with me, then I'll leave. Today. But please, I need to see her." "Your word is *not* good enough. I'm sorry." He clicked his tongue twice. There was a loud buzzing sound that emanated from somewhere behind Richard. He turned to see a swarm of brown insects hurtling towards him. Locust? No... *Dragonflies.* "You shouldn't have come, Mister Branson." The creatures rapidly engulfed Richard. He swatted them back the best he could, and a handful fell to the ground, but many more were left in the air. He felt their teeth ripping into the flesh on his arms, and felt the warmth of his blood as it ran down them. "Richard!" screamed Lexi. She turned bright red as she pumped out a supersonic frequency at full volume hoping to disrupt the dragonflies. They didn't even seem to notice. "Please!" Richard screamed. "I'm trying to save us all!" "Us all? You can't even save yoursel-" "Enough!" came a voice. A new voice, high and confident, that cut through even the buzzing of the swarm. The cloud of dragonflies suddenly lifted from Richard and dispersed into the air. "I'm sorry, Mister Branson. My papa is *very* protective over me." The girl glared at her father, who almost cowered in shame. "I'm sorry, my darling, I just-" "Not now, papa. We will talk of it later." Richard's arms were bleeding, but in that moment, he didn't feel the pain. He was too intrigued by what he saw on the ground. He picked up one of the wooden, clockwork dragonflies and held it between forefinger and thumb. Then he looked up at the dark haired girl standing by her father. "You made these, Mina?" he said. "Incredible. Just... *incredible*. No electricity at all." Mina smiled proudly. "Come, Mister Branson. My people will see to your wounds. Then we will talk over dinner." 