
I never expected to catch a flight to Paris on a Tuesday night, but life has a way of surprising you. When I noticed the odd balance in my checking account, I did the usual: called the bank, reported a fraudulent charge, got the card cancelled. The receptionist told me the charge had an international origin and was spent at a *boulangerie* in the Latin Quarter of Paris. Otherwise, no further information. I booked a flight minutes after hanging up. From there, it was a matter of following the paper trail. I got repeated surges of adrenaline wandering into cafes and gift shops, asking questions, collecting information. It had been eight years since I'd done this type of work, and it felt spectacular. You don't fuck with a retired detective. The guys covered their tracks pretty well but, as luck would have it, two of 'em wandered into the same cafe just a half hour apart. Bad move. I found out where the second guy lived, booked a hotel room right next door, and bought a pair of binoculars. Reconnaissance took longer than anticipated. I also ordered too much room service and fancy French wine and cheese. Hey, if you're retired and in Paris, what else are you gonna do? The next day, I decided to make my move. Slowly. My back hurts all the damn time these days. Turned out it was a dud. The guy had left earlier in the morning and I was too much of a lazy fuck to get up at the crack of dawn, so I decided to look for the other guy. God, it took a while. I overestimated my own skills, to be honest. Maybe it was hubris, maybe it was fear of my own age. But with about two thousand bucks left in my account - don't even remember how many euros that is - I found him. I gave a firm knock on the door and he opened it right up. "Hello?" I punched him square in the jaw. Again, hubris. He threw me to the ground within seconds and whipped out a knife. "Give me one good reason to not cut you to pieces, *connard*." "You stole something from me. Ten dollars of hard earned cash. I want it back." He lowered the knife and laughed. "Ha! An American, I take it. You think you can come here and be like...who is it? Bruce Willis. Arnold Schwarzenegger. A real hero. Well, this is bigger than you'll ever understand, old man. So I suggest you run on back home and we'll forget this ever happened." God. What was I thinking? I honestly believed that I could put a stop to it and get back what was mine. But when you're pushing eighty? Well...I guess I valued my life more than that, at least in that moment. He let me go, but not without another threat. He told me there would be eyes on me now and for the rest of my life, even back in America. Yeah, sure, pal. I've heard a hundred empty threats just like that. I booked a plane ticket back to San Diego with the last of my money and collapsed in my apartment. Later that week, I took a part-time job at a bakery. Easy stuff - after-hours cleaning and shelving. Calls itself a *boulangerie*, but it's pretty shit compared to France. I'm saving my money to fly back to Paris, because I'm not done with these bastards. One day, I'll get that $10, even if it fucking kills me. 