
"You idiot!" I whipped my head around to face the door to my office, where I noticed a group of rather disgruntled looking people staring back at me. "What?" I asked. "You idiot!" The one at the front shouted again, "do you have any idea what you've done?" I shrugged and took a sip of the coffee I'd bought before coming in to work and continued designing the blueprint for my new project. "No, I have no idea." The man at the front of the group put his head in his hands and shook it in disapproval. "No, no, no. You do have an idea! That blueprint you designed!" I looked down at my desk again, taking another sip of my coffee. "What's wrong with it?" I asked. The man trudged over to my desk and seized me by the collar. "That *thing* is the reason we're like this. Your future will no longer happen, our world is destroyed." He glared into my eyes. I looked at the blueprint again, still failing to see what was wrong with an ordinary rocket ship. "You've undone all our work, and yet you just sit there!" I put my hands up defensively. "Woah woah woah, I don't even know who you are. How could I have undone your work?" The man sighed. "The time machine." "Yeah? And? I used it to travel back an hour to be able to buy a coffee. What's wrong with that?" I snapped, becoming slightly annoyed. "Our entire future depended on you not getting that coffee." "What do you mean?" The man inhaled sharply. "We spent our entire lives trying to prevent a series of events and save the world, which began with you buying that coffee. And here you are, using time travel to reset it entirely. What a goddamn waste of our time." I sipped the coffee. "You see, if you didn't buy that coffee, you'd be passed out on your desk right now, completely unable to design the thing that caused the apocalypse." The man said, pointing to my blueprint. I looked at my blueprint once again. "This? This is just something I'm doing for fun. I'm not actually going to build it." "Exactly. But someone else does. Someone who loads it with explosives and causes a nuclear winter." "So, you're here now. Why can't you just go and-- I dunno, kill the person who decides to build it?" I retorted. The man began to explain again. "We've weighed the outcomes, and no matter what we do, it will always get built. Unless it's never designed, which is what we prevented the day we all lined up at the coffee shop to make the line so long that you left." "Why can't I just destroy the blueprint, now that you've warned me?" I asked him. The man thought for a while, before turning to his troupe of war torn soldiers. "We've-- uh, never thought about that before." "Alright. Let's try it. That way it's a win-win. I get my coffee, and you guys get your future." They all nodded. "Here goes." I said, as I ripped the blueprint to pieces and lit it on fire using a match I pulled from my drawer. They all watched the flames in awe, and as soon as the fire burned out, they seemingly disappeared before my eyes. I had to do a double take, but they were now gone, as if they were never here in the first place. I hope they got their future back. 