
Laurie Mathers knew that the closed study door was Daniel's way of saying that he wanted to be left alone. But he had been so restless, so unsettled ever since he returned from work this evening, that Laurie figured it would be better to be safe than sorry. People always thought that child psychologists had it easy, but she knew how draining it was for Daniel. "Honey?" she said, opening the door after knocking twice. "Just wanted to see if you wanted company..." She froze as the visual clues filled her in. The scattered reports on the table, the half-filled glass of whiskey next to the laptop, the dishevelled husband with a vacant look in his eyes. The loaded gun on the table. "Honey? What's this..." "Sit down," he said, motioning towards the chair opposite him. "We've got to talk." Laurie took a seat. Anyone else would have hesitated, have backed out slowly while trying to decide whether to call the cops or the divorce attorney first. But she knew Daniel well, trusted him. He couldn't hurt her. "What's wro-" she started, before Daniel cut her off. This close to him, she could smell the alcohol off his breath. "I pieced it together, it all makes sense," he said, after a moment's pause. He flipped open the closest folder, pointed at the picture of the child on the first page. "That's Henri Gunther. Nine years old, found to be self-harming after both parents were jailed for drug abuse. Foster parents were at their wits' end." Laurie thought she knew where this was going, but she wasn't sure yet, so she kept her lips sealed. "And here's Ronald Tibbins," Daniel continued, pulling open another folder. "He's eleven this year, known to have uncontrollable fits of rage in school. His parents didn't know how to control him, stem the anger, so they brought him in to see me too." "I remember these," said Laurie. "I think you told me about them before. You helped them both, didn't you? They got better, never needed to come back again?" "I've got three more of these cases here, all with similar problems, similar resolutions," Daniel said. "And I don't know how I missed it the first time round. Can you take a guess, Laurie? Can you divine what it is that ties all these miraculous recoveries together?" Laurie gripped the sides of her chair. "Umm, you managed to help them in time? Managed to solve their-" Daniel's fist arced through the air, thumping so hard on the table that the whiskey tumbled, spilling across the papers. He didn't even seem to notice. "They all had a friend!" he shouted, the veins popping on his neck. "An imaginary friend! I thought, well, every kid has one, right? But these cases, it was special! I realised that my medicine, my therapy was only half the answer! These kids, their imaginary friends actually intervened, took an active part to help them recover!" "That's just silly, " Laurie said. "You're exaggerating. Their friends were probably just figments of imagination, helping them deal with certain issues in their lives." "The pattern is the same, everytime," said Daniel. "The child has problems, then an imaginary friend appears, who just so happens to implement the exact therapy I recommend. These imaginary friends, they differ in ages, in name, but as far as I've discerned, they all seem to look the same to the kids they've appeared to." "You're stressed," said Laurie. You're taking this too far, Daniel." "Am I?" Daniel asked, as he reached for the gun, gripped it tightly in his right, then swivelled it slowly, deliberately. Till the barrel pointed straight at Laurie. "Why is it I've never met your family?" asked Daniel. "Why did you insist on us moving so far away from the town we grew up in, to live here where barely anyone knows us? And how did you know to reach out to me, all those years ago, when I was thinking of killing myself?" "Daniel, please, there's no need to do this." "But I must," said Daniel. He fired. It wasn't a large caliber, but in the small confines of the study, it was a thunderclap. The bullet passed through Laurie harmlessly, as she knew it would. She heard it embed itself into the doorframe behind her, burying itself into the wood. "Jesus," Daniel said. "Does it matter?" asked Laurie. Daniel thought for a while, then finally set the gun down. "I don't know," he said. --- /r/rarelyfunny 