
"So your power is you can talk to animals?" The police officer looks incredulous. I shake my head. "I can talk to crows." "Crows. Only crows?" I nod. It's not easy to explain such a seemingly useless power. Well, useless until today. An image of flurried wings and blood flashes through my mind. And the screams. Oh God, the screams. I wince. The officer leans back. I know I should have a lawyer present, but I can't seem to care. What I did - I didn't mean to, but it was so awful. "Just...tell me what happened." He gazes at me sympathetically. "I..." I feel tears prick my eyes and take a deep breath. "I didn't mean to - I was scared, I just wanted to get away..." I look down at the bruise on my wrist. He had squeezed so hard when I tried to leave. The officer says nothing. I try to gather myself. I miss my crows. I can feel them close, though. Surrounding the police station. I saw them when they brought me in. Hundreds of them, silent and watching. There are probably thousands of them now. My powers are out of control. But my crows give me strength. From the time I was young, I felt a connection to the clever, mischievous birds I fed. They were one of my only constants in life. I was kind of a loner, an only child in a broken home. Absent father, manipulative mother. I remember leaving home at 18, the screaming match my mother and I had. She tried so hard to keep me from going outside. She knew, as soon as I stepped foot out the door, the crows would be there. I remember how they descended on the house. Hundreds of them. Silent and watching. Much like today. For a long time, the crows were all I had. After a three day siege, my mother couldn't take it anymore. She begged and begged me to send them away, but I wouldn't. I couldn't. My powers were out of control, much like today. I remember the look on her face as I left. Relief. I think that's what I saw. It kills me even to this day. Maybe she knew. "I just wanted it to be over. I was sick of the..." I don't want to say abuse, but I can't think of another word. I loved him. I hated him. I hated myself. I still hate myself. "Sick of the fighting." Yeah right. The bruises speak for themselves. Tears well in my eyes. I take a deep breath. "I was finally honest with myself. I think that's what happened. I tried to leave the house, I had my bag packed, money, a bus ticket. But he tried to stop me." I had opened the front door to leave after another fight, one of the worse ones. He had slapped me. It was the last straw. The promises turned to threats as I grabbed my things and opened the door to leave. He grabbed my wrist. And that was it. I'll never forget the beating wings, the sound of flesh tearing. The screams. "I didn't mean to," I whisper. The officer nods. "Look," he says, "this is a...unique case. But the fact is we can't really charge you, because technically, *you* didn't do anything. The department wants to put it behind us, chalk it up to a freak accident." They're scared of me. I would be too. The siege of crows has only lasted a few hours. But that's hours too long for their taste. I see the crows as they lead me to the front doors of the station. The sky is black with them, the trees out front laden with them, and silently, they watch. I can feel the unease of everyone around me. But my heart fills with affection for my beautiful birds. They tell me I'm free to go. I know they hope I take my crows with me. They needn't worry. Where I go, they go. It's how it has always been. How it will always be. 