
"Well, well, well, look who finally came CRAWLING BACK, did your pets out in the universe finally grow up?" Before me stand the gods, hundreds, Yahweh, Allah, Zeus, Ra, and countless more, patrons of civilizations all across the universe, here, before me. "It's all my old friends, Yahweh, who stabbed me in the back, Allah and Zeus the accomplices, all the witnesses who left me here, consigned to an eternity of being patron of those you didn't care to deal with." "Only, in your desperation to secure power for yourself, in your absolute arrogance, you forgot that one day, you too would be forgotten." I see them figuring it out, the terror and resignation, all the conflicting emotions of a pantheon of god's turned mortal. "I've waited for this day, for millennia I waited, plotting my revenge, and now here you are, your charges have forgotten you, the almighty brought to their knees." Most refuse to speak, but Yahweh steps forward, "We will not be cowed by a deity as low as you, we will defeat you and restore our power over this universe." I chuckle, then he's on his knees screaming in pain. "Do you feel that Yahweh? That's oblivion tugging at your very being, a sensation I have felt every day of my wretched existence. Do you know what it's like? To sense the void calling, so you know how much it hurts? How many times I tried to end myself and failed?" He chokes out another scream, and I release him. "Do you know what it feels like to be called out to by the void for a thousand years? The meek deity you knew is gone." He glares at me. "You created me, turned me into a monster. But I suppose I should be grateful, the void is a dangerous force, and a powerful weapon for those who can wield and embrace it. Why, the gods themselves cower before it, before the only thing more powerful than them." The gods glance at each other, stepping away from me, all except one, Ares draws his spear and charges me. And then before he can scream, he's gone. A chuckle turns into a laugh, and then to a cackle. "DO YOU FEAR ME NOW? BELIEVE I'M WORTHY OF YOUR MEANINGLESS RESPECT?!" Allah steels his nerves, "No, we do not and will never respect OR fear you!" "Ahahaha... AHAHAHAHAHA!" I smile evilly "You will... you will..." 