
'Hey! I loved Grandma and I was only six! I didn't know her insulin would go bad if it was left out! I've felt guilty for that ever since I realized it.' 'Agreed, case shall be stricken from the record, moving on.' The brilliant shining light, God spoke. John could look into the light without it hurting, but still could only see light. That whole end of the room seemed to stretch off to infinity, but the remaining three walls were very court like and constructed of marble. Even the tables John, his 'defense', and the two angels standing to the right to 'prosecute' him sat. Although everything else about the process had been twisted and strange. He glanced to his left again, who knew a devil's advocate was actually a thing... 'We would like to put forward Group D of the casualty list, 87 representative members of the United Nations, and the accompanying 1,739,812 military and civilian war casualties due to gross negligence.' The frowning male angel spoke this time. 'Ha! Trying to pin THAT one on him?' The mid-tier devil rummaged around in a dark bag, then pulled out a black slate with red writing, slamming it down on the marble desk. 'There were four other employees working quality control on that line that day, that measure was built in so that if one person missed a defective part the others would, in theory, catch it. The airplane part failure was more a failure of the quality control SYSTEM than my client.' 'Agreed, though some personal responsibility is warranted. This case shall be moved to later considerations on Stains on the Soul along with case A, moving on.' God once again decreed. 'Then we would like to put forward Group E of the casualty list, 2,681,482,937 casualties from the retaliatory invasion of earth.' 'Really?' The devil didn't even get up this time, he just leaned on the marble desk and leered over at the opposition. 'In your own tenants, how is nursing a crashed alien back to health and helping them return to space a sin? Good samaritan much people? It's not my clients fault they were escaping royalty, and the new regime wanted to punish earth for their escape. They even came back to liberate the planet, and now earth is connected to the wider cosmos!' 'Agreed, the intent was pure and consequences unforeseeable, moving on.' God again quickly decided. The angles paused, conferring for a few moments. Concerned that their most damning cases had been dismissed or greatly reduced. They still had more, but much smaller in scope with flimsier culpability. The devil took the moment to lean over and whisper to John. 'Don't worry kid, I'll get you into heaven... or limbo till doomsday at the most. Hey, don't look down, your case is good and even if it turns, sure the apocalypse has been stopped so far, but they aren't gonna give up and it's got to happen eventually!' 