
When I saw the achievement I started to cry. You see it's not the first time I've had a brush with this achievement. My family line has always had achievements. As far back as we can remember even before video games had them. They let my ancestors pick right paths in life, which is what led to my family being a small farming family in eastern Europe. To a corporate powerhouse in America. The son takes over for the father in our family, and it usually occurs after death. Men in my family die young, compared to the national Average. They still live well into there 50s, sometimes 60s if they're lucky. However there's never been a male in my family to live until they are 70. That's because the son's kill the father. Just like I killed my father. Now I don't want you to think I murdered him in cold blood. No, it was an act of mercy. Alzheimer's run deep in my family especially in males. By their mid 50s-mid 60s they lose almost all recognition of who they were only having brief faded memories of a younger time. They struggle to remember the faces of their wives and children, and their grand children are like strangers to them. They stop being able to care for themselves and are soon bound to beds. Constantly in a state of confusion. In these dire moments they turn to their eldest sons and ask them something. To please end the suffering. Over time of course this has gotten easier physically but never emotionally. My own father told me through a haze of confusion, about how the day I was born he had seen this same achievement himself, and that his father had seen the same achievement the day he was born, and so on and so forth. He said it hit him even harder then me, the idea that he would fade slowly from this world like his father and force such a thing upon his son. It sent him into a depression, that he only came out of when I was a bit older. He told me what it meant and then asked me to the deed. Of course, I followed through. Luckily my father is a man with great foresight. In writing, voice recording and video recording he gave his consent for voluntary euthanasia. It was simply me signing a couple of forms and he peacefully went to sleep. Although it still eats me up inside to this day, I know it's what he wanted, but the feeling of ending a parents life. Even with their consent, it's hard to shake. So that is why I now weep, as I look upon this beautiful little baby, my son. Mixed with the black box with the words "Meet the person who will eventually kill you". I know that I won't escape my family's curse, that I will likely never connect with my grandchildren or great grand children, and that I will put a burden on this wonderful little child. It's almost too much to bear, but I will. I'll bear it in silence like my father, and his father. I'll try to find every cure or procedure to prevent my fate, and if not mine, ensure that my own son will not have to put his child through such pain. I only hope, when the time comes for me to explain this, that he will understand. 