
"Come again?" asked the old farmer. "Uh, sorry, what?" Pete asked stalling for a moment as he wasn't sure what was going on or where he was. "You just asked if I had 24 watermelons and how many apples?" Oh, right, thought Pete, I came here to buy the fruit. "Three dozen apples should do it. Sorry, but I lost my train of thought for a moment there." "It's okay sonny, happens to the best of us. Okay, I'll have my boy load up your truck, let's see...it's 47 cents a pound for the watermelons, they're 18 pounds on average, so we'll just use that and you got 2 dozen of them. The apples are $1.50 a pound, and a pound of apples is about 3 for these, so a dozen pounds for you...errr, how much is that all together?" the old farmer inquired in an odd monotone. "Eighteen for the apples and...wait, why are you asking me? Don't you have a calculator or something?" Pete asked with a hint of annoyance below growing concern. The farmer looked around almost said something then paused for a few beats. "I have to apologize, I misplaced my calculator, usually don't need it but this is a large and peculiar order," then much more flatly, "could you just work it out? I'm sure you can find the answer if you take your time, write it out maybe." He then turned and yelled to his son to start loading up the fruit. Something was off but Pete couldn't put his finger on it. Okay, so watermelons are 47 cents a pound, each one is about 18 pounds, so that's almost 20. If it were 20 then it'd just be $9.40, and 2 pounds less than that is 94 cents, so it's $8.46. Pete estimated the cost quickly for a moment. Wait, he though, why am I buying around 200 dollars worth of watermelon? It was at this point Pete noticed the farmer's son loading the watermelons. The boy would pick up two, walk to Pete's truck, where he'd set them on the open tailgate, climb up, then stack them with the others near the back. Pete watched him do it a few times and started to notice something odd. Every time it was the exact same, same number of steps, same exact motions, it seemed oddly robotic. Pete turned and noticed the old farmer was just standing there, presumably waiting for an answer, but his eyes and expression looked blank. In fact the farmer's face looked blanker than any face Pete could recall....except he couldn't recall any faces. "What's going on? How'd I get here?" Pete was almost in a panic. The farmer seemed to come back to life, "I don't follow young man, what do you mean?" He looked right at Pete, but Pete saw the eerie blankness creep across the farmer's face a second after he asked the question. Pete wracked his brain for a second, he came up empty handed. "I don't remember anything before just now, when I needed you to sell me two dozen melons and three dozen apples. Why can't I remember?" The farmer didn't even move. Turning to the kid Pete yelled, "Hey! Hey stop that! What's going on here? Did you guys do something to m-m-me?" he stammered starting to lose it. The kid kept loading up the watermelons. In that moment Pete realized he hadn't looked around at all, he had been so focused on the old farmer, the fruit, and the math problem that he hadn't noticed they were essentially nowhere. A road to their side, stretched on to the horizon both ways, two empty fields on either side of the road also stretched on to the horizon. No trees, no other cars, just this empty space and single fruit stand. Panicking he ran to the truck intending to drive off but the door wouldn't open. Desperately searching for the keys his pockets turned out to be empty, he didn't even have money for the fruit. Hands trembling Pete could feel his heart beating a mile a minute and he suddenly started to feel cold. The kind of cold when some deep, hard truth creeps into one's mind. It's over, he thought. Why is this happening though? Am I in a dream? Pete pinched himself. Nothing. "WHAT IS GOING ON?! What is this place where all there is is a fruit stand and a farmer with some tedious m--" That was it. "Math problem...it's just like a word problem on a math test." This is crazy, Pete thought. He slumped down against the truck, with the farmer's kid still loading up watermelons, slowly but methodically. Suddenly he heard a voice from the sky, "Pencils down," and then there was nothing. 