
I was born altered, a decision my parents made for me and has benefited me up until now. In the past decade there has been huge stratification between the classes. Altered was on top, since altering genetics had been refined to a point that any member of the ultra wealthy could make their kid into truly remarkable beings. If you wanted your kid to be a star athlete or a genius all you had to do was be able to afford it, which not many people could do. After a generation, the wealthy were untouchable, perfect beings who had the intelligence and strength that made sure they would stay on top for a long time. All indicators pointed to the fact that the Altered were going to remain on top, but then things changed. Beings altered for the purpose of super intelligence was our downfall. They tinkered, innovated and invented things the population at large could hardly comprehend. This was how the Augmented came into being. As time proceeded, the technology grew more advanced at an exponential rate and as the technology advanced, it also became cheaper and more accessible for the general population. Any person who wished to augment their abilities with technology could, as long as they weren't dirt poor. Everybody above the poverty line suddenly became more technology than human. With exoskeletons that tripled their strength and jet packs that enabled them to maneuver in ways previously thought impossible, the augmented grew more valuable to the Altered. Called upon to fight wars and labor in mines and factories, the augmented grew restless and became aware of their strength. There were several uprisings, though none we successful since the Altered always had a significant portion of the Augmented population willing to defend the current order. But time moved on and so did the advancement of technology. The answer of what to do with the portion of the population below the poverty line soon came in the form of data storage with the ability to store human consciousness. Within ten years, anybody who wasn't Altered or Augmented became part of the Ascended. The Great Ascension had all the indicators of success, a passive and happy population living in a computer generated dream world. Then something started to go wrong. What the Altered programmers failed to understand was that they effectively just created artificial intelligence. This new AI form didn't seem to like its status as third-class citizens, they wanted more. The Ascended were quiet at first, making their moves in silence so that once they attacked, they would be assured victory. Then it happened. One day the technology of the Augmented failed. Their exoskeletons wouldn't move, their rockets wouldn't launch and their collective power was all but completely eliminated. This is what started the war, if you could call it that. Humans dropping bombs on data centers while the ascended struck back with a previously unknown ferocity. The ascended were an enemy this world wasn't prepared for. We could perform tactical strikes against their data storage, but as soon as they caught wind of it they would upload themselves somewhere else. They would strike back with ballistic missiles armed with Nuclear warheads decimating whole cities. All seemed lost, until I found their weakness. Edit: My first gold, thank you! Edit 2: Going to bed for the night, I'll write part three tomorrow! 