
"What in the lower kingdom was that?" Sir Chester, savour of the Split Lakes and champion of the King of the great land of the Shattering Hills, asked as Bill came back into view. "I gave them something to fight over," Bill muttered. This was a thief? He gave them something? "Should be good to go in a bit once they find the gold I took from the chest and put in that dolfs pocket." "You were supposed to get the keys," Sir Chester argued. "Give it a bit," Bill laughed, "Probably won't have a door that isn't unlocked in the place afterwards." "Lord above help me," Sir Chester prayed, giving Father Otto a side glance when he didn't join in, "Okay, Fredo do you have anything that would-" "Yes sir," Fredo interrupted, he was always doing that, "let me just find it." "You know if you organise this alphabetically," Sir Phinous noted, flipping through some of the pages that Fredo had dropped. "Preferably, it'd be alphabetical after component requirement complexity." "You sound like Master Allstar," Fredo muttered, "I know my spells. My father paid for the best tutors and masters." "Oh lord," Sir Chester said in vain but quickly turned to Father Otto and said, "My sincere apologies." As Fredo and Sir Phinous flipped through the loose pages they all heard a loud crash on the other side of the door. Bill gave Sir Chester a smile and then held up five fingers. Counting down, Sir Chester unsheathed his sword and readied himself before Bill shook his head. A loud bang went off when Bill was done and he opened the door to a smoke filled room. "Hard to put out their stone-fire if you pinch the wick in place," Bill explained, as Fredo and Sir Phinous peered into the room. Sir Chester rubbed his head in just pure exhaustion at this nightmare. "You four may want to get ready for the bandits that were upstairs." Sir Chester readied himself for a fight. An actual fight. Not this nightmare of incompetent competency. Bill was supposed to be a thief, one of the best but he hasn't taken a thing. Just switches items around and causes so much chaos that it's hard to put into words. Fredo can do magic, when he isn't rushing it or rushing in. Sir Phinous is, and always has been, more knowledgeable than anyone Sir Chester wanted to deal with. Sir Chester could not believe that this is what he was given. At least Father Otto seemed normal. "Guten Tag!" Father Otto yelled as he threw one of the cannonballs by the door at the first bandit that walked out of the stairway. He utterly crushed the bandits face in with it. Blood poured out of the man like a river. It was so brutal. The four of them just stared at Otto. "Du hast Otto to dank. Strongest man in town of Preist by the Mountain Pass." "What?!" Sir Chester yelled. r/asolitarycandle 