
Anna wasn't a city girl, but she did venture to the markets on a semiregular basis and found herself in a trinket shop hardly different from any other. The walls were lined with odd tapestries and art pieces. Shelves lined every wall and almost all the floor space, affording little room to walk between them. They were full of wooden figures, gemstone rings, deeds of dubious origin, pagan relics, utensils, coinage of fallen empires, and simple copper cups. But on the far wall, a sword mounted on a porcelain plaque caught her eye. It was about six feet in length, made of an unusual rose-colored alloy. The blade was engraved with waves of fire. The hilt was similarly decorated, it being of a black metal inlaid with the same crimson alloy. A decorative sword, she reasoned. To sell a functional weapon at such a place, and not a blacksmiths, would be highly unusual. The blade even looked a bit thin for its length to be functional. She reached out a hand towards the crimson metal. It gave off a little warmth, like a living thing, that she sensed before touching it. The moment skin touched metal, visions flashed through her mind. She saw the sword, and herself with it. It was carried up cold, high peaks. Over dunes and valleys. Across infinite seas. It slew kings and destroyed kingdoms, and in doing so plunged civilization into unseen depths of barbarism. But with each low, it rose to even greater heights. She saw this sword's destiny: to forge a new humanity that, without such a force, would never exist. She hastily withdrew her hand and knew what she had to do. She brought the impossibly lightweight claymore to the counter and placed a handful of coins beside it. A trifling amount, even for such a worthless relic, but, to her surprise, the shopkeeper did not barter. Anna recollected that memory fondly. How many years had it been, exactly? She was only halfway across the frozen mountain peaks. The tough climb and thin air pushed her body to its limits. With every weary step, the temptation to rest grew stronger. But here, she would never recoup the strength to stand up from a resting position. So she pressed on, determined to descend by the far slope, because she would carry this sword to its destiny. A ranger by the name of Boris was scaling the mountain peaks when he came across the unpleasant sight of a downed climber. It wasn't the first, but it pained him all the same. Why did amateurs try to pass through here alone? Further, why take a heavy and unnecessary payload as a broadsword strapped to one's back? He touched the crimson metal, then hastily withdrew as though it were a hot iron. In an instant, he knew what he had to do. 