
The year is 2569. Earth is long dead. Covered in city, the planet is a shade of what it once was. There is no greenery outside of carefully controlled indoor farms. Indoors to protect them from the acidic rain. The oceans are poisonous to even touch. Water has to be filtered to be drunk. Fifteen billion people on a dead world. Fifteen billion living people, we need every pair of hands just to survive and so we learned to raise the dead. There are probably another couple of hundred billion or so that we've managed to raise and put to work. Keeping them working is my job, I'm a a necromancer. &#x200B; I summon a shade from beyond the veil and put him into the small device. The device is simple enough, it uses a video camera and a microphone to allow the shade I've put into it to see and hear. I can use the speakers and a small screen to see the soul inside. I have the speakers turned off, as the process of being put into such an unnatural object is quite painful. Remaining there isn't pleasant either, but they stop screaming once they get used to it. I watch the soul soundlessly scream for a moment, but it stops sooner rather then later. A good sign. I turn on the speakers. "Can you hear me?" I ask. &#x200B; "What? Oh. I'm not used to this. I thought I was dead." The soul answers. &#x200B; "You are. There isn't a heaven, but we found a way for the souls of the dead to be called back and put into devices that can do work for us." I respond. &#x200B; "What sort of work?" The soul asks. &#x200B; "It depends on what you are good at." It didn't depend much, but a high value soul is something I could use to bribe someone to get something good. &#x200B; "I like to paint." He suggested. &#x200B; I nodded, so pretty useless if that was the first thing that he said. Perhaps I could trade him for some spare parts. No sense wasting anything valuable on anything. I sighed and took the small sphere and put it on the shelf with a dozen others that I'd muted because I couldn't speak their language, or they had an annoying personality but a skill I could sell later. None of them were bad enough to destroy and send back to the veil so some other poor sucker could pull them out, but none of them were good enough to trade quickly and forgot about it, moving to the next soul. &#x200B; I didn't hear anything from him for the next couple of weeks and I forgot about him. Then as I was working one day, he said. "I'm sorry, I don't think I got your name. I'm Bob Ross." Bob introduced himself. &#x200B; I stopped what I was doing and turned to the shelf I had left him on. "Well hello Bob, I'm Ophion." I said almost reflexively. &#x200B; "Well Ophion, I've been sitting here watching you work and I've noticed how nicely the white panel that's just laying there discarded would complement the black wall rather then the grey one." I looked over at the panel and then at the wall. &#x200B; "So?" I asked. &#x200B; "Well, I was thinking that if you could move it over there as a personal favor to me. Well, I would greatly appreciate it." &#x200B; I don't know why I did it but I put the white panel where he told me on the black wall. He was right, there was something that felt better, more put together about everything now that the panel was here. "So why did you ask me to do that?" I asked. "Gotta have opposites, light and dark and dark and light, in painting. It's like in life. Gotta have a little sadness once in awhile so you know when the good times come. I can see your waiting on the good times now. There doesn't seem to be much light in this world, so just a little more brightens everything." And that my friends is how the revolution began. 