
Two eyes, the colour of burning rubies, became visible through the last dying wisps of smoke. "Uh, guys," said Sarah between coughs. "What the *hell* is going on?" There was a rumble of thunder around the basement, as if the Devil himself was laughing. Marcus looked at Luke, who shrugged wordlessly, then turned to Sarah. "I have no idea..." "You're the Master of the Dungeon," said Sarah. "So you better shitting tell me." "*Dungeon master,*" said Luke, dipping a hand into the bowl of cheetos sitting on the table. He tried to shove a handful into his mouth, but most spilled out, cascading like an orange waterfall down his tee. "He's the *dungeon master*, Sarah. Geez." "Don't roll your eyes at me!" Sarah protested. "I'm only here 'cause you guys have no other fri-" "Silence!" boomed a fourth voice. A voice like broken glass and melted tarmac. The group turned to face the newcomer. "Oh my God," said Luke, reaching for more cheetos. "Is that..." "*Satan*," whispered Marcus. "You've frikkin' summoned Satan, Sarah." "Nice one, Sarah!" said Luke. "I swear, if you roll your eyes at me one more time, I'm going to ram that bottle of mountain-" "Silence!" repeated the voice. Marcus looked at the horned figure. Its blood-red body steamed and hissed, and it was a wonder that the plastic stool beneath it hadn't yet melted. One horn twisted from his head like an ivory helter-skelter, while the second horn was snapped at its base. His eyes were like furnaces and his teeth like an Englishman's. Then Marcus noticed something odd: the Devil held a sheet of paper in his hand, and a set of red die were on the table next to him. Marcus looked at his friends again. "I... I think he wants to play," he whispered. "With us?" said Sarah. "Well *duh*," said Luke. "Whatever. Let's just get on with it." Marcus turned to Lucifer. "Is that right? Have you come to play." The Devil tilted his head back and let out a blood curdling laugh. "As if one simply *plays* Dungeons and Dragons!" "Just what we need," said Sarah. "A third nerd." "Can I see your character sheet?" said Marcus. "If- if you don't mind, oh great Lord of Darkness." The Devil grunted, but leaned forward and passed the paper to the dungeon master. Marcus looked at the sheet. "Pwnadin the... the *Paladin*?" he mumbled as he read. "Sometimes it's nice to role-play," said the Devil, running his fingers idly over his die. "Lame!" said Luke. "How old is this guy? Who says *pwnd* any more? Why couldn't you have summoned a nymph, Sarah?"" "It is a good name!" exclaimed the Devil. Marcus passed the sheet back to the Lord of Darkness. "I guess I've no issues with him joining." "Whatever!" repeated Luke. Sarah shrugged. "Seems a bit weird to be playing with the Devil, but yeah. Fine. He can't be any more annoying than you two." Marcus coughed into his hand. "Welcome, Pwnadin! To your left, you will find the mighty Dwarf warrior, Crumblebeard." "*Ahaha!* And my name is lame?" mocked Lucifer. "And to your right," Marcus continued unperturbed, "the great sorcerer-" "-*sorceress.*" "Oceana!" "... like the continent?" said Lucifer. "*No,*" said Sarah. "Oceana is *not* a continent. The continent is *Australasia*. Oceana is simply the name of my sorceress." "Pretty sure it's the continent's name..." "Whatever," said Sarah. "She dares roll her eyes at me!" "Dude," said Luke, rolling his eyes now. "Get over it." The Devil gnashed his teeth but remained silent. "Right, I think we're ready. Let us begin. We're going to start over because of the late arrival." Marcus turned and clicked something on the laptop behind him. Ominous music began to fill the basement, punctuated by the steady beat of falling rain. "You find yourselves in an abandoned village. It is night, and the only sounds are that of hard rain pelting on the mud you stand on, and of the black, serpentine stream that coils around the village, as if it is garrotting the very life from it. A strange smell emanates from the empty houses. What would you like to do?" "Is there a brothel?" asked Crumblebeard. "There's no one in the village, Crumblebeard. No one at all. If there was a brothel, what would-" "Is there a church?" asked Pwnadin. "How about a tavern," suggested Oceana as she got up from the table and headed to the fridge. "'Cause I'm going to need a *lot* of drink to survive this lameness." "I cast '*get more cheetos*' on Oceana," said Pwnadin, handing her the empty bowl. 