
"OK. We are all agreed. Alpha team will be crowd control, Bravo team will clean the vault, Charlie will neutralize security and Delta will deal with the getaway." Rob stood tall above the small metal table, "any questions?" "Who ordered the latte?" The cheery voice filled the dark room. Jerry clumsily ran in holding ten Costa Cups in a number of cardboard holders. Rob fixed him with a stern look, before breaking into a smile. "I believe that was Alpha 1!" Jerry had been with the team for six months. During that time, he mostly got coffee, did the laundry and cleaned the safehouse. The only issue... Jerry didn't seem to have any idea that ABCD robbed banks. He acted like a friend to the group, texting to hangout (Rob never asked how he kept getting the new burner numbers, one of the boys must share it). Jerry didn't do jobs, he didn't sit in planning, scout the location, he didn't even get a cut. The boys had very little reason to keep him around, but the team liked him, he brought a ray of light into the dark world of armed robbery. *24 hours later.* The team sat in the dark, dirty warehouse. A large pile of paper money sat in front of them - PS20 million. PS1.25 million each once "The Voice" took it's cut. "Do you think he will show this time?" Alpha 1 was the most vocal of the team, he had been with Rob the longest. "He never does." Rob looked across at the money. "The Voice" was what had brought the team together, almost 2 years ago. Rob and Alpha 1(Bill as his mother calls him) had been left a strange card with a phone number. When they dialed it, a pre-recorded message giving them instructions for a bank robbery played. It was always that way. A few weeks would go by, a new card would appear. The jobs were always easy as if the hard work was already done for them. Over time the team had grown, always with a message from the Voice (except for Jerry, of course). The only catch was that they had to leave half of the takings behind. The Voice needed his cut. The tense silence of the warehouse was shattered by the heavy clanging of the back door opening. "Echooo, Echoooo!" Jerry was here. Rob had considered, on a number of occasions, of telling Jerry about the team's job. He felt he deserved to know, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. Jerry was too pure, the one non-criminal part of his, of all of their, lives. Jerry was here to do his job, clean -up. He never knew why, nor did he ever see the money, but he cleaned the warehouse and made it like home. He even bought pillows. These people were his friends. Jerry had never had friends, the people at his old job told him he was a bit too much. The gang were the first people to keep him around, although he wasn't completely sure he knew their names. This time with the boys, every month, was his time. A few hours later, Jerry was sitting on the old battered sofa he had rescued for the warehouse. The boys were gone. It was just him now. He smiled to himself as he pulled out a tape recorder and pressed record. 