
"Vee, Jason, Roy! Dinner's ready!" I heard a quiet rummage from down the hall. "Guys you there?" At the end of the hall the three of them are hurriedly stuffing their feet into shoes. "Hey!" "Oh shi-p, Dad! Hey didn't see you there we're just gonna run down to the store. Did you want us to get you anything?" The eldest tries her best to lie. "Ya? What were you guys goin for?" I asked knowing they were lying. "Pop!" "Tacos!" "Hackysack!" They all answer at once. My face falls heavily into a judging glare. I know this because the elder two roll their eyes. "A hackysack? Why would we go with you to get a hackysack?" Jason yells at his little brother. "You're not much better." Veronica mocks her brother. "Tacos? Dad just called for dinner." "Oh, good you *can* hear me, at least you all didn't give up your ears for these gifts of yours." "Dad, I was born this awesome." Roy complained. "I don't need your lip. Now where the hell do you think you're going?" "Dad." Veronica hinted. "This is my damn house and I put the damned jar in it, I'll fucking pay into it when I feel like it!" Maybe a bit too much but I don't like being treated like a fool. "Answer the question." "Ugh, fine there's a fire in an office building off West 10th." Veronica answered. "Some arsonist shithead-" "Eh." "Dad you just swore like-" "Eh." "But-" "Eh." "Fine, I'll put a dollar in later." I sternly crossed my arms, waiting until she headed for the kitchen, the other two in tow. "Now what does this have to do with you?" "Oh, come on Dad. What's the point in having these gifts," Roy put air quotes around gifts. "If we don't use them." "You don't have any powers like your brother or sister. And you're too young to be out crime fighting." "But Dad, I'm really good. Look try to hit me, bet you can't even come close." I gave him a glare. "Roy you know I would never hit you," I leaned in closer, "but keep it up and next time you come crying to me that your sister tased you I'm going to laugh." "Dad! C'mon we can help those people, safely." Jason chipped in. "Safely? Its fire Jason, fire not safe. There are people for that, they're called firefighters, they *fight* fire, for a living." "Oh you're right how could I forget about fire fight-club. Oops talked about it." Jason mocked. "You, I will hit." I shook my finger at him. "Seriously where did you two get your lip from?" Vee's face twisted in confusion. "You're a single father? Well, I know where I *didn't* get my smarts from." I faked a hurt look. "Ow. Now, c'mon its dinner time, sit!" "Dad seriously, thought you'd be proud or something? You know, those that have power and do nothing-" "Don't die as children, yep love that saying. Okay let's eat" Vee grabbed my hand. "Dad, really we'll be okay. We can do it, *safely*. And me and Jason will make sure to keep Roy even *safer*. We know you just want us to be *safe*." She looked at me, a pleading look in her eyes. Well that's clearly not fair. "Alright fine." "Yes!" My boys high fived. They all began to head for the door. I pulled my jacket off the hook. "But I'm coming with you." "Huh?" They shrieked in unison. Edit: I'm kinda late on replies, thanks everyone this all means a lot! For those interested here's my subreddit for my writings: r/theoreticalfictions 