
I turned the corner and literally ran into a guard. My heart just about jumped up in my throat. After a moment's hesitation I reached for my sword, but the guard was quicker, far too quick for an average guard, and skewered me with his sword through my stomach. Come on, at least buy me dinner first. The pain was excruciating, frankly, gut wounds were the absolute worst, and I grimaced. Just before I Reverted I looked at my killer, who seemed to be as shocked as I was, "Oh shit," he said, "I didn'-" I Reverted. I was standing over the corpse of another guard, the last place I'd Marked. My heart was still racing, and I made sure to check my stomach: no hole, check. Despite myself I sagged against the wall of the corridor in relief, and promptly threw up. I Reverted all the time, but rarely from death, though that still happened far more often than I would like. People weren't meant to see themselves die, weren't supposed to see the void in front of them, and then come back. No matter how many times I did it, I never got used to Reverting from death. I shook my head and composed myself. The mission. Right. Have to kill the emperor. I splashed water in my eyes from my waterskin, and moved back through the corridors, going the same way I did before, practically running. Even if I was alive, that son of a bitch had tried to *kill* me, hell, he had killed me, that was not the sort of thing I, or anyone really, let go easily. I placed a Marker, I didn't want to throw up again, and continued. I turned the corner, and just as I'd expected the guard was there, this time I'd arrived before he'd rounded the corner, and he was a couple strides away from me. This time I noticed that while he was wearing a guard's uniform, he looked nothing like them. The Emperor's Guard was usually well built, balls of muscles, able to beat any normal person to a pulp. But this guy was lanky, his hair was disheveled. He looked nothing like one. When he saw me, he didn't pull out his sword, he just stopped in his tracks, his mouth hanging open. "How-" was all he managed before I stabbed him through the heart. I turned the corner, and just as I'd expected the guard was there, this time I'd arrived before he'd rounded the corner, and he was a couple strides away from me. This time I noticed that while he was wearing a guard's uniform, he looked nothing like them. The Emperor's Guard was usually well built, balls of muscles, able to beat any normal person to a pulp. But this guy was lanky, his hair was disheveled. He looked nothing like one. When he saw me he didn't pull out his sword, but his eyes were firm. "Wait-" I lunged towards him, my mouth bared in a snarl. He dodged out of the way - barely, "Goddamit, listen to me for one fucking second!" I stopped at the tone of his voice, and cocked my head at him "what?" I said, baring my teeth at him. The man slumped, "Thank you, okay so-" I threw my sword at him, and I swear I saw him roll his eyes as it went through his torso. I turned the corner, and just as I'd expected the guard was there, this time I'd arrived before he'd rounded the corner, and he was a couple strides away from me. This time I noticed that while he was wearing a guard's uniform, he looked nothing like them. The Emperor's Guard was usually well built, balls of muscles, able to beat any normal person to a pulp. But this guy was lanky, his hair was disheveled. He looked nothing like one. He was ready with his sword. That pulled me up short. Last time, he hadn't been expecting me, he'd just beaten me to the draw. How the hell was he ready for me? "Ikilledyoulasttimesorry," he said really quickly. I almost dropped my sword. "I'm sorry?" was all I could manage. Maybe I'd misheard him. "I killed you last time, I'm sorry, please don't try to kill me," the man said as if talking to a child. I had been about to throw my sword at him, but that brought me up short. "What do you mean, last time?" I asked, lowering my weapon. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed check out my sub [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 