
My time in the army would be considered a failure by most reasonable standards. I never really had it in me to be a fighter, and the attempt to "game-ify" didn't exactly fix things because gore in games made me sick too. I wasn't dishonorably discharged and I didn't go AWOL, but I sure wasn't the shining beacon of hope they think a soldier should be. I did my duty, and that was it. I dunno if the implants were supposed to come out or not, but they didn't, and I wasn't bothering to have them removed. At first I found them annoying, but it's the sort of thing that grows on you. The weapons display is mostly useless. I mean, I can gauge the relative damage that could be dealt by a stab or throw with various pens I own. And that part of the HUD turns green when I hold a steak knife. But it does help me remember to go to the gym, because I can see the power of a punch slowly dropping the less in shape I am. The health one is surprisingly useless. How physically ready I am for a fight compared to maximum doesn't really come up much. It goes down when I'm on the toilet or in bed. It goes up when my heart rate is up. Again, the only real benefit is when exercising, knowing when my heart rate is up and timing it. Inventory management is nice, but non-essential. I get to know that my keys are on me and how much money was in my wallet last I looked. Hunger, and tiredness tell me nothing I don't already know. And I seriously want to punch the idiot who thought that I really needed a RAGE meter. To tell how angry I am. Because I definitely couldn't figure that out on my own. Oh hey there it goes again, right on cue. Thanks rage meter, couldn't have figured that out. You're the best. Really though, I shouldn't downplay how life-changing the implant was. Quite possibly the best thing that ever happened to me. And that's because of something programmed in that feels like it was almost an afterthought by the designer, the "current mission" info box in the corner. I don't stay focused well. Or rather, didn't. But the box works off my subconscious amazingly well. Not only does it focus on my higher priorities, but if I spend a little time thinking about a problem, it will keep the breakdown of steps in order of what's necessary to complete my objective, no matter how simple. And it prioritizes things. Sounds useful? You have no idea. I wouldn't have my current career, wife, or house without it. Even if I'd made it that far, I'd have likely burned myself out at my job without it. If I compare before and after, I can easily see my former self as a homeless fool after leaving the army. I used to wonder what I'd do if someone from the R&D department came to "fix" me and remove this system that's pretty much become a part of me. I used to, because the escape contingency plan has literally been finalized for a decade, though it occasionally gets a tweak or two. I probably won't need it, but as I learned long ago, it pays to be prepared, and know what your priorities are. 