
"Sir, could you tell us the secret to your longevity, please?" "Whaddya mean? What's the big *secret*? It ain't no secret. I'll tell you, you're mother, every one of ya. I crawled inside a bottle. This one right here. I still have it." "Sir, you're one of the few remaining humans who didn't have access to advanced healthcare," Dr. Ramon said through microphone on the hood of his hazmat suit. "We're very interested in finding out how you did it. Could we come and speak with you?" "Mi casa su casa." Connor stumbled off into the kitchen as the scientists seated themselves on the couch. "You wanna drink or somethin'?" Connor called from the kitchen? "Can ya drink through those zoot suits? Hehehe." "We're fine, thank you." Connor walked into the living room and plopped down into an overstuffed chair. He sipped whiskey from a nearly full glass. "So what can I do you's two for?" The second scientist, Dr. Levy, responded. "Like my colleague mentioned before," she began, "you seem to be a unique case..." Connor snorted. "That's a nice way of sayin' messed up, that's what it is. My wife woulda 'greed with ya on that one, yessiree." "...a unique case, in that you've managed to survive a disease that has ravaged the earth. You don't appear to have taken any extreme precautions, and if you don't mind my saying so, you don't seem particularly concerned with your physical well-being..." "I *told* ya already. This is it. Right here. This here's my vitamin." He held his glass up for her to see. The whiskey sloshed over the edge onto his hand. He didn't seem to notice. "Alcohol.. ya put it on cuts and shit, right? It kills germs. So if you make your body all alcohol... BOOM! You're safe." "Are you trying to tell us that the secret to your survival has been drinking copious amounts of alcohol?" Dr. Ramon asked. "Yeah-huh." Dr. Ramon clicked his pen and prepared to take notes on his clipboard. "And, how much alcohol would you say you consume on a daily basis?" "A couple-a these, I guess." he sloshed his glass again. "A couple of glasses like that?" "No!" Connor looked offended. "A couple-a *bottles.* The gesture was for dramatic effect." He held his glass with both hands now and sipped at it like a child drinking a full glass of milk. "Have you felt any cold-like symptoms since the initial global outbreak four years ago?" "Buddy, I haven't felt much of *anything* in about *ten* years." "No fever, cough, aches, sore spots, nothing like that?" Connor hiccuped. "Been right as rain, doc. Hey, this is great. I haven't had a physical in a while. You one of those kinda doctors?" "No, we're research scientists." "Oh well." "There must be some other routine or habit we're missing," Dr. Levy said. "Do you take any vitamins, any other medication, or..." All of a sudden Connor looked very sober. He leaned forward and put his elbows on his knees. "You know why alcoholics eventually eat it, right? Their livers give out. Their bodies become *toxic*. That whole *toxic* thing works against the body, and against foreign microorganisms." He took a hearty swig of whiskey before continuing. "I used to be an immunologist. I studied this stuff. I knew it was rare, but I knew that this particular disease could be slowed in alcohol-saturated bodies. I tried myself as a test case, tried to tell people... no one will listen to you when your solution is to get drunk. It was anecdotal, anyway. Way too late to run a study." He threw back the last sip of whiskey and examined his empty glass. "I tried to get my wife on board. Figured we'd at least save ourselves. Turns out she didn't have the *stomach* for it. So it's just me now." "Connor, do you have any of the original research from your experimentation?" Dr. Ramon asked. "Nope," Connor said. His face had resumed the appearance of infantile incomprehension. "Connor, anything you can provide us in the way of information would be incredibly helpful. It could even save humanity." Connor stood up, wobbled for a bit, then balanced himself. "Save humanity? *Save humanity?* If *this* is what saved humanity looks like," he shouted, jerking a thumb at his chest, "do we want it? Huh? Tell me that." He hurled his glass over the doctors' heads and it shattered against the wall. "Let 'em die," Connor said, collapsing into his chair. "It's better'n this shit." Dr. Ramon nodded at Dr. Levy, and they stood to leave. "Thank you for your time, Connor." Connor didn't respond. He got up and went into the kitchen as the doctors walked to the front door. As Dr. Ramon pulled the door shut, he heard ice clinking into a glass, then ice cracking as bourbon surrounded it and melted it and would eventually turn it into nothing. --- Subscribe to /r/xilead for stories written daily! 