
You would have thought you would try to run, or at least scream. The truth is that when a 10 foot bright red demon, literally on fire, climbed out of a black hole in my bedroom floor I did absolutely nothing. It slowly rose to it's full height and I could feel the heat of the fire traveling around it's body, looking more like a liquid as it swam slowly around its torso and arms. I was completely frozen unable to even think or take this in. "You're going to help me settle a bet" it calmly growled. I wasn't able to raise any immediate objections and next thing you know I am being slowly dragged off my bed and towards the black hole in the middle of my room. At first it was extreme fear, like I had never felt before. It shocked my body to the core and I wasn't able to think straight as we started hurtling through a darkness. The only light was the burning beast below me falling head first and holding onto my leg. Looking up I couldn't see my bedroom at all now. Feeling like my consciousness was coming back to me slowly, I started to panic and finally screamed. We immediately stopped in the air, as if we were floating and the demon came up and put its face about 2-3 inches from mine. One purple, and one pitch black eye examined my face, and it slowly opened its mouth to talk as a ripple of fire danced across its cheeks. "What...what are you doing?" it asked, genuinly concerned. "Oh god don't hurt me, I'm sorry for um...whatever I've done, but please take me back" I started rambling, trying to avoid those eyes. "Hey hey hey" the demon started reassuringly "nothing to worry about, and why would I hurt you! Just please help me out here." "But your taking me to Hell aren't you, you're a fucking demon man. Torture and damnation and stuff, oh god please let this end, please just take me back". I closed my eyes to try and ignore what was in front of me. "Whoa - where did that come from! I'm not sure how to take that to be honest - firstly, lets tone down the language, and secondly - torture? Why would you jump to that?." I opened my eyes slightly and saw genuine confusion and anger on the demons huge face. "Well um...you're a hell demon, or underworld demon or whatever.' I replied finding the initial fear starting to dissipate surprisingly. "I mean you're on fire and you just came and pulled me from my own house." "Ok yeah that was kind of strong I guess" the demon said chuckling "sorry about that, but we are in kind of rush though with the Change happening here. I needed to check it had happened properly and the portals were open again - and I know some of us are into all that...torturing and stuff, but that's plain rude to assume we all are! We're on your side down here!" "Down here?" I asked slowly. "Yeah Hell - you were right about that" He said shrugging slightly. Panic started raising again, and the demon could see it "but don't worry your with me!" it said quickly "Nothing will happen to you, and we are steering well clear of the others who would do you harm." "But He is here isn't He...you know...the Devil" I whispered. "Well that's exactly it" the demon started looking serious now "the Change has finally started happening and we are now fighting for control of all of this. And right now we need your help. We need you Henry." "You...need me? Why me? What the fu-, what is going on!" "OK, I guess you really don't know anything" he said looking at me "My name is Thalanor and...long story short...I have finally destroyed Lucifer. This flame you can see on me now is a scar from the long battle we had. There are not many of us, but we have a chance now. A chance to re-write the rules that govern this place. We will have time to talk more, but right now I need to know if you are willing to help. We can't stay here too long" he said gesturing to the empty void around us. This was big. I didn't really understand it, but I knew it was really big, but the more I looked into his eyes, I could see kindness beyond the flaming scarred face. I took a deep breath. "OK, lets do this" I said. A huge grin came across Thalanor's face and he nodded putting out his hand. I took one more look up to where I guessed my room was, and then stretched out and took his huge hand. We turned slowly in the air and then started hurtling further into the darkness. Part 2 below. 