
You're groggy...the lights are too bright, the noises too loud. "Wai... Wha.... But.... Jul, where'sjul" you say in a voice more slurred than coherent. "hey, hey...it's ok, this is totally normal, just take some deep breaths while the disconnect finishes up" says a voice overhead. You turn your head, trying to grasp reality; not recognizing your surroundings, you try to swallow the panic and bile rising in your throat slowly realizing that you're, in fact, finally awake. It was all a lie. An incentivized lie. "takes a few seconds to get your bearings friend, don't worry, this is completely normal. Hell, you're already doing better than most. There's usually a lot more flailing and kicking. I'm just happy we don't have to strap you down like the last chick hehehe" the voice overhead blares, the chuckling making you feel violently ill. Ever so slowly, like the heartbeat of a tortoise, images start playing like a sideshow in your mind. Driving towards a looming glass building, walking through angular titanium doors that could have been pulled straight from science fiction. The sensation of fear and anticipation as men in labcoats strapped monitors to you, a catheter in you, a robotic looking helmet and visor on your head. The thoughts flicker rapidly between these faint but somewhat familiar scenes, and of your life with Julie, your children, your corporate level job you worked so hard for, the anniversaries, the parties, the fights, the tragedies. Julie. Julie. But these images start fading as you suck in more and more air; your brain tries desperately to remember the smell of her hair and the sensation of her hands, but your mind is now relentless in reminding you of what you did, and why. You once again feel the shocking desperation of extreme poverty , scrounging for food in alleyways, doing the unthinkable for a few dollars. Simlife. You now remember you had seen it everywhere; ads plastered to those same alley walls that you would stare at desperately while performing acts that required strong mental distraction, otherwise you would have just killed yourself from the shame. "Short on cash? Come join the Sim life experience and get paid today! Guaranteed $1,000.00 for your first job" the ads would read. What's a dollar worth? You knew damn well what it was worth, and in this life you had done anything to earn it. You were back now. Fully back. Immersed in the misery that is your existence. Yeah you had made a cool grand. You wouldn't have to worry about food for a while, you could keep couch surfing and street sleeping to stretch the money out. You should feel relieved. It had been years of misery, you kept telling yourself. This money changes everything. But something kept gnawing at the back of your mind. That life. That life you lived, Bill Christopher with his beautiful wife Julie. Their 2 perfect children Matt and Kelly. Why didn't these memories go away? Why wouldn't they go away? You felt an immense sadness crushing your chest with the weight of a thousand disappointments. To never kiss them goodnight again. Yeah it wasn't real, but fuck if it didn't feel like the most real thing you had ever experience, even moreso than this shit show of a life you were enslaved to. You look next to you and see him. Laid up on the table next to yours, same monitors, same helmet, just recently put under so he could now enjoy the life that YOU fucking made with them. Your efforts, your tragedies, your love story. Yours. You know it was his voice you had heard near the end there....thanking you for "the grind." You grimace remembering his greasy voice. You now hated him more than anything or anyone you had ever encountered. The rage was sudden; not even you expected it. You had slept on the streets so you knew your way around a sharp object. In one swift motion you lunge for the scissors on the tray table next to you and you plunge them into the neck folds of this undeserving fat bastard next to you. Who the fuck does he think he is, you think, taking my family, MY FUCKING CHILDREN. Somewhere nearby alarms blare, panic ensues; you see movement all around you, security rushing from behind the glass trying to get into the Simlife suite that you're in. The voice overhead is screaming now with desperation and worry "CALM DOWN, YOU NEED TO CALM THE FUCK DOWN, SECURITY GET IN THERE QUICKLY. SAVE HIM AND STRAP HER THE FUCK DOWN, SHE'S NOT TOLERATING THE COMEBACK, WE NEED TO SEDATE HER.....NOW!" You look down at your hands, painted in crimson life, and you purposefully make your way across the room and lock and jam the doors. It won't hold them forever. You know this. But it doesn't matter. None of it does. As you aggressively retrieve the blood soaked helmet off his cantankerous skull and ease it back onto yours, you activate the simulation and feel yourself returning, just one more time, even if it's for a few minutes, back into Julie's warm embrace, back into her world. Your home. Your real life As your eyes finally start to shut, you slowly smirk, realizing that no matter the outcome, in the next few minutes peace will finally find you. 