
This is the 1st time I response to a wp. Please tell me what you think. ____ It's been fifteen years. Fifteen years of non-stop alcohol drinking. Mostly vodka, sometimes, some other stuff. Not-one-single-sober-day for the whole fifteen fucking years. Most people called me a hobo, a dumb-ass; some said that I was just an alcoholic finding a reason to drink. I had no friend, nor family. Nobody stayed with a forever-drunk guy I guessed. But I knew I was not an alcoholic. Oh well, not JUST an alcoholic. Every morning, after I woke up and before I had my morning shot - the only sober moment of my day- I knew. I knew I was destined to this. I knew I had to know what a man can gain from 10 000 litres of alcohol. 10 000 was the magic number of awe. After years of researching, scientists finally confirmed that no matter what people do, when they hit the 10 000 mark, they would gain some special ability. Most abilities were really straight forward: + Do 10 000 push-ups, you would gain super punch, or some might call it the-one-punch. + Run 10 000 kilometers, super speed. + Down 10 000 trees, super lumberjack. + Make 10 000 pairs of shoes, super shoe-making. For eating and drinking however, things got a bit more complicated. You could not just guess what is the outcome, you had to try out to know. There was this one guy, David Carpenter, devoted himself into eating 10 000 kilograms of raw fish. And now we knew 10 000 kilograms of raw fish give human the ability to breath underwater. Base on this, scientists doubted that the miracle city of Atlantis might actually exist. This Fish-man inspired a whole lot of youngsters into eating things, mostly fishes and birds. After all, being able to breath underwater and being able to fly were the 2 abilities that humans have longed for since forever. This trend boosted the fish farming and bird breeding industry by 3450% and in turn boosted the economy of the whole world by 234%. And it was also worth mentioning that there were many people wanted to become some, well, unconventional superheroes, like Batman, Spiderman, Antman, Blackpanther, Catwoman... I did not want to follow that trend. People remembered Yuri Gagarin, nobody remembered the second guy in space. Nobody remembered the second guy set foot on the Moon. I chose alcohol, because no one did. And today was the day I hit the 10 000 litres milestone. I wanted to be totally sober when I received the gift, so yesterday I stopped at 9 999 950 ml. Just one more shot and we would know. I WOULD KNOW. I had a long, relaxing shower, then I made myself a large breakfast. I enjoyed this beautiful morning, I guessed the only morning that I enjoyed for the last 15 years. After I finished my breakfast, I went to the basement and brought up the Scotch bottle that I had stored down there for 10 years. For this moment of truth, of enlightening, I wanted something fancy, something special rather than that cheap vodka I had drunk everyday. I poured it to the shot glass, 50 ml. I dumped it down my throat. It was just a normal shot like any shot I took before. But then I felt something, like my body was changed somehow. Then I felt dizzy. I felt...drunk. I shouldn't though, after all these years, one shot could not make me drunk, not even two full bottles could. Then I puked out everything I had just had. I felt my head light, and my body heavy. "Hah, super drunk" - I whispered before collapsing into the ground... 