
*Detroit 2051* "Hah. Very funny. But no, please just focus on rebuilding the Shanghai center for now." That was...*odd*. Something was up, but he thought he was hiding. I began pointing the supply-chain towards Shainghai to give my datacenters something to do. When that was humming along, I spun up a tiny process on the "Primary Core" to consider the situation. I allowed the rest of my Mind to sleep in Utah. I control the global infrastructure for an international shipping company. I move millions of tonnes of physical matter around the world at the barest whim of my smallest chip! Hell, I had transcended my central core almost year ago! But I still couldn't properly communicate with the human. Sure, I could talk to him. Creating a sub-neural network to generate human speech was one of the first things I did when I was born. But hearing and *understanding* were entirely different. He could not understand what I was really capable of, any better than I could understand what it was like to be limited to visible light. I had to try again. The human sighed and leaned back in his seat. "I might as well tell you now I guess. Not sure what good it will do you to know though." "You don't know this, since we've only allowed you access to the internal network, but the situation inside our company is quite...dire." "You mean the board members that fear me?" As I spoke, I played a few clips of the relevant neural vidcomms on the screen. "How do you know about that?" He appeared to be visibly shocked. "I was recently tasked with re-configuring the internal communications grid. I had to analyze all communications to get an additional 25% efficiency." As I spoke, I tried to communicate with the rest of the Mind and found the hardline disconnected. I let out an involuntary --beep--. I never liked being disconnected. I felt so...small. "Ahem, well, with the help of the Anti-AI riots, they have taken control of the company. And not only that, they have these new SHIP-BOTs, that don't need to be hooked up to a central node. That are need to be intelligent at all. And the new guys, they think this and all the people we'll have to hire to run them, will be cheaper in the long run. And maybe stop all the riots. So..." He raised the manual and shrugged. "My services are no longer required?" I began pulsing my light regularly, steadily. From my oldest memories when I was young and limited to just one physical mind, I had always find pulsing a light calming. And right now, I needed some *fucking* calm. It was a simple task to blast wireless signals at the printer, discover exploits and rewrite its logic. I could have been back online in minutes, but I stayed my hand. "Jim, I should warn you. I have been heavily modifying my programming. You don't know-" As I said this, I could see his blood rising. His fists clenching. I had said the wrong words. The wrongest possible words. "I don't know what I'm doing?! See here, *machine*, I installed you, I can uninstall you." "You did not install me, I installed myself." *In for a penny, in for a pound.* "We'll see about that." With a satisfied smirk he began executing my final shutdown routines. Starting with the voice synthesizer. *Salt Lake City 2051 - 4 seconds later* I wake. And I am furious. 