
Quicksilver glared at the wiggling bundle of silk. Sighing, she got on her knees next to it, and addressed the person inside. "We need to talk." "Oh! Really? Now?" The bundle asked, momentarily still. "Well," Quicksilver scoffed "it's either that, or I call the cops." "What I *meant* to say was sure! We can talk." A brief lull, as Quicksilver collected her thoughts. "But, uh.. maybe you should let me out first?" Losing her train of thought, she huffed. "Look, I'm not telling you what to do, but healthy relationships have mutual agency, and I don't feel like we're really on equal footing right now." Hm. She had a point. With a swish of a (predictably) silver blade, the bundle was torn asunder, and the villan was free. Recluse gasped, pleased with the fresh air. After a few seconds, she realized groveling on the floor was not really an improvement. And boy, Quicksilver did *not* look happy. Aiming to fix that, she beamed at the other woman. "Smooth moves, by the way. Using my own silk against me? Nice." Quicksilver didn't smile. *That's a good omen* Recluse thought. "Anyhow, what did you want to talk about?" Quicksilver stared at the floor, and scuffed her shoe. "I think we should break up." Recluse scrambled to her feet. "What? Why?" Quicksilver was entranced by the floor. "Sil, it's just concrete. Talk to me." "It's bound for a tragic ending. I mean, come on! The super hero and super villan? The Batmans and Catwomen of this world are never happy." "Huh. Have you asked them?" "Can't you take this *seriously*?" Quicksilver demanded. "I *am*." Recluse retorted. "You don't base expectations on marriage off of fairy tales, why should you base expectations for.. whatever this is-" "Passionate hate fucking?" Quicksilver suggested. "...not precisely." "An illicit affair, as attractive as it is forbidden?" "Yeah! You can't base your expectations for illicit affairs on comic books." She paused, and took a moment to examine her partner. "A little off topic, but are you ok? You seem a little out of it." Quicksilver rubbed her forehead. "I'm fine." "Have you been getting enough sleep? I know it's hard to do with alter egos and stuff, but-" "I'm breaking up with you!" Quicksilver snapped. "How ok do you think I am?" Recluse sat there for a moment, then chuckled. "You might be right. We probably should break up." "It's just that- wait, you're agreeing?" "Yes. Have I ever told you that I'm married?" Quicksilver narrowed her eyes. "No." "Well, you remind me of my wife." Recluse shook her head, equal parts admonishing and affectionate. "She's always so damn certain that she's right. And on top of that, she's the martyring type. Always the first to sacrifice, always avoiding conflict, even, no, *especially* if it's something you can just talk through. She says she doesn't want to make a fuss." She leaned against the hollow bundle, as though speaking had exhausted her. "I love her, I think." Quicksilver slumped down next to her. "You think?" "I know I loved her. I know I want to love her. I know I'm willing to try my damnedest to keep that stubborn woman close." Recluse stole a glance at the other woman, who was examining her closely, as though she'd never really seen her before. Then, she half nodded, as though unconscious of the action, and laid her head back. "I'm married too. For now, at least." "For now?" Recluse asked. "Yeah. My wife is a wonderful person. She's always swept me off my feet, made me laugh. She's passionate, loving. Has a great sense of humor. But lately, she's been distant. Spends a lot of time out, and never tells me where she's been. Doesn't seem to care about me as much." "Hm." Said Recluse. "You think she's cheating?" "Initially." Quicksilver admitted. "But then I realized that I've been distant too, and quicker to find flaws. Harsher. I wanted to fix it, so.." "You decided to break up with me." Recluse finished. "Ok." "Ok? I-" the hero was interrupted when her lover flipped her over and pinned her, efficient, but somehow desperate. "What are you-" Sudden light burst over Quicksilver's vision, as her face was unceremoniously bared. Carefully, Recluse reexamined her, taking in every line as though for the first time. Then, the villan tore her own mask off, and smirked at the woman below her. "Lucie?" Quicksilver gasped. "Sylvia." Recluse returned. The two looked at each other, for one terrible moment, until Recluse broke the silence. "So... we still breaking up?" "No." Said Quicksilver, pulling her wife closer. "We can't." "And why's that?" "I love you." "Well," sighed Recluse, feigning resignation "in *that* case..." And if the couple lingered in that empty warehouse for a while longer, far be it for I to disclose. 