
The first time it happened I was in high school. There I was, dozing off in math class, chin resting on my left hand, right hand on my desk. I watched the professor write on the chalkboard, the chalk falling into a steady rhythm. As the class wore on, I could swear that the rhythm was becoming louder and louder. I tapped my finger on the desk, trying to distract myself from the noise in my head. I paused, the tap bringing relief to my head. Instantly curious, I began to try again. One tap. The sound lessened. Two taps. Even quieter. Three taps. Almost gone. Four. Suddenly I was in a jungle, falling forward as the desk that i was leaning on suddenly disappeared. I yelped in surprise and fear, as the jungle floor rose up to meet me. I slammed down hard, hearing my teeth rattle as my chin made contact with the hard floor. "Hello?" I whispered, my voice swallowed by the lush jungle. I couldn't tell you how I knew it was a jungle, but the more I looked at the trees and felt the humidity on my skin, the more the word seemed to fit. Was I crazy? Did my mind break in math class--because let's face, whose mind wouldn't break in math class-- and I just pictured a jungle as a safe place? Hearing a rustling behind me, I knew that I had thought of this place as a safe zone too soon. I turned around slowly, praying to God that it was a sloth or something. My already sweaty shirt became plastered with cold sweat as I looked at the threat behind me. Oh shit. A young man with long dark hair stared back at me, his black knife an inch away from my throat. His dark eyes, clouded with fear, stared at me, taking in my short blond hair. He was only wearing what my mind described as a loincloth while I was wearing jeans and a button up plaid shirt. His knife trembled as he backed up slowly, hands raising in a gesture of peace. When he spoke to me, it was in a language that I had never heard but instantly understood. "Who are you?" he asked, voice trembling with fear. "Are you some kind of trickster spirit sent by Mictlantecutli?" "What in the hell are you talking about?" My mouth snapped close instantly as soon as that sentence was uttered. My words weren't in English. I only knew one language and that was English but the words that came out were not in English. They were in some other language that I had never heard before. He raised the knife again, his voice taking on a more serious and deadly quality. "Are you a spirit sent by Mictlantecutli to bring me to the underworld? Because I am not dead yet. Those pale faces may have killed my people but I am still alive. I am the last of the glorious Aztec Empire." I felt my breathing stop as I took in what he said. That couldn't be true. The Aztecs had died out centuries ago, eventually becoming some people that now reside throughout Mexico, Central America and Southern America. "You're lying," I said, my voice taking on a terrible quavering note. The minute I said it, I knew that he wasn't lying. I could tell somehow that he was telling the truth. "Believe me or not, I will not fall for your tricks spirit. You have already--" His voice cut off as the sound of men running through the brush reached our ears. "Run," I whispered, pushing him towards what i hoped was the sound of a river. "I'll distract them long enough to let you escape." "A liar as well as a spirt," he hissed. Still, he began moving in the direction I pushed him. "Stay safe," I whispered after him, his hair the last I saw of him. I ran towards the footsteps of the enemy, waving them down. "There's another one!" they screamed, pointing their guns at me. I swallowed hard as I ran at them, tackling one of them to the ground trying my hardest to wrestle the long gun out of has hand. I never saw his partner pull out his sword that ran me through. Suddenly I was back in my math class screaming in pain as my teacher jumped in surprise, the chalk flying out of his hand and smacking another student on the forehead. I fell out of my seat again, hands patting myself down trying to find the wound of the knife. Nothing. That was five years ago. I've traveled all over time. Past. Future. Present. I've been to so many places helped so many people... died so many times. Next time you're in danger, have hope. Chances are, I'll be there to save you. 