
Everything is empty. Dr. Reiter had long since learned that. It was a basic principal of physics, that 99.999999% of all space in the world remained empty. Even inside the human body, counting the space between atoms and electrons, at the most basest level, it was all just emptiness. That's why it felt right that he too was empty. Five years ago, another Dr. Reiter, or as he liked to call her, Mrs. Reiter, had died in a car crash. It wasn't that there was a negligent driver. Mrs. Reiter hadn't been speeding. She had kept her hands squarely on ten o'clock and two o'clock just as they had been taught. But it had been the middle of winter in Minnesota and there had been a patch of black ice which she hadn't seen. The tires had lost grip for a single second and the car had spun out, directly into a concrete divide. Nobody was at fault. That's what the police had told him later on. It was simply one of those things. He wanted to call it God. But that would've been too cruel. The most Supreme Being in the universe created stars, galaxies, and life, and he had added in the details to kill Mrs. Reiter? No. It wasn't God, nor was it fate. It was simply *life*. Just one of those things. When Mrs. Reiter had died, Dr. Reiter threw himself into her life's work, transferring to her field of physics operating at the most premier laboratory in the world. He didn't have her credentials, but he had pity. They had given him a copy of all he needed out of respect for the former leading physicist on matter and space. That's where he learned the principal lesson of life. 99.999999% of everything and everybody was empty. So feeling empty wasn't an affliction, but a natural conclusion. He took her research to new heights, finally earning him a respect higher than the pity that had gotten him his job. He didn't know why he slept only three hours a night and lived off of coffee and Chinese takeout to the office. It felt like his wife had one last message for him and it was hidden in the scribbled cursive of her notes. But after five years of dead ends and wasted grant funds, the laboratory had finally had enough. They told him that it had been a good run, but the research just wasn't going anywhere. He had responded saying that if they gave him one last try, he would resign immediately after with no back pay, salary, or compensation package. They had jumped on that one like starved wolves. So now he stared through the most powerful microscope on Earth at a petri dish containing nothing, wondering why he had just traded his previous five years for a message his wife hadn't left him. Perhaps this too was simply *one of those things*. After all, what could emptiness between electrons ever tell him? A flash of purple caught his eye. Then a bright red. The blackness between the atoms flickered. His eyes widened and he zoomed in. A white ball burned, expanding. The white filled his vision, searing his eyes, but he kept them open. He couldn't look away. A swirling black-purple, sharp blues, bright yellows like an artist had flicked a paintbrush through his petri dish. Tears came to his eyes. They leaked out and still he kept his eyes open, not even blinking, not even breathing. It was an entire universe hidden between the electrons. Galaxies spun in slow vortexes. Black holes formed. Stars sparked, collided, erupted, and collapsed. Life began and ended. He finally understood his wife's final message to him. We weren't empty after all. --- --- /r/jraywang for 200+ stories. 