
"Three days until the big day, Thor. How's practice going?" Freyja asked. "Perfectly, what else would you expect?" Thor replied confidently. "Odin will be the judge of that. My brother and I have been practicing our duet before sunrise until sunset since the first flowers bloomed." "The two of you are no match for one Thor and his hammer." Thor turned away from Freyja, signifying the end of the conversation. It was that time of year again, the annual talent show. Thor just knew this years routine, equipped with his best prop: his hammer, was a winner. Just as he was about to take it from the top, he saw that Loki was creeping nearby, wearing his usual smirk. He just shook his head and ignored him. Thor has seen everyone practicing for big show, except for Loki. He had seen Loki lurking around the others while they practiced, but he had too much to do to pay Loki any mind. The day had finally arrived. Odin, judge of the talent show, was last to arrive to the arena. He sat front and center to the stage, admiring the festive decorations, sipping mead. "Our first contestant," bellowed Loki, "will be Balder!" "Hey - psst - Freyja," Thor attempted to whisper, but whispering wasn't really his thing. "What, Thor?" Freyja replied in an annoyed tone. "Why is Loki announcing the contestants? Isn't he competing this year?" "No, you didn't hear? Loki volunteered to be the crew this year. He decorated the arena and is running the show." "Oh, no, I didn't know." "At least he wasn't stealing my routine", Thor thought to himself. Loki continued, "His talent will be accepting compliments from crowd." Just before Balder enters the stage, Loki hands him earbuds and explains, "As the show coordinator, I need to be able to communicate to the performers. Every performer will be wearing them". This makes sense to Balder, so he pushes the earbuds in and enters the stage. He straightens his posture, unleashes his heartwarming smile and the crowd erupts in - anger? People begin to shout horrible things, "Get a real talent, Balder!", "People don't like you as much you think." I'm editing out the obscenities. In response to the jeering, Balder unveils his first frown, to which the crowd was so disgusted, they begin to vomit. Odin shakes his head and scratches down some notes to consider in his judgement later. Backstage, a hint of a smile shows at the corners of Loki's mouth. He hits the stop button for the recording of heckling he was playing in Balder's ears. He heads back on stage to announce the next contestant, Thor. "Our next contestant needs no introduction, Thor is up next. His talent will be rapping us a song about his hammer." Loki hands Thor his hammer, as Thor enters the stage. He heads to center stage, hands sweating profusely. He really didn't expect to be this nervous. In fact, he didn't *feel* nervous, although it was apparent that he was. The music starts and he begins, "You can't touch this, You can't touch this..My, my, my, my music hits me so hard. Makes me say, 'O-din..'" He gets into it, swinging his hammer left, right, left again, just like in practice and - oh no, the hammer flies from his hands, into the crowd, straight through Freyja's hair, narrowly missing Freyja herself. He didn't even get to say Hammer Time yet! The music cuts and Odin shakes his head yet again and jots down his notes on the performance. With Freyja in tears, Thor exits the stage, head down in shame. Backstage, Loki hides the can of grease and gets ready to introduce the next contestants, Freyr and Freyja. By this time, he is so pleased with himself and since the last performance disaster ended up being a two for one, he decides to let the duet mess this up all on their own. "And next we have Freyr and Freyja performing a scene from a play," he announced. Freyja, still crying, heads to the stage, Freyr close behind. They continue to do a scene from Rapunzel, which looks pathetic without Freyja's hair. Odin is beyond displeased, bordering on livid now. Just as Loki enters the stage to introduce the next performer, Odin stops the show and says, "Is anyone taking this seriously?! Who in their right mind let Loki run this show? We are postponing another fortnight. I'll wait to hear which volunteer will be replacing Loki." Edits: Grammar 