
The look on her face each morning was priceless. She would waltz in, like she owned the place, and stride right into the main seating area with a look of pride plastered across her face. Then she'd see me, and her face would fall. Gloria was her name, but she was far from old or shriveled. She walked with an air of elegance and grace that befitted a woman of her age. Mid 20s were the golden years. I would give anything to return to those times. Me? I'm old, wrinkly, and I barely have the strength to get up and around anymore. It was the cancer, they said, that drained me of all my energy. I still had good control over my arms, though, and I was forever fiddling or playing with something. Lately, I'd taken to a Rubik's Cube. The joke around the office was that I might solve it before I die. Well, it was my joke. No-one laughed. They just looked sympathetic. Gloria, however, always grinned whenever I cracked a morbid joke or two, and it was why I took a shine to her. She was kind and warm, her hands were soft and gentle. But I wasn't a fool. It hadn't taken me long to realise she was trying to kill me. An 'Angel of Death', it was called. I'd read it in one of those silly mystery novels a long time ago, but the name had stuck in my head. She had started out simple at first, trying to drug me with all sorts of concoctions in my IV. I had pinched the tube all night and then pulled the catheter from my arm. All I had to do was make enough of a fuss for the other nurses to replace it and calm me down. After all, what was a little peace at the end of my life? The look on her face that morning had been priceless. When she saw the twinkle of mischief in my eyes, her smile had curled into a wicked grin. It had become a little game for us. We'd sit and talk for hours on end, she'd help me eat and get clothed, and she'd tried to kill me before she left for the day. She'd come back to find me still alive, and the cycle continued. I wonder if, one of these days, she might succeed. &nbsp; -- &nbsp; My arms don't work anymore. The cancer has spread too deep and robbed me of most, if not all, of my energy. All I can do now is lie in my bed and turn my head, smile and croak out words to those sitting by my bedside. My family had been in touch, now and again, and they'd come to see me when they thought it was the end, but they didn't stay for long. I can't blame them: I had never been the model grandparent, nor the model father. Even still, perhaps they just couldn't bear to see me off. But she could. She sat there, for hours, just talking. I didn't always have the strength to listen, but she talked and talked. Perhaps her compassion was genuine. Perhaps it wasn't. But her attempts to kill me had stopped. She didn't bother anymore. She knew I was nearing my final days. Maybe she found it more amusing to just let me suffer with it a bit longer, since I'd been so inclined to thwart her attempts before. But the glimmer in her eye and the unreadable expression on her face told me otherwise. It had lasted for months like that, lying in the bed, unable to do anything. She had been my caretaker, the one who talked and listened. She had a wicked sense of humor, like me. She reminds me of my wife, who'd died long ago. I'd almost forgotten about her, but seeing Gloria smile made me wistful. &nbsp; -- &nbsp; It's getting cold now. I can feel it. People say that you don't quite know when you're going to die, but at my age, you can feel your life ebbing away. It was like an oozing, as if my very essence was dribbling out of my pores and seeping into the Earth. She was there. She sat, holding my hand. I could see the tears in her eyes. Why was she upset? I opened my mouth and asked her why. She smiled beneath her grief and wiped her eyes. "It's not a game anymore." She had said. I held her tight. She reminds me of her. My wife. She passed a long time ago. It's getting darker. My vision is fading, but her face is the last thing I see. My Angel of Death. I wonder if her attempts to kill me were to avoid this moment. To avoid having to watch me crumble away on my death bed, to avoid the sorrow she felt. I close my eyes and let out a deep sigh. I can feel her holding my hand, still. Soft, and gentle. 