
Alright, I'll admit it: I love me some drama. Eat it up in every form: trashy talk shows, cheap soap operas, over-the-top animes, ranty forum posts. Plenty of movies and novels and political blogs, too, along with any other source I come across. Which makes being me kind of a double-edged sword. In those moments I'm most honest with myself, I suspect it's the very fact I *am* me that feeds the obsession, originated it. I don't really interact with people, you see, let alone participate in any kind of personal drama. I've been the *cause* of a lot of drama, sure. Someone kills your Dad or your aunt or your brother or your girlfriend or whoever, that's gonna start a whole fuckin' chain-avalanche of the stuff. I watch it, enjoy it, maybe feel a little bit like a monster for it, but I'm not *in* it, you know? Not until the Post-It Notes, and honestly even that is kind of a pale yellow substitute. It all started with my Mom. Yeah, I killed her, let's just get that out of the way. That's not a coincidence, though, and you should maybe think on it a little. How does someone end up like me, or more accurately begin like me? I wasn't some cosmic accident, Mom was into some weird, weird shit. Not the good kind of weird, either, or even the little-unsettling-but-basically-harmless kind of weird, like that friend who got a little into what passes for "Occultism" but is really just a bunch of bullshit cooked up in the nineteenth century to give the Victorians and their American cousins a silly little thrill. Nah. Mom was into the real deal, the deep stuff, the old stuff that should have been forgotten. Not pagan, any pagan religion worth its salt would have had her burned as far away from their sacred groves or altars as possible, to avoid any taint, and then buried deep and forgotten out in the most forsaken wasteland their culture was aware of. I mean, that's what I did. Minus the burning, modern chemistry is a lot more effective than a bonfire. Trust me, she had it coming. My only regret is that I didn't do it sooner, I'd had plenty of reason, but I only fully found my resolve when I found out that one of her rituals had involved small children and a...look, you don't want to know. I'll share my story but avoid farming out the worst of my nightmares, okay? Anyway, God or gods only know what combination of inadvisable shit she'd been up to when she was pregnant with me, but the end result is that no one ever really *sees* me. Not even her, which trust me, came to be a blessing. I survived my infancy and early childhood only because one of her former partners/paramours--maybe my father, maybe not, impossible to say for sure since he's kind of beyond dead, which is a long story of its own--took me away from her at birth. He said I was a revelation to him, knowing I was there but unable to really focus on me, knowing it was her fault and likely at least partly his as well. He took me and ran, away from Mom, away from his own past, though it later caught up to him hence the whole "beyond dead" thing. While he was still alive, he made sure there was food to eat and books to read and things to watch, and we'd talk, sometimes, when he could concentrate well enough to focus on me and not forget, which drained him quite a bit and was mostly used to teach me essential things like reading. Mostly, we communicated through Post-It Notes. He talked and I could hear him, but usually he had no way of knowing that. Email or chat or texting would have been nice, but electronics just kind of erase everything I put into them after a few seconds. Nice for security cameras and online research I don't want remembered, not so great for communication. So it was little yellow sticky notes, for years and years, until the day I found him. By which I mean I found his eye. Just the one. Definitely his, since it had the red-and-yellow iris he'd acquired doing gods-or-Outer-Powers-knew-what. By the time he went, though, I was old enough to take care of myself, mostly by stealing and squatting. I stole keys to hotel rooms, groceries from stores, anything else I needed really. Not hard, when you're me. <continued below> 