
"My love, if you are reading this, then I must be dead..." the note began. Megan flipped it over and the other side. "You didn't know this, and probably still don't know, but I worked for an intergalactic syndicate that worked against the draconians, who are intent on invading Earth. Go to the backyard and dig three feet down by the hole in the fence. There, you will find the beacon." Megan wondered if this was some final prank of Kenny's, who was more than fond of them in life. *How could he be so cruel?* she wondered. Nonetheless, she thought of all the business trips he went on, and how many times she would have accused him of cheating had not the love and trust between them been so strong. A shovel was in the backyard. Megan picked it up and started digging. It took her about an hour to dig a hole that was wide enough to dig three feet down. A metal box the size of a pack of cigarettes lay at the bottom. It turned green when she picked up, and very hot to the touch. "That bastard," she muttered. *Of course he would do something like this, try to burn me.* She shook her head, threw down the shovel and the metal box, and went back inside. Night was coming, and she slept. ***** "Is this really her?" Blogorg said to Kipitz. The speaker was a seven foot tall purple slug with an ever-shifting number of tentacles. The listener was a human-sized beetle that stood on three legs. "Didn't Ken say she was pretty?" "She's a human, Blo, this is what humans call pretty," Kipitz replied. "The blonde hair, the blue eyes, the smooth skin. Even the size of the breasts. It's what they're into." "Fucking weird. Well, whatever. Are you sure she can handle the draconians?" "Hmmm...." Megan mumbled in her sleep, rolling over and cracking her eyes open. "Kenny, why are you home so--" "Easy ma'am, we're not gonna hurt you," Kipitz said. "You activated the beacon, right? I'm Kip and this is Blo." "Oh my god! What the hell is going on here?! What the hell are you?! Get out of my house!" Megan erupted from her her bed and immediately grabbed the standing lamp in the corner of the room. Holding out like a spear, she shook her head this way and that trying to stare down both of the aliens at once. "You're...you're...." "We're aliens, that's right," Blogorg said. "Aliens..." "Ken always said he might die, but we didn't realize how spongy humans are. He left a note in the ring he always wore. It was a message for you, directions on how to activate the beacon." "You're aliens..." "Well, I mean, to us, you're the alien," Kipitiz offered. "But yeah, we have a mission for you, if you're interested." "This is another prank by my husband. You're probably just his coworkers all dressed up to freak me out." "Ugh," Blogorg said. "Let's just take her to the ship." "You're the boss," Kipitz said. ***** Megan sipped some coffee and stared at the rings of Saturn. All that she had learned in the past three days made her husband's life make so much sense. He had always been travelling, cursing in languages that sounded more than foreign, and she had seen scars on him that would disappear the next day. The thing that didn't make sense...why hadn't he ever told her? "Humans are small and don't have any metal parts," Kipitz said across the table. "Your husband proved his worth a thousand times over, and we though such a man might choose someone similar for his partner." "As we've seen from your testing, Meg," Blogorg said, "this is the case with you. It won't just be one mission, though. We will pay you well, and as you can see, the space trips are fantastic." "I don't want to go back to Earth," Megan said. The two aliens looked shocked, at least Megan thought it was shock, and she went on. "There's nothing for me there. We didn't ever have children, my family all lives in different states, and it was never easy for me to make friends. I want to stay with you all." "I mean, that makes it easier for us, so why not?" Kipitz said. "But you will work for us?" Blorgorg asked. "The draconians will reach Earth soon if we don't have a human to help us, to sneak onto their ships undetected and sabotage them." "Of course," Megan answered, sipping her coffee. "I'll help." "Great," Kipitz said. "Awesome," Blogrog said. "I think this is going to be the start of a great relationship." Megan sipped her coffee and thought, *Of course I'll help. It gives me a glimpse into this other side of my husband's life. He's still with me, I'm sure.* **** Check out r/arcaldwell! Not because you want to...but because I told you to. 