
"So, you want to do a revolution?" I was asked. "Yes, why not?" Hitler asked me. I wasn't exactly happy with the fact Hitler and I were cellmates in the same part of Hell. I was actually one of the many people who claimed. "I was here by mistake" but it was the part of Hell which I'd been lumped in which really annoyed me. I was in the part of Hell with dictators, fascists, killers, and mass murderers. It was Nazis, Huns, Emperors, and more. We all lived in an enormous Super-Max prison straight out of Silent Hill. It was overcrowded, under funded, and the demons were clearly more afraid of us than we were of them. The thing was, of course, the guards didn't need to contain us all because they knew what I did. "Well, the problem is, Adolf, that if we do take over then we're even more fucked," I pointed out the obvious. "Stalin is LITERALLY listening right now." "Fuck you!" Stalin called over from his cell. "I got better things to do than listen in on Hitler." Mao, his cellmate, gave me the bird. "The demons here are all fallen angels, gods, and uplifted spirits," I said, gesturing around. "They don't give a crap about us but they can't be as nasty or hateful as any human. The worst stuff that's happened to me, to you, and to the others have all been at the hands of other prisoners. This block has the Nazis, communists, Italian fascists [who did a lot better here than up above], Imperial Japanese, Mongolians [the bad kind], Aztecs, and Qin Chinese." Adolf said, "You're saying our problem is if we take over, we'll just be feuding with each other. Even more than we already are." "Yes," I said, pausing. "Mind you, I'm not saying that it's a bad idea, I'm just saying that we need to note that our enemies aren't just the guards." "Damn Jewish demons," Hitler hissed. I slapped him. "What the hell!" Hitler said. "Adolf, don't say that shit around me," I said. "Remember, no Nazi likes you for getting them into this. I am the one guy who keeps you from being beaten up daily and I DON'T KNOW WHY." Truth be told, I had a way too soft a heart. Dude probably did deserve a curbstomping every day of his life but he'd been getting one since the forties. I'm not sure how much he'd learned from it but I was a believer good guys didn't resort to the tactics of the enemy. I also knew how to make friends, negotiate, and network down here--which I did because even in hell there was a demand for goods. Especially in hell. It also seemed other people like me had ended up in a different section of hell for "Usurers." Which was actually a good thing since they were treated worse than the mass murderers. Food for thought. "Some of the new Nazis still like me," Adolf said. "I will say, though, my actions may have been mistaken." "You think?" I said, sighing. It was surprising how many delusional psychopaths changed their mind about their life plan when it ended them in an eternity of torment. Still, I needed to get out of here and I was ready to do things I hadn't been prepared to do while alive. "Okay, I don't want to do this but I'm not a fan of Hell as a concept in the first place. So here is how we're going to solve both our problems." All three dictators listened intently. "Multi-level marketing," I said. "Every soul gets to move up by trading in Soul points." "What are soul points?" Hitler asked. "Only I know," I said, staring at them. "But everyone can earn one for shanking a guard." And I had them. 