
"And who can tell me about the events of the first cycle?" Professor Gooblevork watched his Galactic History class intently through triplicate eyestalks. None seemed particularly interested in his lecture. "How about you, Shrdmrn?" He pointed at a particularly bored student in the first row. Or maybe he was just gassy? Gooblevork had a hard time reading the emotions of the furrier species in his class. "Hmm? Oh, sorry, professor. I don't know." He responded. He seemed distracted - ah, that's it, that's the emotion! "What's on your mind, Shrdmrn?" The wolf-boy touched a switch on his desk, pulling up a small holographic map. The professor pulled up a larger display for the whole class to see. "I was just wondering about the Galactic Alliance. Thousands of sentient alien species, all throughout the galaxy, came together from all of these systems, right?" The hologram glowed, indicating several systems, and a few uncharted territories in black. "That's correct. What is your question?" "I was just wondering about this area here." He pointed out a small black dot in the middle of the glowing cloud. Gooblevork sighed and sat down. "That, dear boy, is the realm of the human." A collective gasp went through the crowd. Shrdmrn's brows furrowed. "Is this a joke, professor?" The professor slithered over to the wolf-boy. "They're real, boy. A monstrous species, completely devoid of logic and reason." The wolf-boy looked at him intently. "How, sir?" The professor slithered to the center of the room. "How many of you are familiar with the chemical compound C2H6O?" One of the students in the back spoke up. "It's a deadly poison, sir!" "It should be. Its use is forbidden among the civilized worlds of the Alliance, as it's an unconscionably painful death. But the human willingly imbibes it." The crowd gasped. But the professor wasn't done. "Regularly." The students gasped again and stared in shock. "Their planet, Earth, is harsh and unforgiving. It's located close to their star, which bombards their planet in radiation daily. But the humans don't care. At the hottest times in the year, the humans willingly expose their bodies to that radiation as some sort of mating ritual." The professor admitted to himself that he was having a bit more fun than he should. "And does anyone know where they get their energy from?" "From their star?" The professor laughed. "No! They pump a fluid from the earth - a fluid born of the bodies of ancient life. They fight each other over this fluid, and when they have enough, they light the fluid on fire." The professor paused to allow this to sink in. "The burning fluid releases poisons - poisons the Alliance would never deem safe. But humans? Humans don't care. They use the expansion of he poisons to create power." One student raised his hand. "Are they all going to die on their planet, professor?" The professor smiled. "Maybe. But it's possible that they won't. They've built a way to leave their planet." The crowd gasped again, even louder than before. "How could such a ludicrous race build a gravity drive on their own?" The professor said, "I never said it was a gravity drive. They developed a way to sit on top of a column of explosives. They detonate the explosives, and the explosion sends them into space." One of the students stands up. "That's a joke, right?" The professor smiles. "They've left their planet before." 