
I sat there dumbfounded. Last thing I knew I had fallen asleep after a stressful day at work. checks were out and everyone was hungry. Now suddenly I'm here. sitting at a desk. in front of what seems to be a broken computer monitor. Except it wasn't broken. sure it was on, and nothing was being displayed, but after accidentally nudging the mouse, there it was coming in from off the side of the screen. that mystery solved, I start looking around to see if I can figure out where I am and why i'm here. No windows, doors or anything. just a piece of paper that says god on it and has some times. was I kidnapped by some psychopath who wants to convert people? No answer. I click the mouse hoping the computer would work. A blue dot appears. clicking and dragging the mouse all over the screen is drawing black over the blank space. The only way I can tell is the black is ever so slightly lighter than the screen being off. I hit enter hoping to brink up some menu for this game, but it makes the blue dot light up. suddenly I feel extremely tired and pass out. I wake up and see that somehow, the screen got zoomed in on that blue dot. I try clicking around and this time it seems to be spreading some blue around it, but not far. after doing so I realize that I could just reset the computer and look for some way to contact someone ... where's the tower? where's the wires? so used to wireless mice and keyboards I never questioned that, but a wireless monitor is going too far. not even a power cord. I stand up on the desk trying to reach the drop down ceiling. no luck. not even after risking injury and putting the rolling chair on the desk. giving up I spend the rest of the day going through my thoughts. day 3. again more zoomed in, clicking around again makes brown and green splotches on it. not paying attention to the shapes or anything I start to wonder why I haven't gotten hungry or thirsty in the past few days. am I healthy? am I going to die? Is there anyone looking for me? suddenly a white screen pops up. I start drawing, despite my utter lack of artistic skill. a tree, a bush, some grass ... oh look! this tree has apples! yeah ... creative. I close my eyes hoping that something will happen tomorrow ... if it is tomorrow. I'm losing sense of time ... TIME! how long have I been awake for? am I seriously only conscious during the times on that paper? what's going on? I wake up again, assuming that it's day 4. no change, still the same room with the same wireless computer. I notice one change though, and this is the first physical change since i've gotten here. the mouse has a scroll wheel. I'm back to the blue dot on the game. I try clicking around to see what happens today. white dots. well that's useful. they seem to be moving though. slowly, but moving. I try the scroll wheel and it seems that I can zoom in at will now. that's cool. I can't go all the way into the blue dot, but I am able to put some dots pretty close to the blue one, which is odd considering the spacing of everything else. holding the mouse down, I finally get some more color. purples and reds spanning the dark void between the dots. well at least it's more interesting to look at now. I stare at the dots moving, but get bored fast. eyes close. head on desk. asleep. Finally a fundamental change of what's on the screen. it looks like a screen saver, which is odd, because those haven't really been a thing for the past 10 years. either way you move the mouse to see that it isn't a screen saver. good, would hate to see yet another thing still running on XP. still, what is the task for today? I click and a menu comes up. a series of pictures of fish. some I've seen, most I haven't. I click the ones I recognize, and click some of the ones I haven't, but look interesting. the rest turn to fossils and fall off the bottom of the screen. a lighter blue, this time it's all kinds of flying bugs. I click them all. I don't pay attention enough to flies to differentiate them. day 6. I'm starting to feel weak, tired, and generally just lacking energy. probably from not eating for almost a week. still I power on hoping that by the end of this I'll be able to go home. land animals today. that's fine. click click click. finally words other than that god paper. "create man". I click different characteristics from more menus, and then click done. I'm too tired to continue. time for sleep. today marks 1 week since I got here, and also the weakest I've felt. I fear today might be my last day. I see a window on the screen with a submit button on it. I click it. suddenly I hear "it is good" in a loud booming voice, and I feel the life being drained from me. falling to the floor, I see the screen change to a garden scene, and a person appear passed out in the chair I was just in. I rest for what time I have left on the seventh day. 