
"It's not right. It can't be." Unit Five looked around worriedly. All around him, hundreds of alien life forms were bustling along, each a single instrument in the orchestral cacophony of chaos. He admired the lights and technology around them - not bad, for how recent their recorded history was. Unit Four chomped down on a Cinnabon, a bit of frosting slipping through the holographic disguise. "You have to try this," she said through a mouthful of gooey goodness. "Can we bring some back?" "Act with a modicum of professionalism," he snapped. "This is a very sensitive operation." "Fine, fine. Be a boring space commander. " These aliens bore a vague resemblance to those on the plaque, and coincidences weren't something he believed in. However, even by their own admission, their solar system only had eight planets. Could the plaque have had a mistake? No. These people were too technologically advanced to make a simple error like that. "Let's get back to the ship, Unit Four." She pouted, her human disguise making a disgruntled noise as it wiped syrup off the front of her chest. "Why do human females have these things here? They seem rather inconvenient." "Who knows? All I know is that we're better off not making contact here anyways. They seem like they have enough of their own issues." "Look, that one is having some sort of health problem." He looked at the side, where a female of the species clutched a guitar, sobbing into her sleeve. "That's not a health problem, Unit Four. She's crying." Four snorted. "Five, you're so dim sometimes. I know what crying is. Personally I classify sadness as a health problem. Hey there! What's wrong?" The girl shook her head, wiping away some snot hastily. "It's nothing. I'm fine." Slinging her arm around the native alien's shoulders, Four hugged her tight. "Girl, you know that's not true. Tell it all to me. Don't worry about...um, Five over there." "His name is Five?" the alien said in confusion. "Don't worry about that," Four corrected hastily. "Anyways, what's up?" "I moved all the way out here to do music," she said. "But it's...not going great, I guess." "Maybe you just need the right inspiration!" Four said. "I mean, what are we but travelers on a small boat moving through the ocean of space? We're all lost sometimes!" The girl seemed to consider that, drying her eyes. "Yeah. But even small boats can cause big waves." "That's true," Five said, thinking back to his career. "A single word can cause hearts to open." "Even if you only have a single match, you can still light a fire," Four said encouragingly. The singer pulled out her guitar, mindlessly strumming some chords as she smiled. "That makes a lot of sense. I've still got fight in me. Thanks, both of you. I'll make this into my fight song." "Glad we could help," Four said, winking. "What's your name, for when I can say I know a famous singer?" The girl smiled. "Rachel. Rachel Platten." --- Thanks for reading! There's more at [/r/Remyxed/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Remyxed/)! 