
"Sorry, but I have to go now. Goodbye, Jackson," My father said. Just like always it was over too soon. I opened my mouth to beg him to stay on, just a little bit longer, but I heard the click of a phone disconnecting as if transmitted an impossible distance away. I lowered the phone from my ear and let my arm dangle at my side. The conversation ran through my mind. He'd asked me about how the year was going and how I wanted the following year to go. I'd answered in a daze, as if he were calling from the home I grew up in, and my mother was sitting somewhere nearby reading one of her books or playing puzzle games on her phone. It had seemed like a memory of the days before he'd died. My phone began to chime. The sound, although not loud, grated on my ears. I went to hit disconnect, but the small tremble in my arm, and with my vision glossy, I must have hit the wrong button. The screen on my phone read: *Connecting call...*. An angelic voice said, "After Life Inc. How may I help you?" The voice was pleasant and set me at ease like a steady hand placed on a shoulder. "Sorry," I said. "I... what did you say this was?" The pang of loss had begun to dissipate into confusion. "After Life Inc. Do you need any assistance?" she asked. "If you're calling about the noisy ice machine, we've already had a number of complaints, and are looking into it." "After Life Inc?" I asked, ignoring the weird ice machine comment. "Is that how my father has been calling me all these years?" Is this a joke, I wondered. Has someone been calling me, pretending to be my father all these years? If so, how did they imitate him so well? There's a long pause on the phone. Finally, the lady said, "Where are you calling from, sir?" Her voice was still pleasant, but there was tension building in it. "Umm..." I looked around. "My house." I didn't know if I should give more information or not. What if this had all been some elaborate phishing attempt? "Earth? Traxan VII?" There's no mistaking the impatience now. I could almost see her tapping a hand on her desk, if she had a desk, and her eyes starting to narrow. "Earth," I said dumbly. This had to be a joke. "Right, and your father called you from here? That is a severe violation of our terms and conditions. There is to be no unauthorized contact with the living. Using our lines in that way..." My stomach dropped. Was this lady for real? Then it hit me why my father always kept the calls short, talked fast, and never ever told me about his *new* life. He must have snuck in the calls on this... this service--After Life Inc.--whatever it was. "What is your father's name, sir?" Her voice changed, as if she had turned and was talking to someone else in the room, and I heard her say, "Can you get security on line three? Seems like we have a code eight." There was a distant gasp. My mouth had gone dry. I swallowed to work up some spit. I was sure if I tried to talk it would come out as little more than a croak. "Sir, are you still there?" she asked. I racked my brain for a name to give her. Any name. Just not my father's. What if his calls got him kicked out of heaven, or whatever place he was at? "Yes," I said. My voice *was* a little croaky. "When I said my father...I meant..." Come on think, I told myself. An idea occurred to me. It was a long shot, but it was better than welching on my dad. "When I said my father, I meant Our Father. You know, the big Guy." She sighed, "Sir, this line is not a joke. I swear, if I had any say around here I'd put in an age requirement. Seems like they let anyone into heaven nowadays." The call disconnected with another distant click, and I let out a breath. I looked down at my phone and saw the screen flash different colors, and then gave way to static. After a few seconds it returned to normal. I wondered if it had worked. I'd likely know in a year. &nbsp; ---------- /r/StevenLee 