
"Human!" Gavr9 called, waving its gills and puffing pollen into the air. "Human! Human!" I had tried my best to put up with the bullying. I knew it would be hard. I knew humans were new to the galactic community, knew I'd be the only human in school. Knew that needing to be introduced to each class with special instructions on how careful everyone had to be with me because humans are so delicate was going to make me stand out, even disregarding everything else. "Humaaaan!" Gavr9 called again, trying to get my attention. "Human! Human! Human! Huuumaaaan!" The tone descended into a frustrated whine. Gavr9 circled me, calling, not seeming to realize that I was ignoring it. "Huuuummmaaaaaan human human human human *human*!" I had been prepared to be bullied. I had been ready for taunts, and insults, and nasty rumors. But this... "What?" I finally said, getting tired of the cloud of pollen settling into my hair. Gavr9's gills turned bright blue, which was something like its version of a grin. "Did you know..." it said. "Did you knooow... that you're so dumb, I can't even remember your name?" This was just pathetic. Most species to evolve the intelligence needed for space travel were *tough*. They didn't get to where they were by chance, they got there by being darn near impossible to kill. You could detonate a nuke inside just about any alien in the galactic community and barely inconvenience it. Some species would eviscerate each other over minor disagreements. I heard that once a crew of Hyphlets had let their spaceship drift too close to the sun while they were asleep, and the entire ship was vaporized. But not the crew. The worst injury the crew suffered had been the embarrassment of waking up and realizing their clothes had burned off. Never needing to worry about killing or permanently damaging each other, most arguments between them were purely physical violence. Ten thousand species in the community, and humans were the only ones fragile enough to need to fight each other with emotional pain instead of physical. Gavr9 was probably the meanest bully at school, as far as insult quality went. I had been hoping its insults would improve with practice, at least that would have been interesting. But so far nothing. "So dumb!" Gavr9 repeated. "So dumb! That I can't remember! Right? You get it? Because you're dumb?" It flared its nostrils proudly. I sighed and, without really thinking, responded with, "If I'm the one that's so dumb, why are you the one that can't even remember my name?" Gavr9 paused for a moment, my words sinking in. Its gills flattened and went grey. Its limbs drooped as if wilting, it fell to the floor. A high-pitched, long sound came from it, like the cry of a badly wounded animal. Turns out that in addition to never learning how to give insults, most aliens had never learned to take them either. The bad news is that I was suspended from school for a week, and Gavr9 needed three months of therapy to recover. It will have to repeat the grade, with all the class it missed. I also ended up having to take a cultural sensitivity course after mentioning that I hadn't meant to hurt it *that* bad, and hadn't thought what I said was going to be such a big deal. On the bright side, all forms of verbal abuse is now strictly banned at school. I still don't have any friends, but at least now I don't have to listen to anyone snickering after delivering epic burns like 'Human is a bad-faced bad-dumb.' 