
When you reach a certain age, you start to feel like you've seen everything. In my case, that means money launderers reborn as elephants and two-time murderers who ended up in fishbowls. People like to think they know how they'll be reincarnated, but most of these jackasses are too stupid to notice the writing on the wall. You can plan the greatest heist in the world, but if you've got enough shitty karma built up it's gonna be bad news. You see, the universe has a keen sense of irony. If you did a hit and run, you'll probably end up as a snake or dolphin or something else without legs. I start with the basic facts of the case and go from there -- most people end up just a few miles from where they offed themselves. Then there are the surprises. To be honest, human reincarnation isn't all that uncommon. In the criminals' case, they start off with a blank slate but gradually recall what they've done in their past life; the guilt sets in around eight or nine. That's when they start to shit their pants. I let 'em age for a while. Let 'em get comfortable in their new skin and pretend everything's all right. Then when they hit thirteen I make the arrest. Seems wrong to throw a kid in the slammer but then I remember what they did and my own guilt washes away. That was all before I met the one-year-old. The kid was sitting there cooing at me. Spike Lewis - embezzled millions of dollars from the county orphanage, lived large for a couple years, then killed himself when the fuzz started to close in. I figured out where he reincarnated twelve years before, but, as usual, waited for the right moment to turn him in. Why wasn't he a teen? And where the hell were his parents? The pieces started to come together. A shack in the middle of the woods, total isolation, abysmal living conditions. Yet here was this perfectly healthy child, blissfully unaware. Didn't even seem to have shit himself recently. He was alive in stagnation. No food, no water, no nothing. Taunted by his own karma. So what the fuck was I supposed to do? For a number of reasons, I don't kill the cargo - just gives 'em another shot in their third, fourth, fifth life or whatever. So yeah, not gonna kill an infant and it seems he was incapable of dying anyway. I picked him up, wrapped him in a spare cloth sitting atop a beat-up dresser, and took him to Cumberland County Orphanage. Seemed weirdly poetic. Maybe they would have some idea what to do with a perpetual one-year-old. I forgot about the case for a while, but then I dropped in two years later. Lo and behold - three-year-old reincarnated Spike. "He's a handful." That's what one of the caretakers said. "He's a handful but getting better." When I caught a glimpse of him, it looked like he hated his life. But who knows - maybe when I check back in another five, ten years he'll actually be all right. The universe has a warped sense of humor, but it's not incapable of mercy. 