
How do you kill what can't be killed? Simple: *use a gun.* Seriously, I can't tell you how many times I've seen Dr. Unkillable on the news; stomping out every cheesy superhero with a cape that this world has to offer, all the while the cops stand around with their thumbs up their asses. You could watch Youtube videos all day of Dr. Unkillable not being killed. I've seen him taking laser vision to the face and walking away with little more than a sun-tan; I watched him catch a whole building with his head, courtesy of some super strength jackass in blue tights, only to see him walk calmly out of the rubble like he'd taken the elevator to the top floor; oh, and how could I forget when that avenger weirdo sacrificed himself by flying both he and Dr. Unkillable out of the atmosphere and then crashed back down into the Earth--ya, that left a lovely crater out in New Mexico that the doctor went ahead and turned into a not so secret lair. So, you'll have to understand my amazement when I turned on the news the other day to see the headline: ***Dr. Unkillable--killed!*** He'd waltzed into some research facility in downtown and snagged a few fancy sounding chips or processors or whatever, it's not important. What is important is how he died, the initial reports stated that he fell off the roof and died on impact. What? That didn't make any damn sense, and people wanted answers--especially all the super dweebs who'd tried and failed to vanquish him in the past. Later in the day, every broadcast was flooded with the image of a puny, overweight, balding, older gentlemen named Jorge Ibara; a security guard at the research facility. He'd claimed to have shot Dr. Unkillable on the roof with his sidearm; he said that he watched him bleed and cry out in horror before falling from the roof. Not exactly your typical battle-hardened hero, and the media instinctively lashed out at him. He was labeled a liar and a fraud, trying to take credit for Dr. Unkillable's mysterious death--especially by the 'Superhero's Union', bunch of pretentious assholes. Poor Jorge, the man went through a couple days of hell with every corporate and independent news organization on the planet hounding him for the truth, and, finally, the truth was revealed. The autopsy report was clear: Dr. Unkillable was dead before he hit the ground due to a gunshot wound to the heart. There was initial resistance to the truth, but people came around. The media switched their tone, basically denying that they ever denied Jorge's tale, and praised him as the world's greatest hero. The old heroes, those pricks, brought him to the head of their little union--probably kissing his ass so that he wouldn't use his 'powers' against them. Because that's what everyone thinks, that Jorge is the newest and greatest superhero on the block, in possession of some secret mind powers or the essence of death itself. But anyone who's been paying attention knows the truth; we know that Jorge did the only thing he could; he shot that asshole, and for fucks sake, why hadn't anyone thought of that before? /r/BeagleTales 