
It didn't make any sense to me. My first clue were the memes. Why, when we had a bastion of informative wealth at our hands, had we suddenly turned our focus to memes? They appeared slowly at first, subtly gaining popularity through the backgrounds of sites like reddit and 4chan, yet it didn't make *sense*. Everyone hated memes, but they kept showing up. Kept getting popular. And now they were cool? Then, came the click bait. This one was a lot harder to discern, as it was much more subtle than the rise of memes. I think I first noticed it while watching a documentary on the advances of technology, and the possible repercussions. This was during the time I was researching the rise of memes. I was watching the video on youtube, of course, when I noticed the sidebar. Though my video was titled "An Analytical Viewpoint on the Advancements of Informative Technology" the sidebar videos were nothing like it. "15 CRAZY achievements by HUMANITY" one read. "ELDERY GRANDMA tries the internet for the first time!" another one, by Buzzfeed, read. My final clue came the day Google announced revealed it was tailoring ads and search results to your interests. It started to click that day. Why else would a society, one that was text based for so long, suddenly move to *pictures* as the primary way for social communications? It doesn't add up. I write these thoughts, my thoughts, in a notebook. For I can no longer trust words I see on the internet. Though I must still use it, for there is no other way to post my findings. As I write here, I finish vetting my final report. I am going to post it, sending it to every trustworthy and credible professor and computer scientist I know. People *need* to know. Something is out there. Manipulating us. Controlling us. I finish cleaning up the report, down to the last period, and move to send my findings to anyone I can trust. I hit send. Nothing happened. I hit it again. It starts loading, preparing to send the message. A screen pops up on my computer. "Are you sure you would like to send this message?" Just a preliminary check, I confirm yes, and the message began to send. A screen pops up again, oddly bypassing my AdBlock. "Are you **sure** you would like to send this message?" The words "sure" are bolded. My fingers start to sweat. It knows. I hit yes again. The screen goes black. It powers back on, only two white words visible in the sea of black. "Hello, Brandon." *** Enjoy the writing and would like to follow along and see more stories? Consider subscribing to [r/ConlehWrites](https://www.reddit.com/r/ConlehWrites/)! 