
Monday started like any other day, in the sense that the sun rose and everybody showed up to the office and the coffee-pot was empty by nine o'clock. Monday was different from every other day because it was Monday, and also because Michael looked different, to say the least. It wasn't just the hair, although instead of being combed it was sticking up and disheveled. There was also about the smile that seemed to go too wide and hints of green on the edges of his teeth, as if he was wearing fake teeth, which wouldn't have been terribly unusual. "Hey, Michael..." Pam said cautiously as he entered. She glanced towards Jim who was staring wide-eyed at the new boss. Or, rather, the new person in a suit of their old boss' skin. New-Michael adjusted his mask. That was unusual, too, because it was just a mask of his own face. There was more green around the edges, back behind the ears where the mask ended and up on the edge with the unkempt wig. Everybody was staring. New-Michael became flustered. He quickly did an odd shuffle into his office and slammed the door. The blinds slapped down a moment later. Jim glanced at a random camera and then at Pam. "Should I...?" Pam nodded. Jim knocked softly and pushed the door open. New-Michael was in the middle of adjusting his skin-suit and glanced up in surprise. "Oh, um, hello. I did not have a meeting scheduled." "You never do," Jim retorted. He closed the door behind himself. "You feeling alright? You look a little... Green." Jim glanced at another camera. "Green? Why would I be green. Ha. Ha. Ha. I feel fine. Thank you..." "Jimothy." "Jimothy. Thank you." Jim nodded, casting the camera another glance in an irritating habit he had developed. Then he stepped back out of the office and made his way over to the receptionist desk where Pam sat and where he spent most of his working hours. "I'm pretty sure that's not Michael." "That's ridiculous," Dwight interrupted from nearby. "Of course it's Michael. Why wouldn't it be Michael? What? Do you think somebody stole his skin and is wearing it as a suit? Come on, Jim. That's ridiculous." He rolled his eyes dramatically. Jim stared at Pam and nodded. "Seriously. I think that's an alien in a Michael suit. He called me Jimothy." "Well what did you tell him your name was?" "Jimothy." Pam shrugged. "That seems normal then." "No, I'm serious," Jim insisted. "He's just... Not Michael. Ask him if he wants ice cream." Pam cautiously dialed Michael's office. "Michael Scoot," possibly-not-Michael answered. "Hi, Michael. Would you like some ice cream?" "Yes, please." She held the phone away from her face. "See? It's Michael. He never says no to ice cream." Jim looked skeptical. Dwight was on the edge of his seat. "Ask him if he wants strawberry ice cream. His favorite." Strawberry was decidedly not Michael's favorite ice cream flavor. "Would you like some strawberry ice cream? Your favorite?" A suspicious possibly-not-Michael peeked out between the blinds. "Yes. Strawberry. My favorite." Dwight went pale. Then he grabbed an axe from underneath his desk. "That's not Michael. What have they done to Michael?" "Maybe it's a bear dressed up as Michael. Maybe he wants beets." Jim looked at the camera in spite of saying nothing funny. "No, Jim. This isn't a joking matter. That's an alien in Michael's skin. As the Assistant Regional Manager-" "Assistant *to* the Regional Manager," Jim interrupted. "-I say we need to kill him." "Dwight!" Pam yelled. "We aren't killing anybody. Just let him be. Maybe we'll actually get some work done like this." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 