
The skies were clear that day. Devoid of clouds as it were, it seemed a treat to most unfamiliar with such weather. Dogs were walked, work completed, breaks taken, and in the second that I stood in the hospital I took in not only that but the frail, gaunt form of the child I beheld. Its form so weak, its face so sunken and gray, I could not help but pity the poor soul. In the second I was there, I heard his story, his cries for help, his muffled sobs piercing through the silent night, and in all the time I've done what I've done, never before have I been cursed with such a morose tale. Never before have I taken pity on a mortal. Never are they without sin or failure, yet before me lay a young man, such a *pure* young man, that I took it upon myself to create a reality in which he will have nothing but the best. In short, I failed. I do not like death more than you, or the next one down the block. I do not like death any more than those that have to experience it, for to cut short a life was a sorrow of great magnitude to me. Yet, however much I mourn the souls I reap each and every second of my existence, I would not allow myself to fail in my duties. My duties are simple. They are to retrieve the souls leaving bodies of man and bring them home. Today was a day of exception, evidently. I knew that when I pardoned one life, another life would be saved -- or lost -- in the aftermath. Though today was, as I said, a day of exception, this one true fact of my existence would *not* be an exception. Even after I left, melting in and out of the shadows, in the back of my mind I felt the part of me I left there that day and understood what had happened. When I flew to Bristol to claim the soul of an elderly woman who partook in one too many drinks, I felt in the back of my invisible mind that a life had been spared. A family, miles and miles away in the cities of America, was spared the loss of a loved one, their beautiful and successful daughter. Amy, her name was. Although I spared lives that day, as a result I claimed several others. The mother driving home with her husband after a long and painstaking child labor was hit by a car, for they drove in the place of Amy, the young doctor with a happy family. The mother and baby died, leaving the father to live a meaningless life soon to be claimed by alcoholism. Death, as it is, is impartial. Fair. When one life is spared, another will take its place. Death does not pause in the mortal pursuit of happiness, and instead follows the journey to happiness where, sneakily approaching, it strikes. Death is that which hides in no shadow, and instead walks clear through the line of sight, invisible and unknown. Death is that which moves without sound, invisible and unknown. Death, above all, is the only thing that can strike fear into the hearts of mortal with a single word. If you liked my story, please check out/subscribe to r/storiesfromaguy ! 