
*I'm probably going crazy.* Thats what I thought as I laced up my shoes nice and tight, glancing back toward the front door. It was pitch black outside, the abyss of the dead time somewhere between dusk and dawn. The air was brisk, just slightly damp, and I kept looking at the damn house. The lights were on. I knew she was still awake. How could she sleep? *Fucking run.* "Jesus, okay," I mumbled, finishing a stretch before complying. "Why do I have to run, anyway?" "*Shut up.*" In retrospect, running while completely delirious wasn't the greatest idea, but whatever nagging asshole that had invaded during my sleep-deprived mania didn't seem to mind very much. So I ran. I don't know how long, but I made it it up the usual path to the two mile marker and stopped to catch my breath. "*Keep running.*" "Man, shut up already. Why? Gimme a sec, Christ." Every streetlight along the path, as afar as I could see, *popped* and the little bit of remaining light was gone. I turned back and saw a pair of eyes yellower than the sun behind me, stumbling backward, scrambling on the trail, and understood the words immediately. And I ran, stumbling along the path, only the sandy trail's feel beneath my runners to guide me. I ran until my legs were like jelly and each breath felt futile, collapsing near the point where the trail looped about a half mile from my home. The eyes were still behind me. I groaned, standing up and starting a feeble jog, but was rudely interrupted. "*Stop running.*" "What the fuck? Why would I stop now?" "*Stop.*" "And what? Get killed?" "*Face it.*" My heart pounded even harder than it had been while I was running, and I gulped down the lump in my throat. The eyes glowed in the darkness, floating, bobbing. I didn't have the gall to approach it, but just enough fear to freeze me while it did the work for me. Sweat dripped down my spine. My heart pounded in my eyes and ears and legs, making everything ache. I wanted to squeeze my eyes shut, but couldn't peel them from the horror. But they dimmed as they approached, those terrible yellow eyes, and didn't get as big as I thought they would. In fact, when it got close enough for my adjusted eyes to see, it was... a cat. It was a goddamn black housecat. It meowed at me. I pat it, cautious, and it meowed again, then slunk off into the abyss. After a pause, I looked to the sky. "What the fuck was all of that about?" The only response I got was rain. I got back to the house, drenched in drizzling that had washed my sweat away, all broken breaths and wobbly legs. My wife approached me, eyes wide, hands out. "What the hell were you doing?" she asked, brows furrowed. I gulped a few liters of air, squeezing my eyes shut, then straightened and put a hand on her shoulder, seeing the slouch in them and red in her eyes. "Running. But I'm done with that, now. Let's talk. Well... maybe tomorrow. We seriously need some sleep." She cocked her head, but let a faint smile twitch at her lips, and crept a hand up to mine. ---- */r/resonatingfury* 