
07/10/2020 It wasn't the overwhelming scientific evidence that vaccines were safe. It was bodily autonomy. How could the government tell me what to inject into my body. Most of the time I would roll over and give in, but it was just mind blowing to me how a government could tell me what to put in my body. My wife insisted the kids get it to get proper schooling. So I did cave. But I was too old, so I held out. They didn't last long. The kids that is. But it's not my fault. I didn't want them to get it. How could I blame my wife though? She did what was best, and the kids didn't get polio. They got something worse. Then she got it. They weren't even themselves. Nearly rabid foaming at the mouths and so logically, I put them down. Why suffer? They were gone, they weren't the ones I loved. There wasn't a cure. I wasn't going to save them and what the fuck did I know? I thought I knew best and how'd that go? Sporadic I know, but my mind tends to wander these days. My legs started to cramp and then atrophy. Couldn't walk much, supplies are running low. I don't know why I'm writing this as more than 99% of people are infected with the "vaccine" and the other 1% were either killed by them, have some incurable disease, or are barely holding on.. The city I'm in hasn't completely fallen, I guess. But they're gonna take care of me? I call bullshit... I miss'em. I miss my wife and the kids. What could I have done though? Is this punishment by the almighty for not giving my family the choice or fighting harder against the choice? Or is this my punishment for not following suit? Should I have walked with them into insanity? The Doc told me today eventually the atrophy would spread. Pretty much a death sentence. FDR lasted awhile on peanut oil so who knows? I give the scouts and salvagers all the tips I can and hope they get me meds or salves but God knows what they'll bring back. Or if they come back. Should they even worry about me? I'm sucking up resources as it is. Maybe the Doc will give me more morphine than I need and just let me fade. I shoulda got that vaccine. I could have left with my family. EDIT: Grammar, yo. 