
Mr Bumbles had been by my side ever since I was a child, a gift from my beloved uncle that he said he had sewn himself. Before my father died, he had told me that every ruler in our family had a protector who would appear in our times of direst need. When uncle told me that bear would take care of me, it immediately brought my fathers last story to mind. I dragged that bear everywhere around the palace...Until my tutors told me such behaviour was unbecoming of the heir apparent. It was childish, I know, but that bear always had a place of honour within my bed chamber...Not in my bed of course, my tutors would have had a fit! No Mr Bumbles sat on the gilded chair I always put in front of the wardrobe. I had started having this recurring nightmare, the night my father passed...In the dream there was this horrible shadowy monster with dripping yellow eyes that loomed over me and kept reaching out as if to grab me. It drove me to my uncle's chambers a good few times, until he concocted a special medicine that gave me blessedly dreamless sleep. Though for some reason that never stopped me from destroying as I always seemed to do when gripped by nightmares...He told me not to worry about the monster, because Mr Bumbles would keep it away, such fantasies gave my child self a greater piece of mind...I convinced myself that bear was the guardian my father had always talked of...If I remember correctly I even talked about knighting the bear for his nightly service protecting his king...That always made uncle laugh. As the years went on uncle seemed to get more and more irritable with me, he didn't laugh as much and he kept treating me like a child even though I was fast approaching manhood. It was on the eve before I turned 16 when I finally lost my temper, uncle had held a war council without telling me and no one seemed to take my side. I overheard one of the servants laughing about how their king still needed a stuffed animal and how my nightmares always woke the rest of the palace. That was the night I decided to prove them all wrong, I poured uncles medicine out the window and stowed the threadbare mr Bumbles beneath my bed. I suppose when I woke up to my beloved childhood toy trying to stab me with a knife...It was also an awakening of a different kind. On reflection I realised uncle had never really cared about me...He never comforted me when I was afraid, he just gave me something to knock me out...He never cared about me becoming a great king, he just wanted something to display, and now the thing he had given me as a gift wanted me to kill me. I really did think I was going to die, it was the perfect crime really...Who would suspect Mr Bumbles other than a madman? This had been what uncle had wanted all this time...That was when a long shadowy claw lunged out and grabbed the bear by the head. I watched paralysed with fear, as the shadow monster that had haunted my childhood, tore that bear to pieces! It moved closer to me, it's yellow glowing softly as it rested a claw against my cheek. It wasn't at all how I imagined the creature would feel, in my nightmares it's touch was cold and clammy like a corpse, but in reality it was warm...It was soft and ever so gentle! I stared at it in shock, it had never wanted me dead I realised...This creature was the night time guardian my father had always told me about...It had never been the bear! I watched as the creature climbed onto the end of my bed and curled up into a ball, quivering with joy as it finally took its proper place at my side. Uncle had a lot to answer for I thought to myself, absentmindedly stroking the beast, awaiting the morning and the change it would bring. 