
The signs were there. They had always been there. I was too blind to see them. I would be cooking a meal and look at the bowl of pasta I'd made. Had it moved? No, of course not. And so I deluded myself. Pretended that I didn't see his glory, his message. He saw me worthy enough to communicate me and I ignored him! What a fool I was! How blind I was! But today I could ignore him no longer. In front of my very eyes, the meatball floated up to my eye level, its brown perfect roundness embraced in a cocoon of stringy spaghetti. It did not look at me, for it did not have eyes, and it did not speak to me for it did not have a mouth. But it *saw* me, and it *told* me. In its gaze there was accusation, anger, but also...mercy. Forgiveness. He understood. He saw my weakness, my blindness, and forgave me. I fell to my knees as the ball floated above me, with tears in my eyes. And then it floated out of the window. I gaped at it. Everything became less sharp, less clear. I felt...incomplete. Had I lived like this just seconds ago? How could I? I couldn't go back to this after witnessing such perfection. I wouldn't. And so I jumped out the window onto the street, not bothering with the door. It was waiting for me at the mouth of the alley, looking almost expectant. And so I followed. Through the streets of New York, past screaming horns, barking dogs, and blind people, I followed. Whenever I got to a crosswalk I would find the light green. I never stopped, just followed. Vaguely I was aware of others following, a select few who had been chosen by him as I was. Lucky and bold enough to heed his call. And we gathered at last in Washington Square park. The meatball I was following suddenly whizzed up and out of sight. Once more, I gaped at the sheer loss of it. And then I looked up. Above the arch he floated. Joined by thousands, nay millions of meatballs just like mine. Words just aren't enough to describe his glory, that feeling of *right* that accompanied him. I just looked at him, and I knew it would all be okay. And it was. *** (minor edits) Uh yeah. So I don't know what the hell that was, but I hope you enjoyed it. I was inspired by a drunk woman at midnight and this is the result. For saner stories check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 