
The Instant Kettle. That's what my "Super Heroic Temporary Title" is. Granted, I'm to blame for that, instead of properly explaining my power I decided to be a smart ass. So of course when they asked what my power was, I skipped answering that question in favor of the practical one. And I caused the water to boil in his mug. Unfortunately, the superhero doing the interviews took my ability a little too literally. He assumed I could boil water in any vessel. Okay so that is technically true, but honestly he didn't even ask. So weeks later to when I making tea for some member of The Unified Justice Front, and not even getting a tip mind you, you could say I'm a bit.... Miffed. Now I've tried to bring up this situation to the proper channels, of course. Follow procedure and the bureaucracy of it all, play by the rules, yadda yadda. But nobody, and I mean NOBODY is listening. I signed up for a WORK Study program with today's leading heroes, not Cafe essentials 101. I even had a costume specially made! Graphene filament embedded silk, super high thread count. Thing cost me $3000 dollars, a steal mind you, but not exactly petty cash. I was going to be called The Evaporator. Or maybe even Flash Boil. But no, that's apparently not who I'm SUPPOSED to be. Instead they just mock me, and say, "Oh yes, grand idea, Insta-Ket(yes they even shorten my nickname), we'll keep that one right here, on the break room fridge, just like all the other good ideas." Well, five months in and I'm officially tired of their sneering and condescending attitudes. These pricks are superhuman, and super dense. See here's a 5th grade science question for you; how much water is in the human body? Chances are more than you would think. Follow up question; how much water can I boil at once? Answer for that is, roughly, a public pool. And we're talking about instant boiling here. So I hope you're paying VERY close attention to this letter, Mr. Ultra. Because if you decided to instead use it as a coaster.... Well that'd just be unfortunate. Because as of you receiving this letter, my declaration of war is sent, and I will be beginning my assault against this very branch within 20 minutes of the delivery. Regards .......... *There appears to have once been a hand signed signature and PS subject, but it is no longer legible through what appears to be a red and brown water stain* Edit: This was a fun one. Check out the follow ups of myself and Orange_jucc (in the comments below) 