
I've been in this game since I was a teenager. Can't remember when exactly I got sucked in, but it happened gradually. When we were 13 we thought it would be fun, fooling around the streets, generic "foot de rue", graffiti, cliques (I wouldn't call them gangs) and whatnot. We thought it was fun then. As time went by, the money I made on the side helped me climb the social ladder, but I still had to learn life the hard way. Thankfully I managed enough cash to get through college. Did pitiful jobs here and there for dangerous individuals, not yet knowing their true form. They were nice to me. Too nice. I was so naive. Needless to say, it's been decades. I got fucked up and over by everyone and everything that possibly could take advantage of me. But I have learned. And I have evolved. See, none of these kids (these drug dealers, even the big sharks) actually bother to get anywhere in life, knowing it will all be ruined one day or another. They live every moment as if it is their last, chasing the high of adrenaline. They think their market is the biggest in the world. They are so arrogant. They are so blind. Without wanting to sound hypocritical, I will still say this: I have risen above them. Something good came out of all my bad decisions: I educated myself. Properly. Not only in the streets. Literature, courses, debates, interest in politics... those are the things that truly sharpen your mind. And they let me see beyond my shitty life. Now I have changed the game. ______ Drug dealers aren't shit. They are the scum of the world. They do have bosses, though, the "big fish", as people like to call them. But they too, are but pitiful. The suppliers, (their superiors, which you'd think run this gig) have also people higher up the ladder. It is not a hierarchy: it is a cycle. And the most influential people in this cycle are the producers. Now, I've been everyone's kid, since I got into this game early on. Everyone trusted me. How couldn't they? I let them believe that they were the ones manipulating my 13-15 year old self. I had the mental power to go both through acting my way to gain their trust, and a normal life on the side (first school, then uni, sometimes other jobs, even though I was with these guys full time). It was tiresome, but it made me strong. Nevertheless, I had a goal. I patiently made my way up the ladder: first on a regional scale, then intercontinental. I sat in rooms with people dressed in hoodies, then thugs tattooed and pierced from head to toe, then businessmen in suits. And I did it all for this. Here I sit today, having cut all ties with our old producer, or doctor, as we like to call them. We won't hear from him ever again. I am appointed to be the new doctor. I secretly coached 3 chemists, alongside our 5 experienced ones working worldwide. But these 3 younglings won't be manufacturing illegal drugs. They will be synthesizing cancer treatments. _______ The market for cancer drugs was valued at 97 401 million in 2017. It grows of a percentage every year. The black market for cancer drugs has grown significantly since the bitcoin craze last year, as more people are getting familiarized with the deep web purchase mechanism. It's high demand. Extremely high. But sitting here, about to initiate my plan, more than I ever have before, I fear for my life. I find that a lot of people underestimate the influence of big pharma. Of politics. Of lobbyists. For this is THEIR game. They dabble in playing with people's lives for their own economical pursuit. They kill so many to satisfy their greed. No more. I will go down in flames, and no one in history will ever hear either my name, or my story, but at least I will die trying to change this world. Either that, or I will get sucked into this game and become one of THEM. I don't know. I sit in this room, no longer with men dressed in suits, but now men dressed in medals. Politicians, war heroes, prime ministers. Yet it's nowhere near an official meeting; this is a Christmas gathering. This is where most deals are made - under the table. And I have to put on my best impression to please them. I absolutely have to, because otherwise... let's just say it's easy to make a man disappear without killing him. [EDIT for format (written on phone)] Edit 2: thank you for your kind feedback!!! It means a lot ! 