
I cannot think of a better word to describe my death than 'agonizing.' The knife that twisted in my gut as we struggled on the floor was the most painful thing I'd ever experienced. Even the adrenaline that surged through my body couldn't dull the bite of the blade. I died screaming. I died struggling. And although it was, in all senses of the word, painful... the most agonizing part of my death was the realization that I wouldn't be around to protect my family from this monster. They were locked in the bedroom hiding in the closet, my wife and two daughters. My body had stopped responding to me as the blood left my body in greater and greater quantities. My dying regrets were many. I wished I'd installed a security system in my home. I wished I'd owned a dog. I wished I hadn't left our only gun with my wife. I wished I hadn't screamed as I died- my babies would never recover from hearing their father screaming in the kitchen. And as my vision faded and the intruder stepped over me to wander into the next room, I prayed to Jesus that I would go to Hell so that I could meet that bastard again and repay him for everything he took from me. In an instant I was blinded. I shielded my eyes and took a step back. I was somehow standing upright, and I quickly took stock of my body. I felt around for a wound, but found none. I was wearing some kind of leather tunic, and standing upon an array of many colors. Indeed it was as though I was standing on top of a rainbow- a symbolic gesture once made between God and mankind. As my eyes adjusted, I saw it in the distance: a gleaming hall just over the bend of the rainbow. The kingdom of Heaven. The realization that I'd truly crossed over settled in on me as I made my way forward across the rainbow bridge. I somehow didn't feel sadness- only peace. Before long I was standing in front of a great hall with gleaming golden pillars and towering doors that began to open from the middle. I watched as an absolute behemoth of a man stepped out from behind the doors and descended the steps to greet me. He had a long snow-white beard and was dressed in a complete set of battle armor. I dropped to my knees and lowered my head. I was about to meet Saint peter himself. "Rise," came a deep voice from in front of me. I stood up and tried to keep myself from shaking, but I'd become a bundle of nerves since the moment I saw him. "S-Saint Peter," I began. "Nope. Guess again." He said firmly. The color drained from my face. "Am I... Am I in Hell?" I asked, finally summoning the courage to look him in the eye. His face looked both aged and youthful all at once, and his eyes were an absolutely radiant blue. Although his thick beard hid his mouth, he was smiling with his eyes. "No, you aren't in Hel. I've chosen you to spent eternity in the great hall. You're in Asgard now, son. You're home." I couldn't piece my words together. My mouth hung open as I stammered and looked past him at the megalithic structure. "I've seen that look before," the man said as he slapped me on the back. "Didn't think the Norse had it right did'je?" He laughed a hardy laugh and began guiding me up the steps. "My name is Odin. I'm known otherwise as the Allfather. My hall is where all great warriors go. And you, James are a great warrior." I wish I had more to say, but I was still completely overwhelmed. I finally strung a sentence together. "You... You're Odin. The Viking God. Asgard... It's real." "As real as it gets, son," he said as we reached the top of the steps. He pushed the doors open and the voices of a thousand men yelled in unison to greet me. As if on cue, I saw three men emerge from the crowded tables of the hall all dressed the same as I. Tears came to my eyes as I saw their faces. Gerald. Mickey. Theodore. I had shared a fox hole with all of them during the second world war. I was the only one of us to come home after the war ended. They threw their arms open and I embraced each of them. "Welcome home, Jimmy." Said Mickey as he clasped me on the side of my head. I turned back towards Odin- I had more to say. Instead, all I saw was a second figure walking up the steps next to Odin. He had already begun welcoming another. And as the two of them got closer, I recognized him. I stared in disbelief as he walked through the doors of the hall and his face matched mine when he saw me. After a moment of silence he lifted his shoulders and said simply, "Your wife is a good shot." - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - I get a 15 minute break at work aside from my usual lunch break. I pick a prompt, spend a couple of minutes storyboarding, and then do as much as I can within the confines of my break. If you enjoyed this, consider following me at r/A15MinuteMythos 