
"Daddy... I'm scared" "It's okay, baby. It's a magic trick!" "Ma... Magic?" "It's fun! I'm here now, I disappear, and I come back! Okay?" Bruce said as he held the door and brushed the damp cheeks of his little girl. "Okay-" With a ring of a bell, the doors to the lift slid shut. The sound of the lift being pulled up and the faint crying of a little girl in a distance ensued. Bruce simply chuckled to himself as he thought about surprising his daughter. The thought of her half crying and half excited was the only thing that he'd expected. Thus, he ran upstairs in a speed of light. His excitement barely numbed the cramps he felt on his legs. It's been a while since he last did any running yet he took it like a champ. *I bet Katy would nag me about this for a while...* He thought as he catch his breath in front of the lift. Another ring of a bell echoed and the door slid open slowly. A cloud of smoke blew past Bruce and he could barely see into the lift. He heard faint crying from within the lift, of course Katy *did* cry when the lift first closed. Yet somehow he felt something odd had occurred. "Katy...?" Bruce squinted as he stepped forth to block the doors from closing with his hand. "..." "Are you okay, baby?" "You left me, dad. I can't believe you did that!" A familiar yet distant voice caught Bruce off guard. "I-I'm sorry, Katy- Wait, what?" as the smoke dissipated, he saw a grown woman in her 20s, dressed in the same sundress as her little daughter was. The woman had the same complexity as Katy. He could see *some* resemblance as the woman looked him in the eyes. She then stepped forward to exit the lift. As she did this, Bruce took a few steps back. *Who is this woman? Where the hell is Katy?!* "E-Excuse me, miss. Did you see my daughter? She's a... I played a dumb prank on her. I, uh-" "Dad! Unbelievable," the woman then hugged him tightly. "Katy?" "Don't do that again... I seriously thought I lost you, you know!" "I guess my magical power was too much, huh?" "It was a prank, you said it yourself. I can't believe I almost fell for it." Bruce then walked away with the grown-up Katy hand-in-hand beside him. They laughed and talked, seemingly as if everything was normal. Bruce couldn't help but think how odd the situation he was in. He thought this woman still wasn't his daughter, but his parental instinct reassured him. "What's the matter, dad?" "Nothing. I'm just confused, that's all." As he said this, he caught a glimpse of a reflection on a mirror on the wall. *That's odd.* He thought to the bizarre sight. He saw a young adult woman holding the hands of an older man with grey hair. Blood drained from his face as he began to shake his head off. If this was a bad dream, he would love to be awaken from it. Edit: inconsistent use of pronouns, credit to u/ComputerBuild1 