
Disclaimer: Never submitted one of these before. Subverted a bit of the prompt in a way. Hope it came out well. Be gentle pls. "We said the native species, Mister Irwin. That doesn't include any animals we've taken in here from your former plane of existence." &#x200B; The leader of the group of angels stared at Steve, obviously displeased with his actions regarding his smuggling attempt. He should have known he'd be caught, but he figured it'd be worth a try, to try and save an animal from the cruelty that would be found in hell, especially for an animal like that. "You don't understand, mate. They were killing these in scores a few years back, just because we were mad. They don't deserve it. Nor does he deserve hell just for an accident." Steve said, keeping the animal beneath his shirt as best he could in an effort to keep it calm. &#x200B; "I understand Mister Irwin, but we have procedure here, and you can't be breaking procedure for your own will. His will is all that matters, and this is where it's supposed to go." &#x200B; The line growing outside Heaven's gates continues to lengthen, with Steve obviously the leading cause of the hold-up. People were quickly becoming impatient, eagerly seeking their awaited afterlives. "Please, you just gotta give him a chance! It was just an accident! What would you do in a moment of fear?" the Australian plead, almost falling to his knees at the angels' mercy. Suddenly, the grouping was washed with light and peace fell over the disorderly crowd of people waiting; and it became clear that God himself was speaking to His angels. &#x200B; After a moment, the light disappeared and the angels stepped aside, their voices silent as the gates opened as if to allow Steve through. A cautious moment he waited, before carefully stepping through the angels and the gates themselves. "It'll be alright, little fella." he said, pulling the collar of his shirt away to speak down into the haven of the animal he has worked to protect. "The others'll be nearby, I'm certain of it." &#x200B; It took some time, but he finally happened upon a white beach, practically gravid with wildlife from Earth. He set upon the beach's edge and knelt down in the sand beside the water, opening up his shirt. "Easy now, fella." he muttered, having found a grouping of rays. His hands grasping gently at the stingray, he laid it down into the water, a smile crossing his visage as he watched it join the group of others while he stood back up in the sand. &#x200B; The angelic crew recording him on video could only monitor as he turned back around, arms stretched outward saying, "Alrighty, let's get back to Hell, shall we?" 