
The young, slick-haired boy smiled at the camera. Don Auditorio suppressed a sigh. They were all the same, these up-and-coming *soldatos*. Thought they were a rising star. Thought they knew how to do *his* job better. "Not taking any risks, hm, boss?" The boy grinned at lens hovering near his face. "Be quiet," Auditorio said in a soft voice. It had been different once. Mafia associates had shown *respect*, because that was all that held everything together. But now the Mafia operated within... other constraints. "There was evidence, Enzo." He said in his soft voice. "An illegal kill. You know the feds don't tolerate it. Not these days." The Don got up out of his chair and turned his back, facing the window, looking out onto the azure swimming pools and distant Sicilian beach. Sadly he still saw the smug kid's face in the reflection. At least the grin was gone now. "I made sure to avoid federal drones," the boy said hotly. "There was only mafia tech-" "*I* have the evidence," the Don said. "If they find out I'm holding back illegal murders, they will open up a legal hit on me. And they are watching me, Enzo. You should've known that." The young *soldato* paled. "I should kill you right here," Auditorio said softly. He watched his wife and daughter, sunbathing near the pool. He felt nothing. He calmly turned around, his old Smith and Wesson already in his hand. They had railguns these days but he preferred the old feel. The old ways. Ah. The boy had scrambled back, but Don Auditorio made a placid gesture. "I am willing to hide the evidence," he said. "But you understand, Enzo, that you're in my pocket now. You will obey my every command. You will scrounge in the dirt for me. Perhaps one day, I will burn the evidence files. One day, you may even become a Capo. But your independence is a thing of the past." The boy slicked back his hair, out of words for once. The Don lit up a cigar; he hated that e-cigarette *cazzate*. "How's that girl of yours, Enzo? Sophia her name was, I think." He puffed some smoke, coughing. "The red-haired one. Tell her to pay me a visit next saturday." "A visit?" All the boy's confidence was gone. "*Si.* To pay her respects." Another puff. The Don turned back to the window, smiling. "Like the old days." The glass of the window cracked, a white star around a clean hole. Almost in surprise, Auditorio looked down at his chest, where a red flower of pain was blooming around a neat hole in the center, mirroring the glass. He tried to gasp, but his right lung was pierced. "So you like the old days, eh, boss?" Enzo was sitting in the chair, holding a slick new railgun. Silent. Efficient. Gone was the smugness, gone was the boy. Auditorio held on to the desk, trying to speak, but all he could do was smear blood on the polished surface. "The illegal hit was staged, by the way," Enzo said. "I'm working with the feds, they've suspected you of holding murder evidence for blackmail. Making this," he gestured at the Don's chest with his gun, "A *legal* hit." The Don reached for his S&W pistol, but Enzo shot it to smithereens with the railgun. Bits of metal flew everywhere. "Get used to the new age, boss." The Don was coughing, slouching on the desk. Enzo leaned in closer, whispering as he pulled the Don's ear to his lips. "But this next shot is for what you did to Petro." He put another bullet clean through the Don's head. Revenge. At least that was according to the old days. Enzo wondered if Auditorio had really cared. Probably not. He grinned again at the camera drone and took a bow. It would pay off to keep the feds happy, for now. After all, Enzo was a rising star. 