
We walked in a column, two abreast. The forest was always dark, even in the middle of the day. The light hit boughs and leaves and vines for 200 metres above us, with the occasional shaft breaching through them to reach the ground level. It made the place empty and full all at once - a twilight uneasiness punctuated with the cries and chitters of the mega-continent's fauna. I'd hated it immediately. The place was such a backwater it didn't even have an official designation. I grew up on Felix 3 - idyllic, an 'Eden World', in the classification of the Wider Earth Dominion. Agrarian meadows and gentile people nothing like the sweaty, half-blind rebels that crawled along the forest floor in their hovels and burrows. Still, there was a reason I'd signed up for the Corps. My ability. It wasn't revolutionary, or even that useful - just something I could do. Precognition, I guess. My limit was about 30 seconds ahead, standard Earth time, but it all came in one lump vision. It used to help me with tests in school. Just before the teacher would shut off our tablets, I'd be furiously scribbling, having heard the chatter of the kids around me just ahead. Of course, that didn't mean the answers were always right, but I got good at choosing seats. *That* meant they were right enough to give me decent grades - enough to enlist in Officer's training and jump off to the training planets. Some meat for the grinder; a kid for the beast. New officer, dangerous planet. Old story. My squad made sure that I remembered - Callisto especially, tough bastard. He was 15 years in the Corps and didn't appreciate anything but blood spilled and hours walked. Then there was Corporal Hennson - one tour, unblooded; Private Trevalny - green as grass, like me; Six - our medic & his real name, he insisted; and, finally, Anders - the only woman on our squad. Quiet. She never liked me, but she kept her distance from the rest of the squad too. Strange one. We unhappy few marched through the undergrowth, Trevalny and I at the head of the column. Somewhere ahead of us was the transponder of a crashed ornithopter. The beacon pulsed on my visor - 3km and closing. We knew the crew was probably dead, scoured by the rebels as soon as they hit the ground, but we pressed on all the same. Trevalny swore next to me as he smashed an insect with a thorax the size of a lemon. No one spoke - we were all afraid of swallowing something nasty. Something flashed in my brain, hot and angry. I stopped, raising my fist to signal the others. The visions always warned me, thankfully enough. I felt my eyes turn to the back of my head, and the vision unspooled like a roll of film. A shaft of light - a pinprick coming through the leaves. Trevalny and I walking, then just me. I turn. The squad look at each other, unsure. I turn back around, thinking they've seen something I haven't. The first round hits me in the back, and I crumple, twisting. Callisto has shot me, I see. The others hesitate, and he barks at them to fire. Trevalny raises his rifle. My mind pulls me back to the present. The world seems still. Trevalny is looking at me, wide-eyed. He makes the 'OK?' sign with his thumb and forefinger. I stare back at him blankly. Fucking shit. Fuck. My training kicks into gear, and the paralysis leaves me. I see my body moving without my control. Me or them, me or them. Lowering my fist, I, gesture the squad forward. I drop to the back of the pack. We walk for a second. On my left, a tiny circle of light hits the ground. It's real. It's real. I stop, letting them get a little bit ahead. I raise my rifle, switching it to a 3 round burst, and flip off my anti-friendly fire protocol. The first shots hit Callisto centre-mass. The next burst is for Six. They crumple. I switch targets to Trevalny. His rifle is trained upwards, looking for non-existent rebels ahead of us. He falls. Hennson manages to turn, bearing his rifle on me. I drop him as he squeezes off a round, hitting a tree to the left of me. Last one, last one. Anders is gone. I sweep a 180deg arc ahead of me. She's vanished, somewhere. You need to leave, my brain tells me. You need to leave. I push past the bodies of my squad, rifle ready. Trevalny has his eyes open, but he's choking on blood. Blue eyes, looking through me. Blue and red and green all together, down on the ground. I can hear their earbuds crackling an order as I push into the undergrowth. ----- Thinking about an Anders POV part 2. Tell me if y'all like it as I've got some good Saturday time to burn. /r/Robin_Redbreast 