
Wasn't enough to just be a shopkeeper these days - no, times were a'changing. See, all these adventurers sound like a great idea, at the start at least. They come into the town, offer to just about exterminate whatever ain't human, for a price of course. Just appealing to damned xenophobia, really. Then they happily go a'killing and bleed us dry. Never bother buying much weapons or anythin' from me either, not like the monsters put up much of a fight. At least, they never used to. No, I learned that it was better to play both sides. All those monsters who weren't doing much harm to no one before - well, now they've got some damn fine weapons and armor, and they're not no pushovers now. The goblins are armed to the teeth, they are. The orcs have battleaxes that I smithed m'self and they can cleave through leather like it's going out of fashion - which it ain't, leather's always a good buy, only 5 silver pieces if you want the full set. See, the land's suddenly found itself being far more dangerous for adventurers, thanks to me of course. But it's only fair, right? I'm just leveling the playing field. And now the adventurers have to stock up on better weapons and potions themselves, which only helps me more. Some people may think its amoral, I know my old wife ain't too happy about it - but who's the true bad guys here, eh? The shopkeeper helping the disenfranchised defend themselves, or the damned murder hobos indulging in a bit of genocide? If you ask me, I'm just providing equal service. Fair's fair, eh? Of course, nobody in the town knows, not just yet. Doesn't pay to be too vocal about it, but all the so-called 'monsters' know me by name. Don't have no problems with them neither - never really did before, but 'specially not since I've been helping 'em out, for a price of course. A man's gotta make a living, even if it's off a killin'. I just consider it payback, cause most of those species ain't no trouble for us. Them quest-givers who want them all dead, well they're worst of the bunch, I'll tell you that for free. Although sure, there's some monsters I simply won't equip - the one's that don't got no money, hah! For real though, the undead know better than to put their foot in here, and they better take it with 'em too. Necromancers in general are not welcome, neither are those damned trolls. You can never reason with a ton'o rock. I have my standards, just as any man. Well, that's my story, so you can't say I ain't a straight talker. But as I was saying, Mr Ogre, how about this 'ere fine war hammer? It's a pricey one, sure, but I hear there's plenty adventurers afoot who's armed to the teeth - don't hurt to be too careful these days. ***** ***** [CroatianSpy](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) 