
"I rob the third cash drawer." I cupped my forehead and sighed as the sole female at the table burst into yet another scolding. "Donald, you cannot keep robbing the merchant. You've already robbed two of his cash drawers. You need to leave it at that. He's going to notice!" "I rob the third cash drawer!" Donald insisted. "Alright, roll for sleight of hand." I muttered, shaking my head and rolling a perception check behind my cover. Thirteen. "Donald you don't even have proficiency! Stop!" "Don, I don't think it's right to keep robbin' this merchant. It's unwornted aggression." "I roll..." The sitting president ignored his compatriots' complaints and lifted his solid gold d20. He gave it a kiss, stretching out hip lips to a mildly repulsive degree before rolling it gently onto the table. ... "You've got to be fucking kidding me!" "Nineteen. Of course." "That just ain't right." George shook his head with a disappointed grin while Hillary and Barack simply stared down at the die, one with his trademark frown, the other with wide-eyed disbelief. "You rob the third cash drawer, finding thirty-seven gold and fourteen silver pieces," I said with a roll of my eyes. "Congratulations, Donald. Lord Dagoth the Big has successfully robbed the merchant of every coin in his store." Donald just pursed his lips and nodded while scribbling down his newly acquired wealth on his character sheet. "Ehrm, guys. I believe that our original objective was to question this merchant as to the whereabouts of his colleague in order to continue our quest." The final, and quietest member finally spoke up, his soft-spoken reminder gently guiding the party back on track. "Right. I ask the merchant about his coworker. Where-uhh, can we find this gentleman? What does he look like?" I glance down at my notes on the shopkeeper's personality. A dwarf. He's kinda belligerent. The topic of Gareth the Coinshaper is stressful for him. I clear my throat. "The shopkeep narrows his eyes at you. 'An why should I tell you, ya stringy knife-eared sissy?" Barack looked taken aback for a moment, as if he hadn't expected any resistance. He looked down and began shuffling through his character sheet and unnecessarily large pile of notes. Hillary jumped in, just as one of the players slipped me an index card with a discreet action written on the front. "I roll to persuade the merchant to tell us about Goroth." Hillary confidently swept up her "artisan" d20 and rolled it across the table. Two. "You fail." "Plus four!" "You still fail. The merchant shakes his head roughly and crosses his arms. 'I ain't tellin y'all nothin! I don't know a Gareth an even if I did, I don't trust y'all one bit. Especially that dirty elf barbarian! It just ain't natural!'" Donald grinned and licked the dorito dust from his fingers. Somehow, the family-size bag had migrated into his lap when no one was looking. "I tell the merchant that it's very not nice to judge people without getting to know them." "The merchant-" "AND THEN I put my very large hand on his shoulder and tell him that if he helps us out maybe I'll let him get to know me better." Donald finished with a suggestive eyebrow wiggle and raised his golden d20. I rolled my eyes. "Alright. Roll to seduce." ... ... "That's bullshit!" Hillary screeched, jowls quivering as she leapt from her seat. "Nat 20." Donald said, squinting his eyes and leveling a smug grin at each individual player before going back to his bag of doritos. "Alright, the merchant blushes and-" "WAIT! I ALSO ROLL TO SEDUCE!" Without waiting for permission, Hillary sent her d20 skittering across the table. ______ I've got to go work out, but maybe I'll finish this off when I get back. 