
"Wait... You did WHAT?" I stood alone, mouth agape and bewildered, as I spoke through the cosmos, communicating with my rival. "Well, you threw it out! It's not like you were gonna use it again." Satan replied, defiant as per fucking usual. "I really liked the project we were working on with Earth, man! Oh, but you had to get all butthurt because the dominant species decided to disobey your rules - which are really dumb, by the way! But yeah, I wanted to see if those 'humans' could find a way out of the holy judgemental pickle you put 'em into!" I can't believe this guy. He really takes the "One man's trash" metaphor to a whole new level. But whatever, I guess he made a fair point. "Well... How'd they do it?" I asked him. Satan laughed - more of a giggle really. "Okay, so get this. A lot of them still really liked you, so what I did was..." he took a minute to chuckle, "I... I pretended to be you, and told one guy to build a boat. His name was Neil... or something like that. So then I thought 'Well, go big or go home' so I told him to put two of EVERY SPECIES on that sonofabitch." I struggled to hide a laugh. "You asshole! How far did he get before that went to hel- I mean, went to shit?" "So get this!" He could barely contain himself. "This Nigel dude actually did it! The absolute madman somehow made a gigantic boat and rounded up a good amount of animals, and they somehow survived your little flood!" "Somehow..." I pondered. Oh wait. "You helped him, didn't you?" "I mean of course! He sure as shit couldn't have done it himself." "Alright, so humanity and the animals survived. What happened next?" "Well, that's when it went off the rails, my man. So there was some terrifying lizard lady, let's call her Mary. I put her there to get a laugh, but BOY OH BOY did that backfire. My fault for making her parthenogenic really. So she reproduces, without a male mate of course, and gives birth to some guy. Everyone freaks the hell out because they think I'm - or that you're the dad. His name was Jesus, I'm pretty sure." "Yeah, that's how I found out about your little scheme, dude. Apparently he made an impact on these humans?" "Well, yeah. I'll be honest, I had a lot of fun with this guy. So I was thinking 'Hey, why don't we give the son of an asexual lizard beast some wizard powers? That would be badass!' And I did. Long story short, he fell in love with me and he was killed pretty brutally. But then I brought him back a couple days later and people lost their damn minds!" Well, I was hooked. "And then what? I need more information!" He laughed even more as he presented this story to me. "Well, that's when it all goes to shit..." Satan regaled to me the history of my canned project. He spoke of politics, idiots, crusades, holy wars, slavery, and everything in between. It felt like hours for me, and you know what they say about a million years feeling like a minute for me. "...And now it's a pretty bleak situation. Firefly is still canceled, that one guy from The Apprentice leads America now, and people are still fighting over who is the real god." I thought to myself for a long time. I was silent in my contemplation, and chose my next words very carefully. "Satan?" I asked. "Yeah God?" "I've already tried water on these idiots. When you get bored of them, try using fire this time around." EDIT: Thank you for the gold!!!! 