
"You were right, your carburator is broken." said the mechanic, wiping his hands. "You know a lot about cars for a doctor." "You'd be surprised what I know." replied the man knows as Dr. Leimann. "I'm surprised. Usually big heads like you don't think much of cars and just ask us to fix it." "I'm not like the others though." "What do you mean? "I guess I can tell..." started the doctor, turning his back from the mechanic to look around. "The first time I learned I could syphon life, I was giving care to a patient. It had been a long night and I didn't realize the nurse had put 20 ml more than I asked. A couple of minutes later, I was cleaning my hands when I felt the energy course through my system for the first time, an energy that wasn't mine. Before I could understand, the monitor started its alert, pointing at room 26, where the patient I had just treated was lying." "You should write a book, you have some great fantasy novel ideas." replied the mechanic, while working on the car. "Maybe. But here I was, running back to the patient, a feeling of fun and hilariousness running through my system. The more I ran, the faster I felt I could run." continued the doctor. "By the time I got there, the nurse declared the patient dead from a morphine overdose, which I had just admistrated. Fatigue related negligence they called it. I thought I had lost my licence right there." "I'm guessing you got it back?" replied the mechanic, under the car. "I managed to kill an attorney before my trial and successfully defended myself." said the doctor, before muttering hnder his breath. "Stop being salty, Steven." "You sure you don't want to become an auteur or give your ideas for a video game?" questionned the mechanic, reaching out from under the car for a tool he had dropped. "I could." said the doctor, stepping on the hand reaching out from under his car, immobilizing it. "Alas, that would mean they might catch me." As the mechanic screamed, the car lift descended completely, crushing him underneath. "Alright, let's finish this repair then leave." said the doctor, lifting the car back up. "Yes, John, I won't forget to clean up the data. Do you think I would leave my plate number here?" -_-_-_-_-_-_- Thanks for reading, if you want to read more, you can search for r/volvaryWrites. It's out of date, I need to update it. As always, I love critics and comments. 