
"Wait, sorry. That was my kid. So I want..." Catherine shushed her two year old and clutched the phone tightly. "Hey, no problem. He speaks Mandarin very well." "Excuse me? You understood him?" The voice on the other side of the phone answered. "Of course! Did you teach him?" Catherine wasn't sure how to answer her. "Yes. Yes, I did. I just wondered if it was good enough that you understood it." "Yes! It's perfect. In fact, colour me impressed. OK, I have your order. It will be delivered in 45 mins to an hour. Thank you for calling and supporting us in his tough time." There was only one reasonable explanation. She had to be joking. She was playing a prank on me. No two year old could speak a language that well, least of all, something they'd never heard anyone speak. But when the same thing happened as she called the Indian place to order delivery a couple of days later, Catherine really began to wonder. What if? Next morning she sat looking at him as he struggled with putting blocks together. It was impossible. But there had been reports about kids remembering past life. She wondered if little Adrian might have been a linguist in his past life? She wondered if she should talk to her husband about it. Since the quarantine had started he had been working from home. He was in the basement right now. It was weird really. Since his office had asked to work from home, his working hours had actually increased. She had been looking forward to spending some more time together but even the time they spent together now was always tense. Lots of pressure at work, he had said. They sat at the dinner table as Catherine struggled to get Adrian to eat his food. Eric was looking at his phone. "This is good, honey." "No phones at the dinner table." "Yeah, sorry. I just need to reply..." "God, it's like I'm living with two kids. No phones!" She took away his phone and placed it on the table. Eric looked at little Adrian as he struggled with his bent spoon. "I agree, buddy. Don't let her hear you call her that though." "The two of you are plotting against me?" Adrian giggled as she came back to his side. "It's amazing isn't it." Eric looked at his son, lovingly. "One month ago, he barely talked. And now! Almost perfect English." Catherine's hand hung in mid air, full of soup. "Cathy? Catherine?" "What did you just say?" "Nothing. What happened? It was as if you almost you froze in mid air." "Did you say Adrian was speaking perfect English?" "Well he is, isn't he?" Adrian made some sounds as if in response. "What did he just say?" "What?" "ERIC. What did he just say?" "He said he's full." She looked at her husband and then back to her son sitting in his high chair. "Say it again, Adrian." Eric got up and put a hand on her shoulder. "Honey. I think you should go rest." Catherine handed the spoon to her husband and went to bed without any protest. Eric picked his phone back up and dialed. "Yeah, we're getting there. All the quarantine stress and all of this. She'll go crazy soon enough. And when she does, no one will question when we take the next step. Just be patient. We'll be together soon enough." He listened for a while as the voice on the other end asked a question. "Yes. We will do it again. We'll be ordering Mexican on Tuesday. I will edit the number on her phone. Time to make Adrian a well spoken Spanish kid." 