
The police detective stared at me. He was clearly disconcerted by the apparent facts, but struggling to understand them in the context of his duty, as he perceived it. "The police department has had no complaints against you; we are not aware that you have defrauded the grieving, or swindled anyone, and so we have been content to ignore your preposterous claims. But I can't ignore that when after you claimed to commune with the late Ethel Williams, you gave her family the correct license plate of the car that ran her down in the crosswalk, solving a hit-and-run that had been an open case for many weeks...one on which we made no progress." "I'm always happy to help". He appeared to glance at notes, and continued - "One of our officers who is assigned as a court bailiff reported that you settled a contentious, years long probate estate controversy when you provided the password to the late Samuel Gunderman's bitcoin wallet, the location and combination for his hidden wall safe, and detailed information about several missing heirs" "It's what Mr. Gunderman wanted. He was very clear about each of those details when we spoke." "That's what's so infuriating," he said, starting to lose his composure. "You insist on your absurd explanation for the source of your information. Useful and correct information, freely given, I'll grant you, but what has me here today is my concerns about your absurd claims that..." "No. That's not why you're here in my study this morning." "What the devil do you possibly mean by that?" "Humor me, please, and walk me through the various bits of police business you undertook yesterday." "Yesterday was supposed to be a day off for me. I went to the bank to see about refinancing my car, and I stumbled upon a robbery in progress..." He looked a bit agitated. "Continue; tell me the events as you remember them." "As soon as I was through the door I was only a few feet away from a robber, who instantly turned towards me holding a double barreled shotgun. I remember thinking that at such a close distance it would be impossible for him to miss me if he fired..." His speach slowed, and his face drained. After a pause, he deduced the truth. "So why *am* I here in your study...did he...am I...?" "I'm afraid so." After a decent pause, I picked up the conversation. "Tell me, do you have anything regarding unfinished cases that you would like me to convey to your colleagues?" 