
I walked out of the court room. Cameras swirl around me. Questions get sucked away as a walk forwards. They know to move. Microphones surround me as I step off the sidewalk. Then as I open the door to my car they back off. They know not to scratch the paint. I climb in and microphones threaten to follow. I shut the door quickly, then rev the engines. Instinctively, they part, they know not to get in my way. I race off, 30 miles above the speed limit. I pass 2 cops on the way out but they don't do anything. They know not to pull me over. I pull into my house. Well mansion is more like it. The gardeners have been working since 3 am this morning, but they do not ask for a break, they know not to. My maid opens the door for me. I motion to the bedroom and she rushes off to get ready for me. I know she doesn't want to, but she knows not to disobey. I walk to my recliner and sit down. Immediately 4 servants surround me. They fan and feed me. They do not stop. They know not to. I close my eyes reminiscing to a time much different. One where I did not have this power yet. 20 years ago. The world had just discovered my power, and I had just discovered it's use. My first bribery case. Back then I had to do it in the shadows. The defendant was innocent. The accuser merely wanted to make him suffer. Guess he should have known not to mess with her. I took her bribe. 10,000 dollars. A paltry sum to me now. I still keep those bills in a lockbox in my room. A memory. The girl that gave them to me has long since perished. A mysterious collapse on the subway. In truth I poisoned her. Couldn't let the truth get out. The man, he got 20 years in prison. Now I have all of the world leaders in my pocket. I know their dirty secrets. I am untouchable. A loud bang rings out. Perhaps a clumsy maid dropped something. She'll be punished later. It begins to get cold, I wave away my servants but that doesn't seem to do anything. I feel a liquid spreading on my gown. I open my eyes, I won't tolerate spillage. I look down to see dark red seeping through my outfit. This confuses me. It seems to grow on its own. I look up. Someone stands there holding something in his hand. A gun. What is he going to do? Shoot me? It dawns on me who it is. It's the man. And he did shoot me. I messed with him. Guess I should have known not to. 