
His letters used to bring a lingering smile to my face. Well, until I'd read the one he'd left for me when I'd turned sixteen. I had ripped it open, with a grin and some napkins on my bedside table. I'd been well prepared for the usual joyful tears that trickled down my cheeks after reading them. But, this time, that didn't happen. Instead, I'd ended up trembling, bewildered, and crying tears of pure fear. In that letter, he'd addressed things he couldn't have possibly known, for he had died fourteen years ago, and he'd addressed things that had occurred that year. The suicide of my best friend was one of them. 'Josh misses you, son. He sends you a happy birthday too, and he wants me to tell you he hopes you understood his decision,' the letter had said. That had been enough to create a turmoil of strange emotions inside of me, forcing me to stop reading and clean up my tear-soaked eyes. The letter had mentioned many other small details he couldn't have possibly known, but I didn't care so much about them. The letter for my seventeenth birthday I'd feared to read. I'd let it sit on my bedside table months after my birthday, but I'd failed to leave it unread. In the letter, he had congratulated me for my new girlfriend, Stacy, and had told me to love her and take care of her, for she was a great girl, despite the scars on her wrists and her vile thoughts. I had been forced to ask Stacy about the scars the letter had claimed her to have, and she'd broken into a desperate cry, confessing me she heard voices in her head, that they had done the scars, not her. Later, Stacy had been diagnosed with schizophrenia. Not for a moment I'd doubted to stay by her side. I loved her. --------------------------------------------------------- I sighed and grabbed the last letter he'd written. The envelope was the same of the others, but as I held it in my hands I could feel something terrible written in it. However, I opened it, wincing and pacing around the room in a poor attempt to find the courage to read that first line. I took a deep breath. I would never find the courage I needed, so I simply forced myself to read it. *Dear Robert,* *Happy eighteenth birthday, son! I will make it brief, for there's not much to say that you don't know. I'm overwhelmed with pride and joy watching the man you have grown to be. Despite the adversities, you remained calm and acted better than I would have.* *There's a reason this is the last letter I wrote, and as you read this line I believe you will know the reason. But don't cry, nor fear, it's not so bad around here. Josh and I miss you a lot. It will beautiful to see you again.* *Oh, Stacy is here too! She's smiling, and eager to see you.* My phone rang. It was Stacy's mom. ----------------------------------- /r/therobertfall For more stories! 