
The rumors were true; aliens had descended to Earth's surface. Agent Kim adjusted the holster under his arm as he waited with Agent Steinburg for the general. "This can't possibly be a good thing, can it?" Steinburg asked, pulling on his collar. "Aliens, right? Probably here to annihilate us." "They seemed friendly in their message," Kim said, already knowing what Steinburg's response would be. "Yeah, they seem friendly so we'll let them in and then they'll suck our guts out through our asses." Kim shrugged. "Either death by aliens or death by us destroying our own planet. Maybe they're here to share technology." "Yeah, and maybe turkey bacon is an acceptable substitute for real bacon." Steinburg rolled his eyes. "These aliens can eat my ass." The general exited the conference room, and both agents snapped to attention. "We're going to go meet them on the president's orders. Let's go," he growled. In the van on the way to the provided coordinates, the general briefed them on the exact message they had received from the "supposed aliens." "'Congratulations, you saw your first black hole. Welcome to kindergarten.' Don't ask me what the fuck that means because I have no idea. We are to treat them as hostiles. We have missiles trained on this location; luckily for us they picked a shack in the middle of nowhere. Don't let your guard down, no matter what they say. Make sure your body cams stay on." "Yes, sir." The van pulled up to the rundown house. Two strange beings stood in the doorway. At first, Kim thought they were human, the resemblance was so strong. As their group approached the shack, however, it became apparent that these were not humans. Their arms were too long, their eyes were large and too far apart. Smiles that curled a bit too much for comfort made Kim feel decidedly uneasy. "General Ramaraj, we are happy to see you. On approach to your planet, we learned the language and made our physical forms as similar and non-threatening to you as we could." "Yeah, because deformed humans are much better than little green aliens," Steinburg muttered. Kim stepped away from his comrade, trying to keep up professional appearances. "Pleased to meet you. What do you want with Earth?" the general asked bluntly. "We've been keeping an eye on you for thousands of years," one of the aliens said. "Waiting for your technology and culture to advance enough to contact you. Your planet is poised on the edge of self-destruction, but you know have the mental and technological capacity to learn from us." "Learn what kind of things?" "We can teach you to revitalize your planet. We can revolutionize your transportation, your fuel, your government. Together, we will be allies, and we will save the human race. Now that you have seen your first black hole, your understanding of the universe is advanced enough for us to teach you. Your mental capacities are so advanced already, you can achieve the impossible with our help!" "I've seen your mom's black hole," Steinburg snickered, a little too loudly. The room froze, the humans turning to glare at him. The aliens stared at each other for a long moment, clearly communicating without words. "My apologies, general," one of them finally said. "It seems that we have come too soon. You are not as advanced as we previously thought." "Wait, let's talk about this-" "Don't worry. We will return in 500 years to check again, if your planet can still support life by then. We apologize for the inconvenience." "Wait!" The aliens vanished, leaving the general pleading with empty air and Steinburg regretting the most poorly timed yo mamma joke in the history of the universe. 