
God scooted to the edge of his seat, "Gabriel," he shouted, "It's about to begin!" An angel with large wings entered the viewing room with a mild jog, popcorn bounced from the bowl he carried, "Sweet, I've been waiting to see what Plato-- Oh, it's just Tim." "Yeah," nodded God with a smile, "I love watching the guy, it's all so unexpected, y'know?" He made some room on the cloudy couch, small white clouds puffed out when Gabriel sat down. "Oh, I like Plato's show best, crazy what 10 wisdom can do," said Gabriel, eating fistfulls of popcorn. God rolled his eyes and dug his large hand into popcorn bowl, taking out half of the content, "That guy's so boring to watch. He just sits in his garden." Gabriel shrugged, "Well, yeah, but you have to admit that he--" "Shh, ssh, it's starting." interrupted God. The clouds in front of them dispersed, a direct view of the surface appeared, the god view. Tim lumbered into the warehouse, he squinted in an effort to improve his poor eyesight, "This isn't McDonalds." He decided to turn around, tripped over his own feet and slammed into the ground. A raspy voice laughed, "Are you dumb or just blind?" it asked. A couple of rough looking fellows closed in, one of them cackled, "Or both?" said a short man with a wide grin. "Hold on," said Gabriel, "Who's that guy?" God turned to him, "What? That's Franky. You know? The kingpin's henchman?" Gabriel's eyes glazed over, "I thought that was the other guy, he looks like the other guy. They all look alike." "That's because they're twins." The angel nodded thoughtfully, "Ok, ok. So, who's that guy again?" God rolled his eyes, "Jesus!" "What's up, dad?" a voice asked from another room. "Not you!" God shouted. He turned to Gabriel and sighed, "Gabriel, just watch, Ok?" The thugs took Tim by the arms, dragged him into a dark room and tossed him onto a wooden chair. A voice spoke from the darkness, "You one of Lady Hennessy's little birds?" it asked. The light switched on abruptly, Tim shielded his eyes with his hand. On the other side of the room sat a man in a striped suit, his right leg raised on a stool, and he was puffing on a cigar, "Are you?" Tim squinted, trying to make sense of the blurry shape, "I'm Tim Jones, Sir. I don't know any Lady Hennessy." The kingpin gritted his teeth, then smiled, "If that's how you wanna play it," he said, pulling out a gun, "Then I'll introduce you to my little friend." "I think that's discrimination." replied Tim. "What?" Tim squinted and gestured at the person beside the mobster, "Yeah, I think you gotta call them *'vertically challenged'*, or something." The kingpin stared at the stool beside him, "This is a stool." he informed Tim. Tim squinted again, "Is it?" The kingpin gestured wildly at the stool, "It clearly is!" he shouted, "Are you blind?" "No, I'm Tim." "What?" Tim spoke up, "I'm Tim, Sir." The kingpin rubbed the bridge of his nose between 2 fingers, "This guy doesn't have two brain cells to rub together." He sighed and waved a dismissive hand, "Just drop him off at a McDonalds or something." Tim smiled, "That'd be great, Sir." Everything worked out. God chuckled, "I can't get enough of this show." He pulled out a large TV-guide, "What else is on?" "I think *'The Art Hour'* is next." answered Gabriel. The father of creation sighed, "I don't really like that show." He was silent for a moment, then a huge grin appeared on his face, "Gabriel, I've got a great idea." Gabriel was busy fishing for leftover pieces of popcorn, "Do whatever." God sighed, some interest would be nice, and snapped his fingers, "Leadership and charisma to 10," he announced, "Come on, Hitler. Let's see what you can do." 