
"Honey. Are you still angry at me?" Vix, Empress of Medium Earth, Lady of Darkness, Queen of the Shadows let out a sigh, looking up from my throne to face her husband Andrew. He looked back at her, guilt and remorse spread across his face. "I'm not angry at you," she muttered reluctantly. "I'm angry at the situation." Andrew nodded in understanding. "I think maybe we should talk about it. If you're not ready yet, we can do it later," he replied. Vix let out another sigh. She really didn't want to have this conversation.Still, communication was the foundation of all good relationships. "It's just," she paused, trying to think of how to articulate what she wanted to tell him. "Let me start by saying this. I know that all of this," she gestured at the skulls that lined the chamber around her, the furniture made from the bones of her enemies, and the two whimpering men shackled in chains in the corner of the room, "is not really your thing. And I really appreciate you being comfortable with it all." "Well, I was never any good at interior design. Sure, it's not my style, but it's definitely got style," he replied, giving her a wink. Vix gave her husband a smile. "You know that's not what I'm talking about. But thank you." Andrew grinned back at her. "No, I know that this isn't perhaps the lifestyle you would normally choose. Not to mention it comes with its own difficulties. We have to travel a lot to check on the Empire, and I have very little free time, not to mention the fact that there is a certain stigma that comes with my job. And I love that you've been trying to get involved!" Andrew nodded. "But it has gone pretty terribly hasn't it?" Vix hesitated. "I wouldn't say terribly," she said gently. "I would," Andrew replied."I mean, there was the incident with 'The Spider'." Vix winced slightly at the memory. Andrew had thought it would be a good idea to get to know her coworkers, and had decided to befriend her favourite assassin. After Andrew had advised him to follow his dreams, The Spider had decided to retire to open up a flower shop. Killing him had been a real shame, and his replacement just wasn't the same. "Not to mention my attempt at being a torturer," he continued. That had been frustrating. Andrew had tried tickling them. As an actual serious attempt. It would have been cute if they hadn't been withholding the knowledge of an approaching army. Not to mention he had fed all the prisoners that they were trying to starve tea and cake. "And my stint as a negotiator didn't exactly succeed," he muttered. True. Andrew had accidentally helped her soldiers set up a union. It had taken her months to stomp that notion out of them. "And ruling one of the cities for you was a catastrophe." Yes, the city of Vil declaring independence after he took over had caused her plenty of headaches. He gave her a resigned look. "Perhaps I'm just not cut out for this. All I ever seem to do is burden you." "Darling, that is not true!" Vix replied. "Isn't it? I don't seem to help you at all!" "Don't be ridiculous! You have been incredibly supportive. Most men and women would try to talk me out of my job. You not only encourage me, but actively try to get involved! You don't complain about the long hours, the travel, or the fact that we can't really make many friends! Even though I feel like I always have to have my game face on, I know I can always come to you when I need a break. I am so lucky to have you. I really wouldn't be able to do this without you!" Vix stood up and moved towards her husband, clasping his hands within her own. "Perhaps we've been going about this the wrong way. What's something that you would like to do? Not to support me and further my goals, but something that brings you joy?" she asked. Andrew shook his head. "No, we need to help with your career. After all it is more important. You worked so hard to get here." "That is not true. We are equals in this relationship. And this conversation has helped me realise there hasn't been much compromise on my part." "Well," Andrew said hesitantly, "remember back at the Inn where we first met? I was about to start learning to be a cook. Before you killed them all of course." "Really?" Vix exclaimed in surprise. "You never told me that!" "Well to be fair, there was a lot going on at the time!" Andrew chuckled. "That's very true. Well how about this? You join the palace kitchens to learn from the cooks there. And then later, when you feel ready for it, we can send you out to the cities that are starting to feel discontent, and you can cook for the poor there, on behalf of the Empress. That seems suitably kind hearted that you might enjoy it?" "That... that sounds perfect!" Andrew exclaimed excitedly. "And, while I'm doing that, I can keep listen and see if anyone is planning on uprising. And maybe even slip some poison into their food!" "Darling, that is positively evil. I love it!" Vix exclaimed. "Well, I am learning from the best," he replied, giving her a wink. "You sly man. You really know how to make a Dark Lord feel special," Vix said with a blush. "You know what, I think I can take the afternoon off. Let me just kill those two in the corner, and we can spend some quality time together." 