
I hovered over my dinner plate, a string of linguini hanging from my lips. My heart thudded. Could she be? No. Impossible. I quietly slurped up the pasta and wipped my mouth with my napkin. "Sorry, what were we talking about? I feel like I missed a beat haha. One moment we were talking about your coworker and then penguins. Sorry, I uh. Have a thing sometimes." "No, it's just theres a six foot penuin next to you and I've noticed it doesn't have any seams. I thought it was your wingman in a costume playing a prank but I'm getting kind of scared because I think it's real." Slowly, I turned to face the penguin that's followed me my whole life. Slowly the penguin turned to face the human he had been following it's whole life. Both stared at each other in shock at the revelation of this woman's statement. "Holy shit!" I half whispered half blurted. "Y-you mean you can see him?-" "Yeah, I mean-" "No one else can see him-" "he's pretty obvious" "I thought I was crazy!" "Definitely not crazy. He's there." I turned to a waiteress who was walking by with a tray of dishes. "Excuse me? " "More water sir?" "Actually I was thinking of getting something for him." I pointed to the penguin but the waitress looked right through him to a guy across the room. "You'd like to purchase that man a drink sir?" Jessica was stunned and so was I. We were the only ones who could see it. "Uh, no actually. I misidentified. Thought he was someone else. Sorry." The waitress smiled and bustled away. "OH, my gawd! Only we can see him? What is he?" "I don't know! But since you can see him I can only guess he's an interdimensional being of some sort." "Wow!! How awesome is that!" I smiled, shaking my head in awe. I took her small delicate hands in mine and looked her in the eye. "Maybe now is a good time to address the elephant in the room" The large pink elephant trumpeted in shock. Jessica turned slowly to the elephant that had followed her, her whole life. The elephant turned slowly to face the human it had followed it's whole life. Both were in shock. Jessica turned back to me and smiled, a genuine smile born from a deep intrinsic experience that you could never share with anyone ever again. We were teenagers all over again, feeling love for the first time. We barely got into the hotel door before we were taking off each other's clothes. My penguin honked in excitement and started waddling around while the elephant trumpeted. "Do you think we're aliens?" Jessica asked in a breathy exhale. "Maybe, maybe we're djini's!" We kissed passionately. "Maybe we're crazy." Jessica said with a devilish smile. "I don't know. Crazy people have great sex." Jessica bit her lip. "Oh. Do they? Hmm, let's see." #HONK The most amazing thing was that being with each other made our respective "imaginary friends" more tangible with time. They began to be able to interact with the environment. One winter, we rode my penguins back as it slid down a snow covered hill. We rode her elephant through the Mart eatting ice cream, some people could actually see the elephant, others rubbed their eyes thinking they were hallucinating. While still others thought it was a magic trick for the tourist. We've learned how to make them bigger and smaller, when we're at home we like to shrink them down to the size of a small house cat. They are so cute then. The other night we focused together and made a giant white dove. A symbol of our love. We were so excited we hopped on it's back and rode through the city for hours. I did some research and I think these are call Tulpas. Beings created from the human mind. And we're getting better at it every day. We're thinking about creating a magical house next, she wants it to be like Hogwarts and I couldn't agree more. I think we are going to have a very interesting life together. Jessica screamed in excitement as the giant dove rose and fell on the drafts in the sky, I held onto her waist as she extended her arms like a plane, the tiny penguin laying flat on it's belly holding on tightly squinting against the wind as the tiny elephant held onto me with it's trunk. I smiled. Yup. A very interesting life. 