
5 days. Its been 5 days since my life got so much easier. It all started last Friday. I wanted to go to the movies but I didn't want to drive. I went and layed down on my bed. I just thought about being in the theatre. I felt my bed move. When I opened my eyes I was laying on the ground in a theatre. I am really glad that is was empty and, that was also the same day I learned they don't clean those theatres very well. The issue was I was still in my underwear...I like to think I look good but there is confidence and basically streaking a 2km walk home in 10 degree celcius weather. So I layed down on the ground again after sitting up. I heavily suggest not doing this unless absolutely necessary. I closed my eyes and willed myself back onto my bed. It worked. After a very long shower and a haircut because I had gum in my hair. Very gross. I started experimenting. I found out that it was easiest if I closed my eyes and could picture where I was going. I found that sometimes it didn't work regardless of how well I thought about it. Then the incident at the college happened. I tried to move myself to the college. I couldnt bring myself to call it teleporting. I still firmly believed their was some kind of science behind all of this. I couldnt get to the college. I also couldnt afford not to go... So for the first time in 2 days I drove myself to school. Funny, I used to think drving was a privilege. I didn't need to bus. Now I didnt even need to leave my house to arrive wherever I wanted. That really twisted my idea of "privilege". Anyway I found when I arrived that some idiot had set the college on fire... Exams are hard? That is what made me notice the trend that I couldnt move myself anywhere that was inherently dangerous. I tested it by trying to move myself onto highways at rush hour...In hindsight is incredibly stupid, now that I think about it but whatever. Today. I tried moving to the living room and couldn't. I am scared. What was waiting for me downstairs? Was it burglury? Did someone find out I was able to move myself places and they were going to "take me out for public safety". All these different ideas bounced through my head. I grabbed my crowbar that I keep in my closet and quietly snu k down the stairs. I was terrifying to see definitely. Being shirtless in my shorts and my Captain Underpants socks that my sister got me as a joke for my birthday (they are very comfortable, don't judge me). When I got down stairs I heard voices in the kitchen. I raised the crowbar in the standard baseball swing, as I came to the base of the stairs. I looked into the living room and saw... Lego. Lego all over the ground...My little cousins were over obviously. I started to laugh. A tear jerking laugh. Then I heard a small crunch and standing in front of me was someone whi wasn't there a second before was a man in a black trenchcoat and black fedora. If that wasnt creepy enough he had a grey complexion and when he opened his eyes they were blood red with black irises. "Hello Douglas. My friends and I would like to talk to you" The laughter died in my throat. I hope that that will be the only thing that dies today... 