
That they couldn't see it made it all the more terrifying. What we'd sent decades ago hadn't been a threat. It'd not been a weapon, contrary to how we customarily dealt with new cultures. We'd sent our history, wrapped into a little capsule and rocketed into outer space. Then, history tearing through the emptiness at breakneck speed, we forgot about it. Life went on. Those who sent it died, and then their children died. Seasons came and went, though some more muted than others. Trees grew and fell, then new ones sprouted from their fallen brethren. "Definitely man-made," the commander of the extraterrestrial task force said. They'd been called out by a farmer who'd described a flashing light and a deafening boom in the middle of the night. The next morning he'd found the extraterrestrial object laying in the remains of his annihilated cow. "English on the outside, probably one of those defense firms. Boeing, maybe." "It's been tampered with. The seal broken. Look how the letters don't line up anymore." The men crowded around to watch. The best and the finest, an encyclopedia of knowledge about the nation's space endeavors. "Probably Joe-farmer." Decades of failure had turned the bright-eyed group into a band of disillusioned cynics. No extraterrestrial life had suddenly appeared. No progress had been made towards colonizing planets other than the dying Earth. "Let's crack her open. See what he took. Charge him with a felony and get out of bum-fuck nowhere." There was a slight hiss as the capsule opened for the second time ever. It wouldn't close again. "Still pressurized. Probably not Joe-farmer then." "It's near empty." "Except for this." There was a note. Written in plain English and scrawled on a piece of paper. "Your unassuming biological weapon was effective, indeed. As the last remaining member of my species, I'm returning the favor." "That's it? This fucking joke of a--" He turned red in the face and collapsed before he'd finished. Blood seeped from his nose, trickled down from his eyes. "What the--" Another man fell, and then the commander fell. "It's invisible." "Or a virus, something like that." The others drew their weapons, prepared to fight whatever alien had appeared in their midst. But they never fired and one by one they fell, succumbing to the weapon that was the last of the extraterrestrial species. And that they couldn't see it made it all the more terrifying. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 