
"It was Zeus!" Melandria insisted, falling back onto the bed and gingerly holding her swollen belly. "I couldn't resist him! He came in the form of..." she looked around the bedroom wildly as I advanced closer, knife in hand. "In the form of an enormous wolf!" Surely it was coincidence that her eyes fell on the vase in the corner depicting a wolf. "A lie!" I called to her. "You've lain with another man!" "No, never! It was Zeus!" "It's true, my liege!" Euredipes, our loyal steward of five years agreed. He stood between us to prevent me from attacking my poor wife; always so willing to sacrifice himself for the safety of our family, and my wife in particular. If he hadn't been here to comfort her in my absence, who *knows* what might have happened? "I witnessed the king of Olympus himself come and transform into a wolf and enter her bedroom! It's the *only* possible explanation!" I glared at her, then at Euredipes, then back at her. The room was silent but for her quiet sobs. "This is a blessing," Euredipes continued. "Imagine: the great god Zeus chose *your* wife of all the women on this earth! What a testament to her great beauty!" "Do you have any proof of this?" I asked them. I did know the stories of Zeus choosing mortal women as his mate, but *my own wife*? Euredipes and Melandria exchanged a look. "I... uh..." Euredipes stammered. "Of course I tried to fight the wolf, my lord! Thinking that it was a threat to our family, come to steal the lamb from our pens. But as soon as I brought my knife to bear against it, it just vanished in a puff of smoke! Only a God could disappear like that without leaving a trace of proof!" "Then what are those scratches from?" I asked, thrusting my knife in the direction of Euredipes's exposed shoulder. There were four scratches that trailed down toward his back, and what looked like it may have been a bruise on his neck. "If not a wolf?" "Of course!" Melandria broke in, rising from the bed to stand with the steward. "Of course. See, the wolf *attacked* Euredipes before vanishing. Clearly Zeus did not want to be caught, knowing that we would pray to Hera with news of his infidelity. And in the fight, poor Euredipes was wounded." She tenderly rubbed his shoulder, with each finger on top of one scratch. "He was just too modest to tell you what really happened, weren't you, Euredipes?" "Errr... yes. That's... yes. I was attacked by the wolf," the steward agreed. "I see." That would indeed explain the cries of Melandria and the grunts of Euredipes that my other servants had reported to me upon my return. I sheathed my knife. "Very well, then. I have no choice but to avenge your honor, dear wife!" I turned and called down the hall to one of the servants. "Fetch me my spear and shield immediately!" "What do you mean to do?" Melandria asked. Euredipes took a step away from me, and his eyes darted toward the door. "I plan to climb to the top of Olympus and confront Zeus myself!" I told her. Euredipes let out a deep breath; his eyes were wide with shock. "And... uhhh... how long do you expect that to take?" he asked. "It could be years," I warned him with a grimace. There was no point in lying; finding the Gods would be a long and difficult road. "Many, many years. But I will never give up!" There was a brief lull while they processed that information. "Why do you ask?" He and Melandria exchanged a look, maybe even the hint of a smile. "No, nothing," he answered. "No reason. Just... you know... Good luck!" ---- [By request, here is Part 2 where he confronts Zeus](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/5h8cc6/melandria_and_the_wolf/dayovwj/). 