
"This. This right here. This is why we need a system." "Don't bring Jyggalag into this, Clavicus, he's enough of a pain in the Oblivion as it is." "Well, why don't we just smash it and split it among ourselves?" "How surprising, Dagon wants to break it." "Bite me, Fido, and give me one less fool to contend with." The Princes of Oblivion were at an impasse. They had yet to come across a mortal who had pledged themselves to all 16 of them. This wasn't just any mortal, either. This was possibly the most foolish of mortals, an amusing prize if ever there were any. He was quite powerful, to boot. Perhaps a bit too noisy, but well worth the soundproofing. "Naturally, his soul belongs to me. Not only am I above you buzzing maggots, he pledged his soul to me twice. First when he took the mace, then again when he partook of the ancient blood. Stand aside or be crushed," grumbled Molag Bal, the Daedric Prince of domination. "Maggots... do not *buzz*..." exhaled Hermaeus Mora, in his usual half-yawn voice. "Don't need a library and half of eternity to tell you that, ol' tentacles." The rot of Namira's breath silenced the Princes for a moment. Hircine, used to such smells, was the first to regain his composure. "Besides, if that's enough to claim his soul, then I have as much claim to it as you! He pledged his soul to me when he partook of my ancient blood and claimed my artifact." "You think he is of your blood? This one is a dragon. The blood of dragons supersedes that of dogs and rapists alike, he is my kin and mine to claim." Peryite's words went unheard or ignored. He was rather used to it. Malacath gave him a slap on the back, followed by some encouragement: "Don't worry. You aren't a real dragon anyways, Pery!" Booming laughter from the Prince of outcasts did little to improve his mood. Rising above the increasingly pitched argument came a flat, nasally voice: "ENOUGH. His hand touched *my* beacon before any of-" Before Meridia could finish with he indignation, Mephala capitalized upon her proficiency in assassination. Wordlessly, the Daedra nodded to eachother, agreeing that what just happened was for the best. Retaking the lead, Molag Bal marched forward and reached to seize the soul by force. His claws, however, were repelled. The dagger-like digits had never failed to anchor in something before. Not anything mortal, at least. The darkness of the forest in which the daedra had chosen to gather was split by blinding sunlight. Molag Bal broke out into a river of profanity. "DAMNIT. DAMNIT. AKATOSH, DAMN YOU. YOU CAN FUCK RIGHT OFF AND..." Ignoring the indignant daedroth, a sleepy-eyed dragon, pure gold in color, descended. After a long yawn, he began to mumble. "Sorry I'm late, everybody," said the Aedric god of time, apparently unaware of the irony. "I'm, uh... here to pick up my son?" Taking a look at the soul, which was honestly closer to a swirling mass of powerful souls than any individual, he corrected himself. "Oh, yeah. I guess I'm here to pick up several of them, in a way. Anywho, thanks for keeping an eye on him, guys." Akatosh plucked the soul from the ground with a single claw and slowly retreated towards the midnight sun. "See you guys at the next Convention! Or the last one. It's, uh, out of my realm of expertise. Anyways..." The golden dragon was gone as abruptly as he had arrived, the night sky returning to its normal, starry self. The Princes looked at one another, and wordlessly retreated to their respective spheres of Oblivion. Meridia's aspect dissolved into light, and Molag Bal alone remained. With a furrowed brow, scowl, and limp tail, he pouted. "Stupid divine." 