
So there I was, driving all of my friends to this cabin that one of them owns... Gavin, I think it was. He said we're all gonna have a fun time catching fish or some shit like that, I don't give a fuck. The only reason they even invited me was because I'm the only one with a goddamned car. My friends are pretty much all assholes. So we arrived at the cabin, right in the middle of fucking nowhere. Everyone else was super excited for some fucking reason, like c'mon, it's just a cabin. If it were up to me, I would have sold the cabin, and bought us rooms in a five-star hotel. Anyways, Gavin tells us all about these plans he has to go fishing. Stacey and Alex keep on being flirty with each other. They've been together for two goddamn months now, and they still act like fucking teenagers. Trevor meanwhile, warned us about some sort of urban legend. I didn't pay attention, something about a chainsaw. I don't believe in that crap. There's a few others here, but I didn't even bother learning their fucking names, they're not important. I tried to browse the net while he was telling us all about Chainsaw Willy or whoever, I'm not gonna remember the fucking name, but there's no goddamn reception. Great trip Gavin, I told my girlfriend I'd call her when I got here, how the fuck am I going to do that now. Anyways, a few hours in we start hearing mysterious noises in the cabin. I suggest we check it out, but Gavin, being the idiot he is, just wants to keep fishing. Whatever, it's your fucking cabin Gavin. I don't know why you're so goddamned obsessed with fishing anyways. After a little while longer of me resisting the temptation to drown myself in the lake, Gavin gets tired of fishing, and we head back to the cabin, only to find a whole bunch of bloodstains on the walls. Like, it's goddamned everywhere. I mean, the decor of this cabin was ugly before, but now it's fucking awful. I hope Gavin cleans it up, at least then I won't have to hear him talk about fucking fish again. After some investigation, it turns out that it was Trevor's blood. He looks like he was gutted open with a chainsaw. I never liked the fucker anyways. I'm pretty sure he's been sleeping with my girlfriend. Naturally, everyone else is freaking out, as if they never saw a horror movie in their lives. Like an idiot, Gavin suggests we split up and search for the killer. Great fucking plan Gavin. Whatever, I head outside for a smoke. As I stand outside, smoking, I eventually hear screams coming from inside. Probably Stacey and Alex next. Good riddance. They probably ruined the seats of my car with all their friskiness. Eventually Gavin manages to find me, he's got fucking tears in his eyes. He tells me all about how Stacey and Alex were brutally torn apart in the shower. Why the fuck were they even in the shower anyways? There's a psycho killer in the cabin and their only concern was getting frisky with each other. Good lord my friends are idiots as well as assholes. Eventually Gavin pleads with me to find a hiding spot with him, I try to tell him to piss off, but he just keeps on nagging me about it until I give in. So we hide in the fucking closet together. I try to make a joke about Gavin coming out of the closet, but he doesn't find it funny, like what the fuck Gavin, stop being such a stuck-up douche. Eventually, the closet door is flung open, and who the fuck opened it, but fucking chainsaw Jimmy. Gavin screams like a little bitch as Chainsaw Minnie revs up his chainsaw while laughing like a fucking lunatic. Meanwhile I pull out my fucking gun and shoot the little bitch right in the face. As if I'm going to a cabin in the middle of fucking nowhere without my gun. Chainsaw Ridley drops his fucking chainsaw and collapses to the ground. Anyways, at this point Gavin is fucking ecstatic. He's calling me his hero and thanking me and shit. Fuck off Gavin, I don't give a fuck what you think about me. Anyways, I kick off Chainsaw Gimmy's mask, only to see my fucking girlfriends face under it. What the fuck Emily? I know you were two timing me with Trevor, but goddamn, that's no fucking reason to chainsaw massacre him and all his friends. So since Emily killed everyone with a fucking chainsaw except me and Gavin I guess that killed the mood of the trip or whatever so Gavin insists we leave. This is the first fucking thing Gavin's said all this trip that makes any goddamned sense so I wholeheartedly agree. As we drive away from the cabin, I take out my GPS and start looking for nearby five star hotels. I saved the fuckers life, the least he can do is pay for an actually decent vacation. Edit: thanks for the gold 