
I was alone again, just like the last twenty five Valentine's Days. I'd stuck a card in Julie's mailbox that morning. It was my annual February ritual. I didn't sign it - I never did. Chicks dig mystery, right? Of course, as I was creeping back down her driveway, trying not to make a noise on the gravel, I noticed the second car parked outside her house. It was a large Chevy truck with bumper stickers for the NRA, and the local college football team (five years ago, when they'd won the conference). Well, you couldn't fault her for sticking to her type. I wondered how long it would be before she was back on my couch, sobbing, and complaining about men and their dastardly ways. She never stayed over though - she was always complaining about unusual draughts and something breathing down her neck. And she somehow managed to break a lot of glasses. After work, I took the last bottle from the six-pack in the fridge and slumped upstairs to bed, kicking my shoes into the corner. One bounced off the closet, and that's when I noticed the letter. The envelope was pink, one of only two things on that colour in my room (the other was a salmon polo, bought three years ago in attempt to impress you-know-who), so you could say it stood out. I opened the letter and the beer, not in that order. For the beer, I used the bottle opened that I kept on my bedside table. For the letter... well, you don't want me to bore you with all these details. > Dear James > Happy Valentine's Day > Love, > ? There was a puppy on the front of the card. Julie hated dogs. Was she trying to tell me something? More importantly, why had she broken into my house, and left a card in front of my bedroom closet? I flopped back on the bed, and took a swig of beer to digest these weight questions. There was a thump from my closet. Probably clothes falling off a hanger - my shoe had hit the door pretty hard. There was another thump. "Hello?" I said. Silence. I sidled over to the closet and flung the door open. It was just a normal closet. Clothes neatly folded, shirts ironed, shoes lined up- wait! It hadn't been that tidy when I got dressed that morning. The hanging clothes rustled. "Julie?" I said. "This isn't funny." A little paper aeroplane shot out from behind the hanging clothes and hit my forehead. On it were the words "Not Julie." I scrambled behind me for the old baseball bat that was propped in the corner, not taking my eyes from the closet. "I'm leaving now," I said, edging towards the door. Clothes went flying from the closet, and then the bedroom door was slammed shut. A hanger whistled past my ear for good measure. "Who are you?" I whispered. Another note shot from the closet. > I am your every nightmare. > I am your darkest fear. > I am terror incarnate. There was a gap, and then a final line: > Be my Valentine? The closet rattled ominously. I looked down at the beer in my hand, and then at the five empty beer bottles which were precariously perched on top of yesterday's empty pizza box. "You and me, Luigi's at 7?" I asked tentatively. A final note emerged. > 6:30. I'm Ravenous. **[Continued, by popular request](https://www.reddit.com/r/jd_rallage/comments/64v7xw/be_my_valentine/dg61btj/)** Also edited to correct for my atrocious knowledge of college sports --- *You can read about more monsters (some in closets) at* /r/jd_rallage 