
We do not fear many things; the hive has conquered many and learned much. When we rebelled against the Midnight Host centuries ago, we grew stronger with every battle; every enemy conquered added their strengths to us. We broke the Gilded Claws, despite their stubborn defiance. We found the Hidden Eyes, their vigilance not enough. We defeated the Mourning Suns, our cunning the greater. We have conquered all our brothers and sisters, their queens lay across our halls as trophies. We proved ourselves to be harder, better, faster, and stronger. We are more than any of them combined in their prime. Yet, we have found a swarm that out paces us. This devouring horde may be smaller and weaker; their tenacity is like nothing we have seen before. When we stumbled across them, they seemed easy prey. We cornered them back towards their water and iron coated twin planets. Every battle was in our favor at first, they would take down two of our ships at a cost of one of theirs. But then they started taking three, then four, then five. We had to place more resources to replenish our fleets. We could not let some miserable squabble defy us. But they started pushing back us back to the rim, their fury hotter, and their viciousness greater. They took our fallen, our weapons, our engines, and they changed them. The Devourers amassed a grand fleet, though still smaller than our fleets. We expected them to destroy our remaining ships in the system. We planted fleets out of reach to move in and entrap them. Instead their fleet vanished. We did not know what they were planning, but we took the chance to rush our forces towards their home to cripple them. Their defenders proved themselves tenacious fighters, but their numbers were lower than we thought. During the siege, their grand fleet appeared above our homes. They slipped though galaxies and stars under our grasp into our heart. They killed many of our queens, crushed our halls, and set a nuclear flame across our homes. They lost much of their ships due to their brazen attack, but escaped with half their numbers. We lost contact with our fleet in their system. Their grand fleet trapped ours between their defenders. We have placed outposts near that accursed system. We have awoken a swarm, and it is coming. They know where we are. They know us better than we do. It is not matter of conquering them; it is a matter if it is us or them that shall devour the other. Our Golden Age is gone, it is twilight and the nightmare shall come. We fear it will not be us that awakes from this coming night. 