
Find below the last words of Brian Grayson. Who was the richest window cleaner ever grace the halls of PharmaCorp. Every day I stared at the numbers on the screen which detailed how little money, and therefore time I had left. Like most people since The Disease (or TD as it is now commonly called) I worked for PharmaCorp. Pharmaceutical companies had been powerful even before TD hit, but now that life literally dependent on their products they had become central pillars of our new modern society. Students go to school so they could learn skills that would be useful to PharmaCorp. Even now before having children couples have to petition PharamaCorp HR to do a financial check on whether or not they can afford the medication that would see their child through to adulthood. The cycle starts again when that child can finally start working for PharmaCorp themselves to earn their own medication money. My parents managed to save enough money for me, but I've never been able earn enough to raise a family of my own. In our modern world the only people who get to experience freedom are those related to the PharmaCorp Board of Directors. Who else could afford to? Having a monopoly on the drug which keeps humanity alive means that you can charge whatever you wish for it this means that most of your income is now being spent on simply keeping you alive. But I finally discovered a way to break the system. What was the point of living a life where I was only making just enough to exist? I was going to sell my family house and live like an executive for as long as I could. I knew it was a death sentence, but for the first time in my life, I finally felt free. I quit my job and purchased a small boat, claiming to be the cousin of PharmaCorp's CFO meant that no one was surprised that I had enough money for the small vessel. I stocked it with enough rich food, alcohol to last me... well till the end of my days. TD was meant to kill me 3 days ago now. I've have no idea how to drive a boat back to land in order to get more supplies and I'm down to half a bottle of champagne and three cheese crackers. To whoever finds this note, I did NOT die of TD. TD is a lie. PharmaCorp is a Lie. Live your life for you! I might have only had a week but I've lived more in that last 7 days than in the previous 28. Brian Grayson 