
*everything is so green* Jason remembers that being his first thought when he arrived. In 3518, the amount of people in America alone demanded so much more energy that the government had been forced to forego green alternatives to fossil fuels. Trees had ran scarce, and the planet was dying. He was humanity's last hope. Or so they had thought. In an underground laboratory ran by the officials of the Federation, it was revealed to Sergeant First Class Jason Freeman that the scientists had uncovered the means by which to send live animals back in time. They had a few mishaps, ending in a bloody goo that the janitors weren't exactly happy about, but they mastered the measurements and were sure that they could effectively send a man back in time. They chose him because of his background, having worked in Biochemical engineering and environmental studies. They put Jason inside of the large, cold capsule that reminded him of an MRI. That or a coffin. He couldn't decide. The last thing he remembered was how loud the machine was, before he woke up in 2010. He woke up in a nature reserve park, a concept that had been long since forgotten. He tried to ask a few strangers for directions, but given that the machine had conveniently removed all of his clothing, he had little success. He found some clothes in a dumpster behind an apartment complex right outside of the park, and went about his way. It took a year before he had finally thought of the solution to preventing the dystopia he had escaped from. By making the assertion that vaccinations cause autism in an online forum, and fabricating a few medical studies, he successfully convinced some of the lesser bright people of the US that vaccines were to be avoided altogether. The one thing that he hadn't anticipated, was that it would take hold so quickly... The year now is 2018, Three years after the outbreak. With the vast amount of anti-vaxxers came an influx of the influenza virus. The flu mutated, and it became something akin to the plague. This disease had become immune to vaccinations as well as antibiotics, because of the vast population of the virus. Billions of people succumbed to it. The only remaining settlements in the US are in Norfolk, Virginia and a small settlement outside of Topeka, Kansas, where Jason and 40 other survivors reside. The people are becoming anxious, and supplies have run thin. "We only have enough food for three more days Jason," said Kira, one of Jason's proteges. "Kira we can't afford to send another team into the town; it's too dangerous," said Jason. "Well then let me go. I'll take Ben, Shane, and Izzy with me. We'll be fine." "You know I can't break protocol." "If we don't then they all starve to death. Is that what you want?" Jason thought about it for about 30 second, which to him was an eternity. "Fine. But I'm coming with you." They left the fortress the next morning at dawn, while the guards were doing a shift change. They stocked up on ammunition and medical supplies, just to be safe. They exited out of the front gate and into the deserted town of Topeka. The Sanctuary is only a 30 minute walk away from the city, however it takes two hours of careful watching and tactical movement to enter town. The threat of attack from competing groups of survivors ensures that. The group arrives at a local Dollar General, where they grab as much canned food and bottled water as their ruck sacks can carry. On the way out, Jason hears a noise. "What was that," he asks. "What was what?" Asks Ben. "It sounded like glass shattering," explains Jason. He squints off into the distance, and his eyes slowly begin to get wider. He frantically slaps at the other members as he turns and takes off. "RUN!!" Out of a store a couple blocks down, a group of twenty armed men break out in a full sprint towards the group. Jason hears the crack and whiz of rifle rounds burying themselves into buildings and telephone poles around him and the others. Jason feels a sting. It doesn't hurt so much, but the pavement does as his knee collapsed. "Run to the others," he shouts at his team, "I'll hold them off!" His team leaves him where he lies and sprints back toward the camp. He rolls over and unloads the magazine to his M4 into the crowd behind him. He shoots thirteen of them, but it isn't enough. In his adrenaline fueled rage, he hadn't realized that he had been shot three more times. His last moments are a flashback to what he's accomplished in his life. Everything moves so slow, as if time had slowed down tenfold. And with his dying thoughts, he comes to realize that humanity's last hope had failed, and this future was no different from the one he left behind. 