
The cave was hidden, far past the roads of the expansive country. The trees and greens shivered in the blowing wind. The wind was in the cave, coming from behind. It echoed monstrous things, like a veil covering the empty dark. The line on the ground entered and disappeared there. He was old now. He had been old for many years, but he only felt so now. Time was catching up. Each breath made him away of his heaving chest, of his frail bones. His mind dimmed as though from sleep. *One day it will sleep for good.* He entered the cave. The voices screamed at his passing. *"Get out!"* *"Go!"* But he had heard such warnings before. The journey had been years in the doing. Through the fields of Mexico where the grass was short and prickly, to the hardpan country of Middle America. Through the waters of the Atlantic and to the islands of brown and green where the Caribbean lingered. The red line meandered. He wondered if there would be an end. *Yes. This is it. There have been warnings on the way, but this is it.* Much suffering had occured in his travels. He was left unscathed. But the world was converging on him. He pulled it, as though his clothes were stuck to it. Now he felt naked but it still followed. The wind carried him and he could smell the scents of all life. Everything depended on him. Following the red line had caused bad things. The green line which led him to prosperity had been free. Then he had felt detached from the world, sundered and in paradise. Now as he neared the end, he became more and more connected. Each mile brought some misfortune. An earthquake, a hurricane, freak accidents, disease and loss. *I am selfish to continue.* Yet he was compelled. The cave was dark and brown. He heard flowing water amid the echoes. The ground sloped downwards. The line was like afternoon's light, hazy like sand. But he knew it would never go. It got hotter as he followed. It was black save for his light. There were bats sleeping, but he was past them now. Sweat caked his face. He felt life seeping away which each breath. *I am almost there.* He wondered what he would see. On the hill he had been disappointed. He thought the green line a joke, but then a harmony had come inside him, and peace had overtaken his world. On the hill everything had been clear and sound. He had built a house there and found a wife. *That was so long ago.* When she died he had grieved long and hard. He still grieved. But he did not fault that line. His sorrow had been pure, healthy and human. He missed her, but the memories would never go. *I love you,* he said. He talked to her often. He had asked her permission to follow the red line. She never responded but he knew she would understand. *I wonder what this line will lead to.* He knew it would be some misfortune. The world was crying. He was selfish for continuing. But he could not stop. *I will be dead soon.* And then he would be with her again. He almost welcomed the misfortune. The cave led to an opening. There was a pink light here. It was faded, like light upon an afternoon drizzle. The air was humid and a waterfall fell from the ceiling. The red line ended at the dell the water collected in. *It is here then. I wonder what mischief this is.* Like the hill it was not impressive. Somewhere far away, he felt a great sadness. As the world pulled with him, all the people's emotions echoed in his head. *I am sorry,* he thought. He walked to the waterfall. The natural basin reflected a clear cool water. The line ended inside, distorting in the water. *Drink.* He knew that would be the end. He thought of his wife. *It is poisoned. I might die slowly and painfully.* He was afraid of the pain, but not of death. *After the green line, I am not afraid anymore.* He believed it for the while. He cupped his hands and took some of the water. The voices of the place cried and begged him not to. *The last line gave me a long life and happiness. This should end me sadly.* Then he thought her name. *Elizabeth. I will see you soon Liza.* He drunk the water and it refreshed him. Like the green line, the red line evaporated, as though it was never there. He blinked and his age was upon him. Death neared ever closer and he was glad. Then that sleepiness that haunted the minds of the old grew greater. He could hardly think. *Liza...* He blinked. He looked around and a dread came over him. He could not remember what he was thinking about. Who he was thinking about. *I...* He knew she was important, but he could not place the name. Then he could not see the face in her mind. An emptiness filled him. All love left and he was hollow and old and alone. The cave was silent. He was afraid and was crying. He did not know why he was sad, but the sadness was profound and he sat at the rim of the dell. He put his face in his hands and the water was warm and burned him. *I...* He felt alone and helpless. Panic took him, but there was no one there. 