
The gates of Hell stood before him, shining in beautiful splendor. The pearly-gated entrance to everlasting torture was much cleaner and nicer looking than he thought it would be. The recently deceased, fully expecting fire and brimstone and demons and pitchforks, was greeted instead with fat little babies. They had dove-like wings and their hair was pure, golden locks. "Wait a minute," David thought to himself, "something isn't right here." One of the chubby cherubs dive bombed directly at his head, but pulled up at the last moment. David thought he heard a loud giggle that he assumed was a poor attempt at a devilish cackle. "Welcome to the pits of Hades!" The adorable bundle of joy made another noise. "teeheehee! This is your torment for the rest of eternity! Cower in front of our terror!" Two more bouncing babies joined in with the first. They were all swarming in circles around David's head. They wore rubber masks of classic monster movies: there was a werewolf, a mummy, and a Frankenstein's monster. The cloths tied around their hips gave the impression they were all wearing diapers. Finally, the former human said, "No ... No, this isn't right. Hell doesn't have shiny gates on fluffy clouds! Nor is it populated by sweet children in Halloween masks! What's going on here?" David wanted to feel the anger he pretended to have, but the three cherubs were so cute he had to hold back a smile. David had the thought that it was like your toddler that got into a sack of flour, who ended up spilling it all over themselves and the rest of the kitchen. You know you should be mad, you want to be mad, but it's impossible when your child is standing in front of you looking like a fresh snow. He didn't know why he thought of that. He didn't have any children. "Right. That's it. This isn't Hell." The cherubs flew at his face again, only this time David didn't duck - he didn't move at all. The nearly-evil, diapered children lifted themselves back up into the clear, blue sky. One of them, the obvious leader, shouted, "No! This is Heck! We are evil and you will suffer and feel fear!" David heard another one whisper to the leader, "Yael! You can't say that here! He will hear you and you'll get in trouble!" Then Yael lifted his rubber mask just above his mouth and whispered back, "Shh! I know! But everyone deserves their own version of Heaven. God will forgive me, I know it!" "You're so right! I love you!" "Aw, I love you, too!" The third one chimed in, "Hey you guys! I love both of you!" Then the other two replied, in unison, "We love you, too!" The three, smush-faced, constantly happy, winged babies then all burst into laughter. They twirled around in the sky and held hands, seemingly forgetting all about David, who stood staring at the bizarre theater of it all. When the laughing stopped, Yael pulled his mask back down and went back to his duty. "You must abandon all happiness, ye who come in here!" "Yael, that's not the right words!" This time there was no hint of secrecy as one of the backup cherubs corrected their leader. "You're so silly and bad at this!" Then the riotous giggling came again in full force. David closed his mouth and thought for a moment. "Maybe I am in Hell." 