
How. How. *How!?* This was the question that surged through the world when the wall at last came down, the world smugly prepared to receive a humbled USA, a world triumphantly rebuilt in their absence. Only to find that America had thrived even further. "Well," said the suave young Texan whose visage now graced our screens, "we sent up satellites." Satellites? *Satellites?* "In direct contravention of the treaty!? How! No rocket launches were detected." He put up his arms in a sort of amicable way. "The treaty you all broke the day after it came into effect? We are talking about the Treaty of Berlin, 2045, correct?" The world was silent to that true accusation. "We still had spies you know. You have to know that, right? I'm trying to maintain professionalism, but you all had to know that, surely?" He seemed to be struggling to maintain his composure, forcing himself to straighten his tie before breaking out into a grin, then straightening his tie again and putting on a brief poker face before breaking into a grin again. "When global opinion turned against us we were forced to sign that humiliating treaty that every single one of you broke but we haven't just been *sitting here* doing *nothing* waiting for the whole world to break down our walls." He shook his head and an image showed on the screen of a colossal railway that lifted towards the sky, festooned in garish American colors. "With no trade we were 'forced' to use uranium power. 'Forced' to mine the asteroids for rare earth metals and other materials - without using rockets. So we used our big new EM gun." The image switched to a video, of massive drones being shot off the railway into space, then of those same drones burrowing into great, hurtling rocks in space, maneuvering with tiny jets of air. "Necessity is the mother of invention and all that. We had a lot of necessity. You had little to none. You put us on the backfoot while your Russians did your engineering and your Chinese did your industry and your Africans gave your resources." He shrugged. "Oh and we stole just...just everything. You guys did definitely make some pretty cool things. Fusion power, absolutely, kudos. You all shared it pretty freely too. That was nice. Really the morally right thing to do. We stole the shit out of fusion power." There were harrumphs of distaste at that. American coarseness. "But really all we didn't do was share. Didn't share a darn thing. Course we can share now. Gonna have to...*renegotiate* some things, but we can share now." He grinned in a predatory sort of way. "Ohhh yes. We can share all kinds of things. For a price." The outrage was immediate. They'd stolen our secrets but would only sell their own!? The image switched again. This time to show a large artillery shell being loaded onto the tracks of the "EM gun." "Course if that don't interest you none, there are some things we can share for free." 