
"And the story continues with reporter Chad Chadley who is on the scene." "The suspect, who is being touted as the 'Ordinary Person Killer', has been on a spree worthy of the history books, taking the souls of at least 15 victims so far along with their memories, intelligence and talents. Although police are asking the public to refrain from approaching the killer, they have said not to worry about divulging identification as the suspect is currently housing the unfortunate talent of forgetting names within three seconds of learning them." "Disturbing stuff, Chad. Do the police have an idea of how he is managing to kill in locations which are quite some distance from each other?" "Well, the theories are vast but the prevailing idea is that he has murdered someone who was gifted with the ability of falling asleep regardless of position or environment. One suspect reportedly identified the killer sleeping perfectly aboard a cramped airplane stating, 'he looked beyond comfortable. It was infuriating.'." "There have been questions of the police regarding this case given how many times the suspect has been spotted in public. Have they commented on this?" "They have, Tom. Chief Officer Kelly released a statement this morning saying: 'It's weird as shit. He does this thing where he moves his eyebrows up and down super fast then runs around a wall, disappearing as soon as we give chase. We are unsure who he absorbed this power from but we are currently investigating anyone who starred in a 1920s silent comedy.'" "Is the kill rate expected to rise?" "Yes, Tom. Police believe the only reason the body count isn't higher is due to the suspect also absorbing lesser ordinary person traits such as the psyche of one of his most recent victims, Steph Patterson. Steph was a Californian who would over analyse even the most insubstantial situations, especially if Steph had been out drinking the night before and found herself lying in bed the morning after filled with irrational regret and self-hatred." "Sometimes I think about removing my consciousness and placing it inside another vessel after a bout of drunken regret, Chad. A vessel none of the people I know can recognise. But that's not possible. At least not with today's technology." "Indeed, Tom. And in another stroke of luck, it is also believed the killer now carries the bewildering talent of always being 5 minutes late for stuff just like that one person you know and hate." "Fascinating stuff, Chad. Anything else to add?" "Well, the suspect has also acquired some other disturbingly powerful ordinary guy talents which the police are wary of such as awkwardly stretching to put HDMI cables in to the back of televisions without becoming angry, the ability to identify the glasses cupboard first time while at a friends house, and there are some unconfirmed reports that he has been able to attract multiple victims by cupping his hands and doing that sweet owl noise thing." "May God have mercy on our souls." **** I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement. 