
"From this cup you shall find the reprieve that you seek. They will come for us. The final fight of man as the world is torn asunder. Have no doubts. They will come." He stared at the flask. Its faint gleam looked oily. He could smell the poison. *Drink. Drink now.* He did not believe in God. He did not believe in a life after death. If he believed in anything, any God as some would put it, it was Harad. The great Harad of legend. Some would call its black shadow an incomprehensible form a God, but not him. Harad was this world and all worlds. Harad was knowledge wrapped in a cloth of nightmare. *I should drink.* But he wanted to see him. So long had he waited. The scars from all his tribulations pulsed. His body coursed with the growing shadow. A storm was coming. Everyone had stopped. He heard the far off thunder and the Earth shook. Men and women alike were screaming. The others had drunk their drink already. The Father had told them to drink as soon as the shadow began to creep. Their last sermon had been an instructional demonstration. "Drink into the bliss of darkness. Die beneath his shadow." But his hand faltered. The flask darkened from sweat. *I have to see.* With Harad's coming there would be great knowledge. Though he would eat the world, he would illuminate as well. The maddening secrets of existence he would reveal. "Things that would melt your mind!" the Father had said. Father was dead. He saw the smoke billow like heavy clouds. The first limbs were black bars crashing down to Earth. Buildings fell to Harad's might. He thought it was a tentacle at first, the long appendages of black that strangled the world. But it was not. A great foot smashed the city. The sun glinted off a thin leg that had a fat and round knee. The joints of the being popped like thunder. Above, Harad's genetalia dangled, swirling and creating a wind like a tornado. People were screaming. People were dying. *Drink. Drink now!* Then there was quiet. A great face with large bugged eyes stared down and grinned. A long beard of black swayed. It looked like an old man, Harad did. Then he spoke. His voice was booming, but seemed to come from inside each person's head. "I am Harold!" he said. "The Great Destroyer of worlds!" Panic ensued. With a twinkle of his old eyes, eyes which seemed to be gaping black holes, caked with crusty cold, everyone calmed. "You must let me finish!" he boomed. "I am the Great Destroyer! I will destroy your minds!" He stretched his arms in an exploding motion, hitting two buildings. "Many things I know. Many secrets of this universe I hold. I will illuminate you and drive you mad! Wololololo!" He twinkled his fingers at the last part, as if sprinkling salt. *Harad,* he thought. But Harad could read minds. "Harold," he corrected. "Harold my friend." Then he looked up and saw all the living beings of Earth, and he spoke to them the truths which he held. "Pie," he said. "But not the kind you eat! Pie times arr, but not the Pirates of the west's arr, squared, but not the kind in the courtyard, is the area of a circle! Wolololo!" And he sprinkled some more. There was silence. Harold looked pleased with himself. "And there's more! There's much more! Do you know that the... now say it with me... the Mito-Con-Dree-Ah, is the powerhouse of the cell? But not the kind of cell that you sleep in! No! Invisible ones! Oooohoohooohoo-hoo." Now people were baffled. Harold was a bit confused. "Well this one will blow your fricken minds," he said. "Do you know Pluto, but not the dog, is no longer a planet! Wooohooohooo-hoo." When there was no reaction he muttered: "Aren't you even surprised that I know who Pluto is? I am an ancient being and yet I know of..." he sprinkled his hands, "Disney!" "Fucking capitalism. Everywhere is fucking Disney. I bet they'll extend the copyright too when Mickey's 'bout to expire," someone in the crowd said. Others started to agree. "Yeah! Nothing's in the public domain anymore. Can't even write a fanfic legally no more." Harold stared with disappointment. "What is..." But the crowd was taken up in their discussion of corporate greed and the evils of a monopoly. He stared at Harold and thought of the Father. He lay dead near the rubble of Harold's entrance. A peaceful smile was upon his face. *If you only knew,* he thought. He looked at his flask and then at the large naked man. Harold was crying. He closed his eyes and drank deeply. *This is too much shit,* he thought. 