
The boy sat at the edge of the bed, kicking his feet as he watched me come in. I'm not what people expect from an exorcist. They expect a pair of preists. I'm one guy, and I'm certainly not holy. I believe there's a God, I just don't sweat the details. I'm more concerned with the other side of that coin. And hence, here I am. I got a call, sat with the parents...even I knew they were hiding something. Everything sounded too rehearsed. My clients are usually very shaken, so much so they can't seem to keep a thing from me. These two...responded slowly and carefully, looking to each other for permission to speak. Regardless, I decided it was best to meet with the child. Alone. Kids are easier to get the truth from that way; parents can coach with just a look. There was a chill in the room. Everything was as it should be. Slightly messy bed, favourite toys sitting out, a video game system, controllers on the floor. And him. He'd been talking to himself before I opened the door, but stopped right away. He was far too old for any entity to pull the "Imaginary Friend" ploy...8, maybe 9. "Damien?" I made sure not to let the incredulous coincidence come out in my voice. The kid was instantly suspicious, and not because I was here at the behest of his parents. "Damien, have you had...company, lately?" "What of it?" A voice the kid shouldn't have had at all. This one was pretty direct, to not even try at hiding from me. I recomposed myself. "And what do I call you?" "Actually...I'm Damien too." The voice chuckled. "And I knew someone was coming." "Didn't even try to hide...why?" I asked. "Simple." The body with two minds flopped on the bed, smiling. "You won't send me back. You HAD to have sensed it talking to the other Damien's "charming" parents." "They seemed off." I muttered. Damien-D (For demon, to separate him from the child), laughed derisively. "Don't be politic about it. If they're "Off", then I was "A little naughty". You know the truth. You can feel it. You can SEE it." He held out the boy's arms, covered in welts. "SAY it, exorcist." I sighed, allowing him this small victory. "They beat him." "They are worse to him than I would ever be. When I felt a vessel weak enough to let me in, I was thrilled...but then I felt the how, the why...and...something stirred in me." I scoffed. "Don't pretend to be noble all of a sudden." He sat up and glared. "You think being a fallen angel has erased that I ever was one, you heretical holy man? I have a heart still." He laid back, smiling. "Damien here gives me a wonderful opportunity...to make heads spin on all three realms. Divine, Infernal and Mortal." "...I don't follow." I admitted, leaning against the door. "Last time Daddy raised a hand to Damien, I made his cigarette explode...almost like cigars in old cartoons. He even blinked at it like one...well, after he let out the most delightful high-pitched squeal." The giggle was of two voices. Damien-H seemed to like the memory too. "I'm staying...and when someone plans evil for Damien...I'll do evil to them first. Not as harsh as what they intended...just enough to get them to...stay in their lane." He sat up, and the controllers from the system floated to them...one set in the boy's hands, the other floating, manipulated by seemingly nothing. The two were...playing together. I uncrossed my arms and stood up from my earlier position. "You will do good...by doing lesser evil, TO evil." "You get it! I'd applaud, but then Damien would lose his lead in a way I don't want him to." Furious clicking from the controllers. "The angels can't really touch me, you won't cast me out...and the fact the Divine and Mortal are letting me do as I please will piss off TONS of Demons back home! I can do this for decades, as long as Damien lives. Imagine it...Demonic Possession...as the best thing that ever happened to someone. The planes will SHIT themselves!" "Watch your potty mouth." Damien-H took his mouth back for that remark. Damien-D seemed...genuinely contrite. "Sorry kiddo. So yeah...you can send me home...but face it...the best parent this kid can ask for is in this room. You exorcise me...and they'll want payback from him for what I did to protect him." ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ I left. I claimed the demon was far more powerful, beyond me, and likely anyone they could contact. I did all I could to encourage them not to engage the entity, and the child may get more control. In truth I knew Damien-D would not act unless harm came to Damien-H. I don't know if I can continue my work after what I've experienced then. Even if he was not entirely benevolent...I found him brilliant. I could not see him as an enemy, but merely a rival that had bested me, I...respected him. I think I may tone down my work...perhaps...I've been fighting the wrong monsters. 