
The first time she met me, I saw her, halfway sprawled across Leonardo's workshop, I thought she might be a harlot that Leonardo had brought in to sketch anatomy. It was an honest mistake, see, as this wasn't really the first time I'd seen her, but the first time I'd seen her without a disguise. Her brown hair was mottled, covered in sweat lines and her skin covered in blemishes that could only be described as past burns. It was a remarkable contrast to the pale skin I bore, a mark of my vampire nature. "How much did you pay her for her services?" I asked, coldly, turning back to look at Leonardo. "I paid her nothing, she is a colleague of mine, and duck." Leonardo said primly, not looking up from his designs. "Duck?" "Duck," he repeated. I didn't duck, and she clobbered me over the head with a metal chair. "THAT'S FOR WHAT YOU DID TO THE CUBANS." Bizarrely, all I could think of was; what the hell was a cuban? ---- The first time we really met, I assume, was back in ancient china. Her brown hair, in my memory, seemed to follow me around in classical wooden laminated armor, a bow in her hand as I was escorted as a classical story teller from royal son to royal son. "Duck," She said, plainly. "Duck?" I asked, cluelessly, and then she hurled me to the ground. An arrow glanced off the side of her armor, and she drew her repeating cross bow off of her hand and kept me pinned in place. Bizarrely, she didn't mind my pale skin, nor did she mind the fact that my heart beat was dead in my body, just a mobile corpse. Intriguing. She disappeared when the mongols inevitably seized the city, so I took her for dead, mourned that I never tasted of her veins, and moved on, hitching a ride over to India. ---- Or perhaps the first time was older still, when I was but a young scion of a noble house, crestled in the fertile valleys that your kind bares no name for, or recollection of their existence? A brown haired woman healer once cared for me, her face mottled with blemishes and cuts, who healed me when I should've died from my master's bite, muttering about incompatible blood. I looked up at her and asked when I would pass. "Never. You'll never pass," She said, grimly. "I've put too much effort in keeping you alive, brat." And that was that. When I recovered, my master had her removed from the compound so we could focus on training. ---- But the first time I absolutely knew it was her, and she was following me around, was during the black plague sweeping London's streets. London, where the smoke and cloud of industry made it so I could walk the streets in broad daylight instead of hiding away like an accursed rat. London, where my heart even know goes off to, where even now I miss, as I spiral pointlessly through the stars. But she appeared, a mane of brown hair behind a raven's mask, and calmly escorted me out of the royal quarter before the whole of it burned down. "Why?" I asked her. "Why do you follow me?" "You're needed," She said, coolly. "And I can't allow you to die." ---- But perhaps, most importantly, was in the latter half of the 20th century, when I was a university professor attached to a classroom on philosophy. A brown haired girl, hardly out of her teens sat in the back. Her hand raised into the air, and I stared at her. "Yes?" "If you had a reason to save someone, anyone, even if you knew they would do harm, would you do it? If you knew they had to exist for you to exist?" I stared at the time traveler, my face going slightly slack. "Duck?" I asked, stupidly. She slowly nodded. I ducked, and the bullet barely avoided my head and shattered the window across from me. "I'll see you again, won't I?" I asked. "Your purpose hasn't been met yet, you know," She said, grimly. "Purpose? I am a monster. I have no need for purposes." "And yet you'll serve one, soon enough. The Sniper's sitting on the bell tower, he'll be distracted in three minutes, take your move then. Don't kill anyone. It's important." and then she was gone. I never got her name, nor did her name appear on my class roll. How long had she been waiting to save me? ---- The end of the world was a strange thing. The sky red with fire, ash raining from the heavens. Trees burning. but I was an elder vampire now, and I sat, grim, staring into the horizon. Waiting for her to appear with her brown hair. "Duck?" I asked. "Not this time," She said from behind me. "Do you think you're ready to die yet?" "Of course not." "Good," She said, flatly, stepping in front of me. "Twenty years ago, there'll be a girl who is born. Her mother dies in the operation to extract her, and her father leaves. She needs an adopted father, and you need a job." I stared at her, my pale skin burning in the light of the sun. "You'll do the job better than anyone who has ever done it, in any permutation of the world. She'll grow up to save the world, and she'll sacrifice so many things to do it. Good luck." She threw her watch at me and I caught it instinctively. Then I was in a hospital far away, with just the quirk of her walking into the distance as my memory of her. A baby wailed. ----- https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ 