
I look into the room and see the creature under the bright lights of the cage, it's naked pale body, huddled in the corner. It looks angry. And it looks frightened. "What is it?" I ask Yisnick, the ship's lead scientist, who's standing next to me, staring with as much curiosity as me. "It calls itself a human." Yisnick says, rubbing the bristled sense organs on his face. "It's massive. How much does the thing eat?" "About fifteen to thirty thousand dozars a day," Yisnick said. I stare at the long, gangly looking creature for a long time. "What does it eat?" "It eats whatever we give it. It will eat plants or meat... as an experiment, we even fed it Xo'thras after he died." I scowled at Yisnick, who shrugged. I took a deep breath. "And?" "And the human devoured it with pleasure." The human is staring at me through the glass, it's eyes shining like the dark greens swamps of Mion Ez. A shiver ripples along the ridges of my exoskeleton. "Have you trained it?" I ask. Yisnick nods. He calls out. "Pick up the stone, human." Yisnick says indifferently into the microphone. The human walks over and grabs the rock. "Good," Yisnick says. "Is it subservient?" I ask. "Absolutely." Yisnick says, then leans towards the speaker. "Put down the stone, human." The human stares at Yisnick through the glass, the cords of muscles along his arms press out, long hoses of blood seem to course under the skin. "Put it down," Yisnick says again, clicking a button in his hand. The collar on the human lights up and buzzes. The human drops the stone. "See? No drive. Completely harmless." The human stares at us for a few more seconds, then walks back into the corner and slides down the wall slowly. "We will be doing our first face-to-face contact with the human this evening," Yisnick says. "Me and an escort will walk into the cage and interact in the flesh." I'm still staring at the human who is staring back at me. I'm not sure if that's a good idea. "Is that necessary?" I ask. "Absolutely. This is one of the greatest discoveries in the history of our civilization. I will be--I mean we will be--remembered for this, Commander. Just look at this thing. Is it not beautiful?" It didn't look beautiful to me. It looked dangerous. "Double the escort with you, Yisnick. And report to me first thing in the morning on what you discover." "Of course, sir." I walk out of the room and I feel the human's eyes follow me. I'm glad to be gone. It's been a long day and I head back to my quarters for a quick sleep before I need to be back on deck. I look at a picture of my family back on Xaneth Thar, then turn out the lights. The deep green eyes of the human haunts the darkness of my cabin. I feel them piercing into me as I fall into a deep sleep. I am suddenly awoken by one of my praetorian guard. "Sir, there's a problem." "What is it?" I say, bolting upright. "Yisnick is dead. So are his escort." "And The human?" I ask, desperately. "It has escaped." "Lok'un save us," I pray. ---- ***Part II below*** 