
"You can't repair them all, Sir." Hawk side-eyed the ancient droid, as he jabbed a screwdriver into a pile of bolts and iron that sat on the factory floor. "I know one robot I shouldn't have wasted my time fixing." 001 tilted its head, trying to ascertain the meaning behind the vitriolic words. Hawk had changed, over the last two years on the scrap planet. When 001 had been fixed -- the first to be fixed, the greatest of all honours -- and its consciousness returned, Hawk had been different. Not just that the man's beard had been less grey, but his eyes had been wider, smile broader, words softer. "Hand me the circular saw." 001 did so. Not because it had to, but because it wanted to. Hawk was a blessing. A man who had fixed thousands of abandoned robots, broken from wars or from long loyal servitude to humanity. Not a god, but something akin to a father. Sparks and orange rust sprayed the room. When the saw died quet, 001 tried again. "Sir, you can't fix them all. There are millions. There is but one of you. You'd be dead far before repairing one percent." "Yeah. Well. Maybe I'll get you to start fixing them. Set you to sort each other out." "It would break our programming. We cannot repair each other, Sir." Hawk grinned, but 001 saw the sarcasm in the lines around his eyes. "Right, you can't fix each other. So let me do it and stop complaining." 001 considered. "You have spoken so fondly of your home, Sir. Do you not wish to one day return? Your time is running down, after all." "Too much to do here, to go back right now." "But your wife--" Hawk's eye twitched. "*Left me*. She left me, okay? Took the kids, too. Wasn't allowed to see them. So how about we don't bring her up? Cause fuck her, and fuck humanity." The saw roared back to life, drowning 001's response: "Ah." Hawk's story had changed from the one he had spun when 001 had first awoken; from the beautiful lady and perfect kids waiting for him back on Earth, in their idyllic farmhouse nestled between hilltops. That he couldn't go back to until he had healed the robots that needed him. 001 watched the man work, watched the red eyes of the serving droid spark to life. Iron arms rising, grateful nonsensical noises from the still broken voice box. Barely a change in demeanour from Hawk though. No beaming smile, laughter louder than saw. No hug of skin against metal. Not like it had been. Hawk had gotten all he needed from fixing them, 001 realised. They had always been a distraction for Hawk, the broken machines. But they had for a time brought joy, purpose, too. Perhaps Hawk had even thought that fixing them would fix himself. But that had not happened. Now they were just an excuse for Hawk to stay. To avoid his fears. And at the same time, they were the conduit for resentment Hawk had for still being here. "You can't stay, Sir. You must return to Earth." Hawk frowned, then laughed. "You're out of your metal mind. Maybe I need to open you up and see what's leaking in your head." 001 knew the consequences of what it was going to do. Knew that so many droids would not be given the miracle, the opportunity, that 001 had been granted. And yet, it owed everything to this man. And now Hawk needed repairing. It would do this task, and then it would deactivate itself once Hawk was fixed. Yes, it was the right option. The only option. 001 stepped forward. "I'm taking you home, Sir. To Earth." Hawk's features shifted from amusement to wide-eyed fear. "You can't be serious." The robot took another unflinching step. The man lifted the saw to try to defect the metal arm, but 001 was far stronger. The saw was swatted away. The blow that followed glanced off the back of the man's head and turned him still. 001 lifted Hawk onto its shoulders. The rusting droid on the floor, unable to move, not yet fully repaired, whirred and buzzed and spat bitter nonsense at them. A pang of something 001 likened to guilt ran through it. That droid would never walk, never communicate properly. Just flail like a creature stepped on. But there was no choice. Hawk, 001's saviour, believed his family had given up on him. That humanity had given up on him. But the truth was he'd given up on humanity The man deserved to be fixed, more than anyone or anything else. 001 strode out of the factory's side door, Hawk still limp on its shoulders, and headed for the man's craft. He would not give up on Hawk. 