
"Do you mind if I sit here?" she asked. It took me a moment to gain a semblance of composure. I wanted to say: "You mustn't! Don't you realise that *the world would end?*" - but the words became a jumbled mess as they moved from throat to mouth. She sat down next to me on the park bench, and as she did so, her lips traced a soft smile. I'd never seen her eyes this close up - the blue-green of the ocean, lapping against the coast; her lips the wine-dark of the evening sun, as it dances on the water's crest. "Why have you been following me?" she asked. Her words weren't tainted with anger, but the question took me off guard. My face felt suddenly hot and I knew it was red with flush. "I- haven't..." "I've *seen* you. On street corners and shop doorways - then when I'd turn to face you, you'd retreat out of sight, and you'd think you were *soo* smart." The way she drew out 'so', as her lips parted into a perfect oval, sent a shiver crawling down my spine. "I've been trying to *avoid* you," I managed, but the words sounded rough and broken, like shards of glass spilling from my mouth. "Strange way of doing it." "It's so we never accidentally run into each other. Accidentally *talk* to each other," I whispered. "Why don't you want to talk to me?" She gently bit her lip. "Because, *the world would end*." She looked around. "Seems like the world is doing okay so far." She slid herself closer to me. "What makes you think it would it end?" "Because... if the *Devil* ever saw us together," I looked around, and lowered my voice to a whisper, "he would be jealous of the perfection that God had finally achieved, and he would send his ire unto us." She laughed, a sound both mellifluous and easy, and my heart danced to the warm rhythm. "That's sweet." "No... it's the *truth!*" "Then... why hasn't the world ended yet?" she grinned. "I- I don't know. Maybe because our bodies haven't touched?" She frowned at me. "Come on, let me buy you a coffee and a sandwich. You look like a skeleton." "I'm not hungry," I protested, but my stomach rumbled in disagreement, betraying the words. She bit her lip again as she thought. "How long have you been living like this?" "I... don't remember." "Come on. Let me help you! A haircut, a shower - a little food, maybe?" "..." "*Please*, let me help," she begged. I looked around. Underneath my dirty blanket, the dew coated grass of the park was still green; the sun above sparkled on the empty bottles beneath. Where had I gotten the idea the world would end? *What was wrong with me?* I nodded, cautiously. "A sandwich would be good." She smiled softly and held out a hand. I reached to take it, my own arm trembling. As she led me away from my rickety home, I heard the distant rumble of thunder. --- Thanks for reading! If you would like to read more of my stories: /r/nickofnight 