
I watched the little runt enter my haven. She slid down the small incline. She paced around calling, "Hello, is anyone home?" I didn't think the juveniles could talk. I continued to watch, as she looked around the interior of my small hovel. I had lit a fire in my hearth earlier before turning to my true form back from my humanoid form, perhaps that is what brought it in. She found a rock to sit next to the fire on. "What are you doing, little one," I asked. She squealed and jumped falling back off the small rock. It had been such a long time since I had used my voice, I had forgotten that it was deep, loud, and animalistic. "Who-who is there?" she said. "It is ok, I didn't mean to scare you. Are you lost?" "Yes, I am," "Oh, you poor thing." "Why do you sound like that? Are you a monster?" "No, erm... well, perhaps some would say that I am." "I am not scared," "Oh, such a brave little pup," I growled. "I am too brave, show yourself and I will prove it." I quickly scurried down the wall of my home in the shadows. The youngling jumped as she heard the noise. "Come out," she said. I slowly inched forward allowing my head to enter the bright ring of light and she held up a hand shading her eyes. She shrunk back as her eyes locked on to my golden scales that covered my nose. I snorted a small burst of fire followed by smoke puffed from my nostrils. Lifting a lip and baring my dagger-like teeth. She didn't flinch, she giggled, her eyes wide with excitement. "A dragon." She squealed and dashed toward me and before I could react her hands were around my neck squeezing me. The top of her head came to rest on my shoulder soft golden hair ticked down my front leg. "You're not a monster. You are beautiful. Do you have a name?" "Ah, a name, I forget your kind names things but, first what do I call you?" "Kerrigan," She said, "my name is Kerrigan." "Ah well little Kerrigan, as I do not have a name, what would you call me?" She fingered one of the horns on my head, "my Spike." "Spike," I growled. "Yes, *my* Spike." **** Hi! Thanks for reading, if you liked this, check out my other work over at r/Okay_writing. 