
The man swung at me with everything he had, his fist colliding with my cheek. I stumbled backwards, surprised he managed to land a punch--I wasn't used to my targets putting up a fight. He was quick; I was quicker. He came at me again, sooner than he should have. He was impatient--he wanted to end the fight before it was won. That was his downfall. I slid to my right, narrowly avoiding his attack, and buried my knife in his armpit. The man stepped back, staring at me, confused as to how he came to be in such pain. Then he fell to the floor, convulsing. I retrieved my knife and rolled him onto his back. He needed to die, yes--but he didn't need to suffer. I finished the job as quick as I could. As the light faded from his eyes, a pain shot through my skull--more severe than normal. The vision came quicker than I expected. It was meant to be this man's greatest contribution to the world. They always were. Even evil men were capable of kindness; these visions allowed me to see their best moments in life. But for this man, and the two I killed before him, I saw only his final moments. Each swing he took at me, each attempt at taking my life. I doubled over in pain--not from my head, though it hurt nearly as bad--but from the feeling of a knife in my side. I could feel the man's death. I came to sometime later, the world appearing out of focus. I had passed out from the pain, it seemed--and as the world regained its clarity, so did my mind. My visions had never lied before. So why, then, was I seeing these men attacking me in their final moments? Why was an attempt on my life the greatest thing they contributed to society? I considered the first to be a fluke. The second I chalked up to a particularly evil man having never done anything of note. But this one... this one felt different. In truth, I had no idea who he was--I received my target, a vision in itself, and set myself to the task. It was no different than any other man I'd killed. But if something was wrong--if I wasn't supposed to kill these men--then who's to say I was meant to kill the others? I left the abandoned warehouse in a hurry, hoping to find an answer at the church. As luck would have it, I was only a few blocks away. Father Gabriel would know how to interpret these visions; I was sure of that. I entered the church and found Gabriel kneeling before a number of candles. He kept his voice low, but even his whispers echoed in the vast hall. "Father," I said, announcing my approach. He jumped to his feet and turned to face me. "Didn't mean to startle you," I said. "I need to know--" "How is this *possible*?" he said, grasping at the cross around his neck. "Father, I don't understand. I did as you instructed, another evildoer has been--" He moved behind the pulpit, a frenzy of prayers escaping his lips in a rushed whisper. "Father," I said, confused. "I only did as you asked. The man in my visions, he did not appear evil in the end. Nor did the two before. I only seek your guidance." "It was *you*, Samuel! I'm sorry--Lord, I'm sorry--but it was meant to be *you*!" I stopped. "Meant to be me? I don't--" "Samuel, my child," he said, his teeth chattering. "You have done the Lord's work for many years, but it is not clean work." My stomach churned. "Are you saying... I'm the evil one? But--I've done only as He commanded--" "Please leave this place, Samuel," he said, blood trickling from the hand that grasped his cross. "There are others like you--more than just the three you've killed--and I do not wish to see--" Gabriel went silent as I heard the door open behind me. I turned and saw a man, nearly twice my size, walking casually down the aisle. "Who are you?" I asked. I felt a sudden weakness in my bones, an unusual exhaustion. What Gabriel had said was just beginning to settle in the back of my mind--I had spent my years killing, and it had made me evil. "I think you know who I am," the man said. He drew a large hunting knife from his waist. I turned and looked at Father Gabriel. He was sitting on the floor, gripping his cross and rocking back and forth. I could no longer hear his whispers. I faced the man once more and drew my knife. "Well, let's go, then." r/Ford9863 