
"That's all right, big guy. Take it slow." I murmured, smiling and gritting my teeth as I helped Dusty up onto the bed. The big wolfhound fell into a pile with a whuff a moment later, panting happily. "I'm sorry, Dustin." The voice behind me was reedy and thin, but I'd recognize it anywhere. It was a voice I'd spent almost my whole life hearing. She stood waiting in the doorway, her eyes dark as she watched the dog and I. Her little terrier Peabody twined between her ankles, licking his chops. His fur was stained with white, now, just like Dusty's. So was her hair, the color lost to the years and her face wrinkled deeply, but she was every bit as beautiful as the day we'd met. I forced a smile onto my face. "It's all right, Sarah. It's just life." My hand caressed Dusty's back gently. "What time's the appointment?" She said softly, staring at the floor. "Ten. I wanted- I didn't want to have it hanging over us all day." She stepped forward, hands sliding under the big dog's chin so she could scratch the spot he loved. His tongue lolled out happily. I could almost remember the day I'd met Dusty. The vet's office was packed, I knew. I remembered the press of bodies, the smell of animals and body odor. And the rows of cages, each holding a puppy. "Choose." My mother had whispered in my ear, smiling over my shoulder. "And choose well, because you only get to choose once." "Whoever you pick is yours, Dustin." My father said, tone serious. "You'll have to take care of it, all right?" I had been so *excited*. A companion - for life. Who could ask for more? I'd run up and down the rows of kennels, sliding my hand through the bars. And when I'd seen the tiny puppy, fur tangled and wiry and matted but with eyes that stared up at me as though I were all that mattered in the world, I knew. They'd laughed at me, when I named him Dusty. "Pick something else," my mother had said. But I said no. He was *mine*, spending his whole life with me, and I wanted to give him a little of something that was mine in return. His eyes were every bit as warm and trusting as he stared at me now, panting. I could remember so many days we'd spent together - days in the park, where he'd chase birds and scare off the other dogs with his deep, throaty bark. Jessica, my first girlfriend, who'd never gotten a dog at all. She'd never been able to understand why I was so caught up in 'that dumb animall'. We hadn't lasted long. Day after sunlit day, spent walking the trails for him to stretch his legs. I'd seen so many things, thanks to those 'walkies'. Sarah's word, not mine. I remembered that too, seeing the little brown-and-black terrier loose on the trail ahead. The jolt of fear as Dusty charged on. He'd never harmed a soul - but - We'd both laughed, as the big wolfhound rolled Peabody on his side just as gentle as could be, and jammed his nose up against the littler dog's butt. Everything had changed since then - but not us. Never us. "Hey," Sarah said, her bony hand patting my back. "It's all right." "I know," I muttered, ruffling the big dog's ears. His eyes were rheumy and grey, the match of my own, and he hadn't been able to walk on his own for a few weeks. Even still, he looked at me with such unflinching faith that it hurt. "All things have to come to an end. But don't regret any of it," Sarah murmured. "He was happy. He was *always* happy. You gave that to him." Without another word, she slid from the room. I knew she was right. Modern medicine was miraculous, but there were some miracles too much to ask for. It had already given us almost seventy-five years together. But that time was doomed to run out eventually. I *knew* that. "Just one more day." I said quietly, smiling at the big dog's happy face. With one last good scratch on the back and a kiss on the head, I pulled the covers back and went to go find my pajamas. (/r/inorai, critique always welcome!) 