
I pressed my finger into the center of the pentagram they made, because how else does someone respond to ants? The reaction was not what I expected. The ants wrapped around my finger and made a chain across the ground and started pulling my finger along. So here I am, crawling on one hand and knees across the ground, acting at the will of ants. Good thing no one else is around. They pull me about 10 feet and crawl off of my finger and rearrnage into the word "dig." So I get up and go to get a shovel. Im halfway to my shed and I trip. 'Over what?' I think. I look down, and the ants made a massive 50 ant-wide chain around my leg! I kick my leg and break the chain, but the rest of the ants still on my leg. I shout "Shovel!" and they actually crawled off! 'Wow, these things can understand me.' I grab the shovel and the ants have made a line from my shed to the spot the led me to before. I start digging. And digging. And dig further. Every time I stopped, I would look up to see "Deeper" spelled in the lawn. I said "Water" and went inside to get some water. I finished it and and dug a bit further. I looked up to see a stack of bottled water a few feet from the hole. 'What is going on..' I've been thinking, but now its really on my mind. Its getting dark, I'm 9 feet deep with some assistanceof the ants, and they are still spelling out "Deeper" in the lawn. I say "Sleep" and they drop a 5-hour energy down the hole. 'I didnt have any of these in my house!' I think, I don't want to question these things, there's clearly no stopping sentient ants. Well, I guess I'll dig more then.I keep digging and eventually I hit a metal plate. A thick, steel plate. Or possibly a roof? The ants spell "Dig" with a arrow point left. I start clearing off the dirt and I can see "Grasshopper Fortress" crudely etched into the metal. I keep clearing off dirt until I reach smaller, thinner, metal structure. The ants spell out "Crush" as I feel my shovel being tugged towards it. I easily smash the little box which I realize is made out of pieces of cans.The ants spell out "Thank you leave" and so I crawled out of the hole and went to bed. I woke up and my lawn had looked like nothing had happened. Huh. 