
For the first time all year, I woke up before my alarm sounded. By the time I would've usually awaken, I had already put on my work uniform, eaten my toast, and sat staring at the clock, waiting to leave my house so I didn't get to work too early. Today was December 31, the only day for America's retail workers to purge themselves after the holiday season. And this holiday season had been hell. Some considered purging barbaric and an attack on the poor as high-end retailers would pay holiday bonuses for skipping purges. However, the lower-end retailers, the ones that I worked for, were barely willing to offer me my normal wages, never mind bonuses. Even if they did though, I would still purge. It was my right to purge. As soon as the clock struck 7:30, I was out my house and driving to work along near empty streets. --- "Fuck you, you dying sack of leather!" I screamed. The old lady jumped. She gripped the shopping cart and pressed ahead. On any other day, I'd be near impossible to find, but today, I followed whatever customer was brave enough to walk through my sliding glass doors to hell. "You look like Betty White's skeleton." Though I did feel bad for picking on an old lady, there wasn't many desperate enough to walk into a Target today and I had a year's worth of pent up animosity to purge. "Please, young man," she begged. "I'm just here for my groceries." "Wrong day to run out of prune juice, grandma." "Young man," she said. "Please, I know today is the purge, but I have never treated retail workers poorly. I mean, I used to work retail as well." "Oh yeah, was it at *Eagle Food Centers?*" The lady furrowed her brow and stared. "It's an old retail store," I explained. "It went out of business in the early 2000s. I'm saying you're old!" The sick version of Betty White stopped in her tracks and glanced around. My breath caught. This was the moment she would rush off out the store in a stream of tears, each one, a small drop of vengeance for all the shit I had to put up with throughout the year. "Now you listen to me you pompous piece of human filth," she said. "I've seen strippers with a more promising future than you. At least when they lie to themselves and say they're just doing this until they have enough money to go back to school, they make more than minimum wage." "Hey," I snapped. "Your advice might've been relevant at the time of Christ but--" "Oh boohoo," she interrupted. "I'm old. What else is new? Did you spend all night thinking these up? You probably think you're god damn clever"--she paused to look at my name tag--"Nancy." My name was Drew. "Tell me Susan, if you're so clever, what the fuck are you doing working eight hour shifts at Target? Please explain to me how you're just waiting for opportunity to come to you so you can show this world just how brilliant you really are. Even better if girl's should be lined up outside your shitty bachelor pad if only they knew how you are on the *inside*!" "My parents don't have the money for college," I squeaked. "And I don't want to go into debt." "Aww, mommy and daddy weren't willing to cough up the pretty penny for Daisy over here? Probably because they knew what a waste of money that would be. You peaked the moment you were born, Hannah. Now leave me the fuck alone." Tears swelled inside my eyes. My lips wobbled and I backed off. "Hey Drew," the old lady shouted. I turned to see a veiny middle finger pointed my way. "I've done 10 years at Wal-Mart you piece of shit!" --- --- /r/jraywang for daily WP stories, continuations by popular demand, and more! 