
"Paul, look, it's an eagle." Paul craned his neck to the clear blue sky, raising an eyebrow as he caught sight of the winged beast floating on the midday breeze. It passed over them and flew over the distant cliff's edge, rising higher to avoid the spitting sea as it crashed against the rocks. "So it is, John, so it is." He watched for a second more before lowering his gaze to the dirt. John watched Paul a while more, hoping for something in the return, but the moment seemed to have passed. John frowned. "Would it kill you to make some conversation?" Paul didn't look up. "It's killing me that were not in that battle." John looked up to the horizon, where the blood soaked flags of two armies stood tall amid a sea of carnage. "No, Paul, it'd kill you if you were in that battle, literally. We're terrible soldiers. That's why we guard the supply train." "If only excitement wasn't in such short supply." "Hilarious." John looked over the rest of the motley crew who guarded the supply train with strong disdain. He and Paul weren't model soldiers, but they were better than this lot. Most lay about under the sun without a care in the world, picking their noses and worse. John smirked, turning to Paul. "Tell you what, if anyone did attack the supply train, we'd be screwed." "Royally screwed," Paul affirmed, returning the smirk. The two shared the smile for a second, holding onto it with desperation as the fleeting laughter passed them by and boredom returned. The smirks slowly faded, and soon their eyes returned to the dirt. John was finally ready to join the booger pickers and see what was up his own domain when Paul's voice picked up with impromptu urgency. "John! Over there!" John's eyes followed Paul's outstretched hand to the cliff above them, not a hundred feet away. Two knights stood shimmering and still amid the backdrop of the orange sun as it slowly set on the raging sea. John squinted. "What's going on?" "Shhhh." Paul stood tall, stepping forward slightly. "Paul, seriously, where did they come from?" "Shhhhhhhhh," Paul turned to John with a scathing look. "Shut up, they're about to duel." John stared at Paul for a second, mouth agape, then turned his eyes beyond his friend's shoulder to the statuesque knights. The two had still not moved, and John thought it like something from a painting in some great castle. Then, just as he was about to shout to them, the first move was made. The knight facing North unsheathed his longsword, a great monster of a blade. It blinded John and Paul as the sun gleamed off it's resplendent steel. "Heavens above, this is exciting," Paul declared, shielding his eyes. "Don't you think?" "I don't understand -" Paul hushed John again as the East facing knight responded in kind. He lifted his weapon to the sky with a roar, and the two men gasped at the instrument of pain. A morning-star, black as night with jagged spikes, dangling silently before its master. The wind seemed to halt in its tracks, the air stifled and dry in a mere second. John and Paul stood wide eyed before the impending spectacle. They waited. The East facing knight broke the tension with a mighty roar as he swung the morning-star high above his head, the spiked ball screeching through the air with fierce venom. His adversary followed suit, strafing right with a powerful lunge as the longsword pierced the air. A second swing from the morning-star, a second lunge from the longsword. Paul watched wide eyed, salivating at the sight before him as the knights danced around each other. "Wow, just wow. Two knights locked in mortal combat, dueling in the heat of a great battle." "Er, Paul," John's voice floated on the air. "The battle's about a mile that way, and these two men are getting further and further away from each other." The two watched the knights as they "hoo'd" and "haah'd", swinging their weapons in every direction but each other. Paul shrugged. "It's a duel. It's nuanced." "It's chaos." John lifted a finger, "That man just stabbed a tree." The pair looked over to the longsword wielding knight, screaming with glee as he thrust his sword further into the bark of the wilting tree. Paul rubbed his head, "Maybe the other knight really liked that tree." "You mean the knight who's swinging his morning-star into a bush?" Paul rubbed harder, before turning his palms to the sky. "They're probably just warming up. You wouldn't understand." John folded his arms across his chest. "You know what I think? I think you're so insanely bored that you'll see anything you want to see. And right now you want to see a duel between two great warriors. Now I don't know what the fuck this is," he pointed to the flailing knights, "but it certainly isn't a tale for the bards." Paul turned his back on the *duel* and faced John, brow firmly furrowed. "Maybe it's about what *you* want to see. Maybe you just want me to be bored. Maybe you're jealous of two great warriors because you know you'll never be like these proud, esteemed knights right here - " "One just walked off the cliff." "Right, well, never mind." - /r/ShittyStoryCreator :) 