
39 Across - Playwright's rule re: firearms. The puzzles were too easy these days. I penned in the answer (always pen - pencil was for mental slugs) and then stared at the almost completed grid. Sunday's puzzle, the thorniest, most obscure that Mr. Shortz could apparently come up with, and it had taken me only half an hour to do almost the entire thing. It was depressing. I considered brewing another pot of coffee, but decided against it. I drank too much of the stuff these days, especially since I could no longer sleep past four-thirty or so. For the last few months I'd woken in the dark, far before dawn, bones creaking and with the sound of the sea whispering faintly through my window. Some mornings I would get up directly - brew a pot of coffee and then take a thermos down to Linda Mar beach. There was a bench on the south end of the broad curve of sand and I would watch the surfers arrive with the first light, watch them as they stripped and donned black-skin wetsuits, their flesh goose-pimpling in the frigid air. Some mornings I would simply lie in bed and watch the way the walls never moved, feel how time slowed to nothing. Some mornings, I laid in bed and wondered if everything had stopped, if I and the entire world had been frozen in amber forever, and for the next eternity I would simply watch the walls and the ceiling until I lost my mind. Today was typical for Pacifica - a bright grey sky, a crisp wind from the west that whipped the tops off the waves in the bay and rushed the smell of the ocean down the streets. Sitting in my kitchen, I could inhale kelp and wet sand, sniff at the extra-sour salt that only comes from the sea. I had a living room, of course, and even a small table on my porch with an accompanying grey-wood chair, but I almost always spent time in my kitchen. It had the best view of the street. I was sitting there when the first van pulled up. It was black, unmarked. No false label promoting a fictional plumbing business, or some false flower shop. It pulled up to the curb outside my kitchen window and I, sat inside with three clues to go on the Times Sunday crossword, felt my face break into a huge smile. Two men got out of the van simultaneously. They had the close-cropped hair and government prescribed level of fitness of the long arm of the law, that fabled appendage that I always imagined as something sick and distended, crawling across the ground like a fleshy spider, pulling itself forward with worn-down fingertips. As they approached my house, two more cars arrived - regular police cars. This was it, then. No more Times crossword, no more logic puzzles or codes, no more waking up and looking at the walls and ceiling and wishing I were already dead. I'd wondered what had taken them so long - I'd sent my DNA sample in nearly two months ago. One of the men pounded on my front door. "Federal agents! Open up!" I took a sip of cold coffee. Who knew how long it would be until I got another cup? I could see a neighbor across the street - a weak, pissant of a man I knew well from close observance, come out onto his own porch and peer across the street at the swelling armada that was gathering in front of my house. I wondered if, tomorrow or the day after, when the news broke, he would feel the fear clutch his belly at the thought of *me* living across from him, all these years. "OPEN UP!" The pounding was even louder now, and it made me want to giggle. I turned to the crossword. Perhaps one last clue for old time's sake. 40 Down - Cryptic killer near the Golden Gate. 