
I sighed, walking out of the bank with my entire 7.27 in hand. I already told my family, my job, my friends... These sorts of things were common. A small amount was a signal of a short life to live, but even those were usually at least a hundred bucks! Enough to spend at a bar as I mourned my own death...but what could 7.27 get me?! As I walked down the street, I considered my options. Food? A drink? I almost considered not spending it. Maybe I could prolong my life by not spending it. I passed by a foodstall. One taco for 2$. I looked at the money in my hand, considering... I sigh. Fuck it, I was dead anyway. No point in delaying the inevitable. One cheap taco here and a 7-11 drink from down the road. There have been worse last meals. "One, please." I tell the vendor. As my taco is being made, I feel a tug on my pants. I look down and see a kid, covered in mud and torn clothing. "Mister," she says. "Can you help please? I'm lost." Ah...poor kid. "Do you know a number to call?" "Yes." She answers. I give her my phone, opening up to the call button. Doesn't particularly matter if she steals it. I'll be dead soon anyways, so I leave her to it as I take my taco. She's talking on the phone, her voice thin and reedy as she talks, close to tears and sitting on the sidewalk curb as she asks for 'Daddy' to come get her. Apparently she wandered away from her her mother and had been walking for about three hours on her own. Three hours? Poor kid must be starving... I count the money remaining, and ask for one more taco and water. Lucky me, the entire 7.27 pays for two tacos and a bottle of water, plus tax. I sit on the curb as she hangs up. Wordlessly, I trade her the phone for the taco, and sit with her as we wait, leaving her the cold water to drink. She sits close, using my larger body for shade. She looks sun burnt as hell, so I don't mind. The police come roaring up with sirens and everything, and shuffle her away. "You the one who found her?" They ask as she talks to the officer, being led into the car. "Indeed I was." I say, wiping my hands on a tissue paper. "She gonna be okay?" "Yeah, the father sends his thanks." The police officer says. "Asking for you to be brought in too." Me? "Why?" I ask. "There was a reward offered. The girl was kidnapped by her deranged mother for the last two months, the father is a multi-millionare." My stomach suddenly drops. "...No shit?" The officer snorts, half laughing. "No shit. You're going to be a very rich person by the end of the day." And so. I was. That one taco and phone call ended up profiting me about 700k. Sometimes the psychic cheque works out great in weird ways. She and I are still friends. We go out for tacos every once in a while, she thinks of me like an older sibling and I'm her regular baby sitter. 