
*Just wrote this up really quickly while my pizza cooked....* "What the actual fuck!?" The words escaped my mouth before I'd even realised what I said. "Language, Miss Hawkins!" Ordinarily I would have apologised, even if it was just my butler chastising me, but my manners had left me after the shock of what I saw. "You have so much money! How?? Why are you working as my butler when you could just do whatever the hell you wanted?" "As you do?" he asked, judgement apparent in his voice. I waited in silence for his answer. He sighed. "Because you needed to be taught." "Taught? Taught what?" I snorted. "I went to fucking Harvard! Remind me where you studied again?" It was a rhetorical question. I didn't know the answer nor did I care. His face reddened but not with shame. If I'd been younger, I would have found myself over his knee. I was certain of that. I was also certain that I would have fired his sorry ass had he even tried. "If you recall, Miss Hawkins, when we first met I found you lying in a pool of your own vomit and with a needle stuck in a vein." Drawing himself up even straighter, if that was even possible, he added, "Clearly there are some things an education can't buy." It was true. I'd been a worthless junkie back then. Not a literal worthless junkie of course because I had more money than most people could ever dream of. My mother was generous with her cash, even if she lacked that generosity in other parts of her life. Her cold demeanour was probably one of the reasons why her husband - my father - had left her immediately after I was born. She profited greatly from the divorce, less so from the string of stepfathers I'd had after that. Alimony is a bitch. When she had died, I also inherited what little was left of her money, although it still tallied up to a few million. "But where did you get that money from?" I ran a hand down my face. It was a lot to take in, thinking one thing and then discovering another. "Did you rob a fucking bank or something?" "Stop swearing. No, it's my money. I used to own a business a few decades ago. It did well and then I sold it." "Must have been some fu- some business. You have more zeros than I do! But still, why is a billionaire cooking my food and cleaning up after me? It doesn't make any sense." Frank looked uncomfortable. He cleared his throat and then said quietly, "Because I wanted to get to know my daughter." 