
It's dark and damp under the house, and a foul smell punches me in the face as I crouch down and crawl in. I shine my flashlight around; mainly dirt and garbage, but something catches my eye. Socks and.... photos? Photos of me, all laid out on the ground and, peculiar as it sounds, the dirt around them looks like it's been raked into makeshift picture frames. "What the hell?" I whisper to my self, or so I thought. A little squeak causes me to lurch up a bit and knock my head on the house's underbelly. Something creeps up from behind the mound of dirty socks, and I shine my light in its quivering face. A mouse. Just a timid, dirty little mouse. "Hey there, little guy," it stares at me and cocks its head to the side. "So, you've been taking my socks and... my pictures? But that doesn't explain the rock formations that keep appearing on my porch, there's no way--" I stop short as the mouse--I shit you not-- stands up on its hind legs and walks over to the photos. "That's a new one on me..." Its moving like I've never seen a rodent move before, and, to my disbelief, it points right at a photo of me and then at my own confused face. "You.... you recognize me in the picture?" The mouse nods.... ya, I'm almost certain it nodded. "Can you understand me?" I keep the light pointed upwards so as not to blind the little guy. It nods again, and I laugh hysterically. "No, I'm sorry. There's no way you know what I'm saying." The little guy literally puts his paws on his plump mouse hips and nods aggressively; pointing back and forth between the pictures and myself over and over again. "Ok. OK! So... you do understand me, but how? And why are you hoarding my filthy socks and photos?" The mouse gets back down on all fours and runs off into the darkness. "Wait!" I shout after him, worried he'll never return and my confidence in what I saw will fade like a dream from an afternoon nap. To my surprise and delight, he returns with a little bag in his paws. "Oh, my god," I'm wide eyed now. *Mushrooms.* I beg you not to judge; I've always been adventurous, and responsible use of psychedelics has been a favorite pastime of mine. Growing batches in my green house has meant my friends, family, and I never have to deal with shady drug dealers, and its given me a steady stream of extra cash for bills; however, I couldn't have known I'd accidentally force a rodent through thousands of years worth of evolutionary progress with a naturally occurring fungi. "You've been eating my mushrooms?" The mouse squeaks pleasantly and nods as he hugs the bag. "And you now you can recognize me in a photo, and build intricate rock formations on my porch, and actually understand the sounds I'm making..." More joyful nods, and the mouse approaches me slowly on two legs. My face is close to the dirt, and my new rodent friend stops short, falls to his knees, and bows down low with his little paws outstretched in front of him. *Oh, Lord. The mouse thinks I'm its God.* /r/BeagleTales 