
Moobles had definitely died with a bang, not with a whimper. He wasn't sure what had happened, one second he'd been slurping on some red juice when, BANG, he ended up here. He was standing in a long line of animals, queuing up to cross some sort of bridge. A huge, mean looking grizzly was at the front of the line, growling at the passing fauna and slapping them good-naturedly on the back, sometimes sharing a barking laugh with the mastiff beside him who was tending another line. "Any idea what's going on here?" Moobles asked a horse standing nearby. The horse just glared at Moobles and flicked it's tail before edging forward in the line. "Pretty rude. Hey, champ, you know what's happening here?" He asked a poodle trotting along beside him. The poodle yelped then barked angrily, gnashing its teeth at Moobles. "Woah! Woah, okay!" Moobles held his hands out and backed up. Tough crowd here. He waited patiently as the line edged forward. "Oh Geeze." The grizzly swiped a paw over its eyes as Moobles came up to the front. "What are you doing here?" "Don't know champ, I was just drinking a bit of red when bing-bang-bam, here I am." Moobles shot the bear his best smile. The bear grimaced. "Look, maybe you should find some other place to go. This is a place for the protectors of the world!" He let out a roar which was answered by several fierce and scarred animals positioned around the bridge. "See Snuggles there? Snuggles has fought off fourteen toddler nightmares. Fourteen. Have you ever fought off a nightmare?" "Well... no, not per se." "Bumbles, look at Bumbles over there, he's helped destroy one hundred and forty seven panic attacks. One. Hundred. Forty. Seven!" The mastiff nearby looked over at Bumbles the crippled labrador, impressed. "I guess I've never do--" "Look, this here is a place for heroes! Not for... your kind." "I don't know about all that. What are we doing over there anyways?" "On the other side of this bridge are the fiercest foes that attack our world, anger, pain, anxiety, despair, loss. Only our strongest hopes and dreams can possibly stand a chance against their onslaught, and, after lives well lived, the very best come here to continue the good fight." "Ah, well, let me in then, I'm your guy." Moobles smirked, this sounded like a cake walk. The bear growled down at him. "And what makes you think something as small and repulsive as you would be wanted on our side." Moobles flirred his wings into action, gyrating into the air with sudden quickness. "I am the black hunter in the night, feared and hated by all. I am the ringing in your ears when you're right next to the sweetest sleep. I am that tingling at the back of your skull. I sweep in, stab, and swoop away in the blink of an eye. I feed on young and old, strong and weak, large and small. I am the unseen, unheard fear. My bite is poison, my sight is fearful, and my sound strikes dread. "I AM MOOBLES, LORD OF THE MOSQUITOES!" Moobles charged straight for the bear's eye, then flew over the bridge with glee as the grizzly jerked out of the way. There was hunting to be done. 