
A leap of faith. That's how they'd pleaded with me, a leap of faith. I wasn't someone who normally had a lot of faith, but I couldn't have really argued with them, they'd just lost their son. I'd tried to reason with myself that it wasn't my fault, that it was just one huge accident. I was right, somewhat, it had been an accident, but it was all my fault. The boy hadn't been careless, he hadn't jay-walked, he was following the rules. It was all my fault. I don't remember much from what happened after I hit him, it was all a blur. Adrenaline and fear had rushed through me, I'd rushed out of my vehicle, I'd picked up the bruised and bleeding middle school boy, I'd called an ambulance, I'd been with him as we went to the hospital. But that's all I can really remember, no specifics. The next thing I remember specifically after that was my conversation with his parents. I'll never forget the looks on their faces, complete horror. I don't know of words that would describe it any better. They'd looked so angry, so sad, so broken, it was as if their minds couldn't properly display what they were feeling onto their faces. The boy's parents, the Millers, were understanding, and poor, so they didn't press charges. That didn't mean that they liked me, but they could at least somewhat appreciate, through the haze of grief, that I'd stayed with him until he died in the hospital. "Please state your name and your explicit consent for the record." A female voice broke through, seizing me and bolting me back in reality. "M-Martin Alvarado," I said weakly, trying to convince myself that I was really doing the right thing. "I completely, and of my own free will, agree with all of the conditions of the 'Savoir' procedure." The surgeon I was talking to quickly wrote something down on the form in her hand and motioned for me to lie down on the surgery table. My hands were shaking and stalled myself by taking one last look around the dark, minimal surgery room I was gonna die in. The only thing in the room that wasn't signature to a jail cell was the machine hooked up to the table. The surgeon looked up at me, one of her eyebrows raised, and I looked back at the table. Sighing and forcing myself to accept it, I laid down on that metal surgery table. The seemingly emotionless woman then lowered her eyebrow and walked over to start hooking me up. It all happened in a blur, which did not sit well with me. I wanted to be alive for as long as possible, but it happened so quickly, the man came in, he put the mask on me and started the anesthesia. The woman hooked up whatever device it was to my chest and my hands. Just as my consciousness was fading away, I heard her take the exact time that the procedure began. I knew I was about to die, I knew it and I hadn't fully accepted it, but I couldn't do anything about it, it was out of my hands. A leap of faith... a leap of faith... leap of faith... I just kept repeating that phrase, over and over as I faded away, sure of the end. &nbsp; I opened my eyes. Were they my eyes? I couldn't tell, I felt them, but they felt alien. Where was I? Hadn't I just died? The table I was sitting on felt different, the room around me looked slightly different, my whole body felt different. What the hell was going on? Just as I was about to use the mouth that I was sure didn't belong to me, someone entered the room crying. It was the mother, the mother of the boy I'd hit, what was she doing here? I tried asking why she was here, and why she was crying, when the father came in as well. "It worked..." the mother sobbed. "How do you feel honey?" I froze, her words echoing in my head. Actually, it wasn't my head, as I'd just figured out, and those surgeons had definitely been wrong about this god damned procedure. --- /r/Palmerranian &nbsp; 