
Me and Tommy leaned in closer until our noses were almost touching the screen. Once again, the video started with Tommy running across the roof of his house and leaping into the air like a madman. He arched his back, tucked up his knees and span in the air. A backflip with forward momentum, or a 'gainer' as he kept insisting I call it. He landed perfectly, as he had last time, and it was easy to deny the little differences as being our imagination. Until I spoke. Off camera, the video version of me said "Dude that was sick!" "'Dude that was sick?'" said Tommy, spinning me around to face him. "Last time you said" 'Man that was perfect'!" My entire body went cold. This was our fourth watch of the video, and each time there had been subtle differences. I thought my phone was broken first. Then I thought it must have been in my head. Now I was sure. Tommy was right, I had said something completely different in the previous watch of the same video. "Watch it again!" said Tommy, gripping my shoulders tight and bouncing in his chair. "But what does it mean?" I asked, "how is it doing this?" "Watch it again man!" Tommy insisted. Relenting, I hit replay. That familiar shot looking up to the roof filled my screen, and soon video-Tommy was running and jumping. He twisted through the air, but as he landed, he took one step out of place, wobbling on the spot. "Nah that was crap," said video-Tommy turning to the camera and walking back towards the house. "We'll do another one." "Ok," said video-me, as the camera panned down to the grass and stopped abruptly. Next to me, Tommy was leaping up and down, a huge grin on his face, head in his hands, stumbling around his garden like he always did when something was too funny or too crazy to handle. "What the actual fuck!! I told you! I told you it was different each time!!" I wasn't smiling though. My hands were shaking. How was this even possible? Some prank, maybe? Tommy had somehow... But that was my voice. That was me saying those things. And it was my phone. How could he have... "Watch it again!" said Tommy, throwing himself into the seat next to me and gripping my shoulders so tight it hurt. I tried to reply, but wasn't even sure what I wanted to say. Something about this felt very wrong, and yet I had a morbid curiosity about it I couldn't shake. A part of me wanted to throw the phone as far as I could, to break the thing and never talk of this again. But a much larger part of me wanted to watch the video again. I pressed replay. Video-Tommy ran off the roof, just as he span, his shoes caught the guttering, and knocked it loose. As Tommy span, small black shards of plastic clattered to the floor. Tommy landed the gainer fine, but turned round instantly and threw his hands to his head. "Shit!" said video-Tommy, "dad's gonna kill me!" The camera moved from Tommy's face to the scraps of black plastic on the ground. Off camera, the video version of me was sniggering to himself. Or myself, I suppose. When the video ended, neither of us said anything. Tommy wasn't smiling now, his face had gone white as a sheet. I turned to face him, expected we'd share the same look, but he wasn't even looking at me. He was looking over my shoulder. Confused, I twisted to see what he was staring at. On the ground, beneath the spot he'd jumped from, was four shards of black plastic guttering. My eyes trailed upwards to the roof. Right at the spot we'd just seen video-Tommy catch with his shoe, a jagged hole was missing from the guttering. Neither of us spoke for a while, but when Tommy did, it was in a quiet, raspy voice. "Can you send me that video please?" *(to be continued.)* Http://reddit.com/r/RJHuntWrites 