
"Wave is off, telemetry looks good across the board." Magic, it seemed, could cause technology to fail. Certain 'clever' wizards from a *particularly* nasty faction bent on destroying nonmagical humans- "Moogles", apparently, though I could not have guessed where they got *that* name from- had though that if they disabled technology, us "moogles" wouldn't be able to fight back. "Got a blip in the wave, passing on the coordinates to targeting." Wizards, it seemed, could be *really* stupid. "Satellite 37-61 will be in position in three minutes. Impact in six." Wizards, apparently, had been more or less stuck about four or five hundred years in the past since...well, *since*. "Rods away. Impact in three." It did not exactly make for a balanced war, if one side had magic, and the other had to rely on fallible technology. No, it wasn't fair in the *least*. "Impact in 30 seconds, found another blip. Forwarding coordinates to targeting." Because relying on magic apparently meant never learning to *think*. It wasn't much harder to track technology failing than it was to track it succeeding, which meant these 'clever' wizards had very helpfully painted giant targets on anything and everything they considered important enough to protect. And while shutting off technology did *limit* our potential strike options... It wasn't as though we suffered from any lack of solutions. I watched as the screen showed a satellite view of a secluded moor turning into a violent hellscape in an instant, as titanium rods dropped from space annihilated whatever installation these "Death Feeders" had there. The lack of boots on the ground *was* frustrating, as far as gathering intelligence on our foes, but they had seemed *entirely* incapable of actually coming up with clever ideas that might actually work. There *had* been a few high level people getting offed by teleporting assassins, early on, but the liberal coverage of their movements by hidden snipers killed a bunch of wizards, and dissuaded the rest. In a frustrating failure of intelligence, it sounded *conceivable* that the snipers had actually gotten *all* of our opponents, that the orbital bombardment was a waste of time. We didn't have firm numbers, but it sounded like our foes numbered in the hundreds, at the most. Still, as a wise man once said: "There is no overkill. There is only 'Open fire' and 'I need to reload.'" "Satellite 24-15 will be in position over the next target in two minutes. Impact in five." The operation carried on. 