
As Lyle refreshed the active user count for the tenth time in the last five minutes, there came a knock at the door. Lyle watched his growing collection of users with wide eyes. Over 150,000 downloads in less than a week. It was amazing, astounding, far more successful than Lyle had ever dreamed. Another knock at the door, louder this time, bookended by a kind of rasping noise against the wood. Lyle ignored it, hoping whoever it was would go away. Instead, Lyle set his mind to some basic calculations. 150,000 users averaging 2 minutes per session, with half a penny in advertising revenue for every thirty seconds of engagement. That was two cents per session or $3,000 for every 150,000 sessions. With most users averaging five sessions a day that meant Lyle had made more money in the last hour than he had all of last year. Enjoying the headrush Lyle smiled to himself. "Plus 150,000 fresh souls," he said to himself jokingly. The user agreement for the app included a small line in the very middle of the sixty-page legal document - very tongue in cheek. The line said that anyone who used the app thereby relinquished their souls to Lyle for all eternity. It was just Lyle being Lyle, a little nonsense joke added after another three-night red bull bender. For a third time, there was a knock at the door - three angry slams of a what must have been humongous fists. Lyle felt those knocks in his chest. "Hey, get lost! I'm not interes..." The front door exploded inward, shattering into a thousand pieces and spraying across the room. Several of the pieces were on fire, the rest quickly turned into red-hot embers and burned fiercely for just a moment before being reduced to ash. A creature stood in Lyle's doorway. Gigantic and bright red, hunched over so as to fit inside of Lyle's small apartment with its seven-foot ceilings. The creature's skin was an ever-changing amalgam of the skins of every frightening creature on earth. It shifted in texture constantly, now the thick patchwork of alligator hide, now the thin scales of a snake, now the hairy carapace of a spider. It walked on two massive muscular legs with monstrous clawed toes on the ends of colossal feet. It's sharp-horned, huge head wore a perpetual cheekbony scowl, and eyes of hot coals stared out with pure malice at Lyle. Where the creature stepped the ground was incinerated, such that it left a trail of pitch black footprints in its wake beneath a prehensile red tail. The creature was naked and frighteningly well endowed. Satan walked right up to Lyle, looked down at him in his cheap rolling chair, and said in a basso profundo voice. "Dude, are you Lyle?" Lyle swallowed a lump. "Uh, yes?" "The same Lyle who released that stupid mobile game? Strategenes or something?" Lyle was sweating. Profusely. "Uh, Strategenius, but, uh, yes." Satan blew sulfur fumes out of his nostrils. The gas wafted down to Lyle who coughed and waved them away with a hand. "Can I help you, uh, man?" Lyle asked, shaking visibly. Satan stood up straight, boring a hole in the ceiling with his body. Old Ms. Makenzie was up there on her bathrobe screaming now. Satan looked down at Lyle with a terrible, fell glare of wrath and Lyle despaired for he knew he was doomed. "Yeah, dude. You can give me my soul back!" Lyle took a beat. "I'm sorry?" "My soul man, you took my soul. I downloaded that stupid app and played that stupid game and now you've got my soul, asshole. And I need it back." Satan tapped his foot anxiously. The absurd reality of the situation dawned on Lyle as he sat there staring up at Satan. The clause worked. Not only had it worked, not only did he now own 150,000 souls and counting, he owned one of the two most important souls in the entire universe. Satan coughed meekly. "Hey, dude, come on, I really need it. This isn't funny." But Lyle disagreed. "I disagree," Lyle said, and then laughed out loud. ****** #### For More Legends From The Multiverse ## r/LFTM 