
I had no idea what the numbers meant. I blinked and rubbed my eyes, but they wouldn't go away. A lot of younger kids, even some teenagers, had numbers in the 20s. A few middle aged people walked by, with almost all of their numbers around 40 or 50. I saw a homeless man huddled next to a trash can with 80 above his head. What were these? I looked up and saw a skull above my head. Why was it not a number, like everyone else? I began walking down the street when I saw another skull in the distance. I got closer and closer to the skull when the person it belonged to emerged from the crowd-- a teenage boy. His eyes grew wide as he saw me and he grabbed my hand. "Come with me," he whispered. I didn't question him and I followed him around a corner and into a small park. We stopped under a tree. "The numbers," he said. "Has anyone explained them to you?" "Uh... no. I just started seeing them today," I said. He looked around nervously, as if he was afraid someone was watching. "Have you seen anyone else with a skull above their head?" I shook my head. "Th-The numbers are how many skulls they've killed." I scoffed. "You... you're kidding, right?" He shook his head. "They c-can't see the numbers. But when they reach 100, they get a special prize. I don't know what it is and I-I don't plan to find out." "So... everyone with a number has killed somebody?" I asked incredulously. "Yeah, unfortunately. They seek out skulls like us by getting to know them and then killing them when they figure out their personalities. Our goal is just to... survive." He paused. I could tell he was getting more and more nervous by the second. "I haven't seen another skull in 5 years. I-I thought I was the only one left in the city." "I just moved here with my boyfriend," I explained. "I need to go." "Be careful," he warned. "Please." I smiled politely at him and walked away towards my apartment. By this time, I was sure my boyfriend was home from work. I tried to ignore the numbers the best I could and I got home quickly. As I unlocked the apartment door, I became confused. None of the lights were on. My boyfriend should have been home, but he wasn't. "Max?" I called out. "Are you home yet?" The door slammed behind me, and I jumped. Max stood in front of the now closed door. I couldn't believe what I saw. "Hey, sweetie," he said, closing in on me. I knew the look on my face gave it all away. "What's wrong?" He reached to hug me, and even though I saw the knife in his hand, I let him. I was too scared to pull away. He pulled my head against his shoulder, and gently said "Tell me about your day." I wanted to forget it. But I saw it. His number was 99. 