
It's so very shortsighted, to be so very tender, and starting fights with things so very, very *sharp*. Escorting was a noble man's profession. These dungeons were mean parts, dark parts, and the less meaty one who'd called for my help was wearing *cloth* of all things. A pointy hat and slinking robes. They didn't make any sense, the meaty ones, to cover such effective and strong armour in meat and skin and *nerves*. Nerves! A slight prick from my rusty sword and they'd be helping and reeling, if their clothes were to catch light they would jump and scream; if the hollow knight standing between them and the doorway were to thrust out his gauntlet, and drag his pointed metal fingers down their precious pink faces, they'd holler and wail and stop attacking all together. Why do they take to fighting with such obvious design flaws? Then most meaty of the meaty ones, a muscles bare chested brute with an axe in his hand, points forward. I'm already moving in that direction of course, zig-zagging across the room watching as the Hollow Knights helmet turns to watch me walk. When I reach the center, my feet take against the ground and I rush toward him with sword raised, clearing the distance in a frenzied flash - the Knight goes for his broad sword, raising it above his right shoulder and swing it down toward his left foot, cutting a line of destruction through the air. He catches me across the base of my neck, and shatters me to pieces. His sword raised slowly, back into its resting position with its point fixed on the ground. His hands resting upon it. Bare chested meatbag make some noises, his hand tenses around his axe. Slowly my bones slink back together and lock into place, I rise up to my feet and reattach my skull. The Hollow Knight turns to me, and I thrust forward. The next room I march into, the meaty ones shuffling cowardly behind me. They're so damn *slow*, constantly having to worry about things getting inside of them, messing with their organs. Organs! Imagine! The meat bags dive as arrows rush through the room, from left to right. I feel the reverberations of one being plented into my skull and I snap the shaft off, the rest have passed through. Well armoured and a small target? Talk about min-maxing, Mr Muscle over there behind me would've been riddled as a barn door. I look down and sure enough a small plate rests under my right foot, which I lift to depress it. "There's traps!" I would say, if I had any meaty bits, but I settle on shoving a finger toward the ground, staring at the fleshy ones as I do. Then, and slowly, I draw the finger up to my neck and cut a line across where my throat would be. The meaty ones look horrified, frozen in place. This was going to take forever if they were feeling this squishy. With great effort, I lift up the hand once more and bend my thumb and pointer finger to touch each other, raising up my rest to be straight next to the newly formed circle. After some hesitation, the clothy-one sends back to gesture. Satisfied, I snap myself back around and behind marching on the next door. My skull shakes and I snap another arrow shaft off, turning back to check on my party. The meaty-chest-axe-man has a fat fleshy foot pushed into a lowered stone plate. If I could breathe I would sigh. 