
Brian assumed it was porn, because the folder was named DONOTCLICK and was hidden inside seventeen other folders that all read DONOTCLICK like a Matryoshka doll of digital shame. But alas, what was hidden in his brother Dave's computer was not porn, but a collection of videos of himself staring at the camera. Brian studied the thumbnails and then clicked one at random. *"Hi,"* his brother's face said, against a white background. *"My name is Dave and, if you're watching this, they've killed me."* Brian frowned. He raised the volume. *"The lizard people are real. The president is one of them. I have unveiled their secret, and for that they are after me. Like I said, if you're watching this, they caught me, and they're going to come for you next, so you have to listen carefully. You need to -"* "What is going on?" Brian turned back and found Dave staring at him from the door. His brother's eyes went from him to the computer screen, and then he froze. "Where did you find this?" "Where I thought I was going to find porn," Brian said. "What the fuck is this, Dave?" Dave rushed to the computer. "This is private!" "No, no." Brian, who was much stronger than his younger brother, quickly stepped in front and defended the computer. "You're explaining this." "I have nothing to explain." Brian turned back and quickly clicked another video. "What is this? A series of videos on lizard people? Are you one of *those* guys?" "No, Brian, I -" The next video played. Same as the first, Dave facing the screen: "*Hi. My name is Dave and, if you're watching me, the aliens have landed and I'm dead."* "What the fuck..." "Brian, please, I -" Brian clicked a third one, fighting his brother off with his free arm. *"Hi. My name is Dave and, if you're watching this, then it means that the zombies have taken me already." Brian paused. "All right, you're gonna have to explain this, Dave." Dave sighed and gave up trying to reach the computer. "Okay, okay. So, I recently got really into conspiracy theories..." "... and?" "And I figured... I know they're not *all* true, but at least one has got to be, right?" "... okay...." "So I decided to make goodbye videos for all of them, just in case." Brian laughed and shook his head. "Seriously!?" "Don't laugh!" "Oh, God, Dave!" Brian clicked another video: *"Hi. My name is Dave. If you're watching this, then it means that Bigfoot really does have internet access and found out about my research on him. I beg you to tell my family that --* *"My name is Dave, and if you're watching this, Stanley Kubrick did indeed fake the moon landing. And not only that, he faked his own death too apparently, because I'm dead.*" *"My name is Dave and, if you're watching this, I fell off the edge of the flat Earth. Who knew!?"* "*Hi. My name is Dave and I have discovered the reason they sell hot dogs and buns in different quantities. If you're watching this, the ketchup industry has had me killed already."* "*Hi, I'm Dave and I have uncovered a conspiracy involving the television show Jackass, Smirnoff Vodka and the orthopedic cast industry."* Brian couldn't stop laughing. "Jesus Christ, Dave... this is insane!" "Yeah, well... one of these is bound to be right. And then when we get killed I'll have a video explaining everything and you won't." "I'm sorry, Dave, but there's no way in hell any of these are *ever* going to happen. I mean, listen to this!" He clicked a random video. Dave's face popped up again onscreen: *"Hi. My name is Dave and if you're watching this, then I am already dead. I have recently discovered that my brother and I are actually characters in a prompt response on Reddit with no real free will or drive. The author, a low-life degenerate by the name psycho_alpaca, is a known literary fraud who can never finish his stories properly without killing everyone in the scene, so I fear that my time is short. I need anyone who is watching this to --"* Brian paused the video and stared at Dave, all laughter forgotten. Dave took a step back, panting. His eyes went wide. "Oh my God..." Brian said, slowly. "You don't think -" But then they died, and the last video on Dave's computer mysteriously vanished before anyone found it. ______ */r/psycho_alpaca for more on how not to finish stories. Thanks for reading =)* 