
I wasn't even Russian! How did I wind up here? Although everybody spoke perfect English, it was definitely Soviet here, and grandly so; I had arrived on a 20-story train. I was led from the tall train by a young and skinny guard in a crisp-looking uniform. Towering over us were sky-scraping, Moscow baroque buildings, reaching upwards towards an eternally red sky. I could smell the soot in the air from the gigantic train, and the exhaust from the huge buses on the busy, noisy streets. My mouth was already agape and I was still staring up at the alien, yet familiar (yet foreign) sight of a dark red sky when I finally spoke. "Uhh. So this isn't Russia, is it?" The young soldier was walking briskly in front of me, but turned so I could see the smile on his face as he answered, "No. It is in fact," and he turned his head upwards to gaze at the blood red clouds, "hell. "or used to be, at least." We continued in silence for a few moments after that, walking at what was almost a jog. Hell? Huh. I opened my mouth to say something, then closed it, hurried my pace a bit to catch-up to the guard and finally asked, "So exactly what did I do to come here? I mean, why am I in hell?" At that question the guard stopped immediately, startling me, forcing me to take a step back. A smile crossed the guard's face, as though he was going to tell a joke. He shook his head, looked directly at me and answered, "You were a capitalist! Why else would you be here? Now come, follow me." "Capitalist!? I wasn't a capitalist!" I said, confused and indignant. I stood where I was. The guard turned toward me, clasped his hands behind his back and looked downward, as if he were addressing the floor. "You were a cashier at an American clothing chain, owned by a famous capitalist." "But I was just a worker!" I said, holding my hands out pleadingly. "I didn't make investments or anything." The guard let out a frustrated exhale and turned his attention to his clipboard. He flipped back and forth through the thick stack of papers and then returned the clipboard under his arm. "You had a 401k," the guard said matter-of-factly. "That is an investement vehicle; therefore, capitalist. Come this way please." I rolled my eyes at the crimson...heavens?..above me. Well, what choice did I have? I followed the guard. After a short ride on a gigantic bus, we stepped off at our destination. I was immediately awestruck by the site before me; a building the size of a mountain, clouds licking the upper floors, its width must have been miles. "This," the soldier said proudly, "is The People's New Grand Kremlin Palace of the Soviet Underworld Republic." "Impressive," I said, impressed. "So is this like where the prince of hell lives? Why did he go with the whole retro Soviet vibe though?" "Prince!" the guard seemed shocked. "No, no, no comrade. No prince any more! We have Premier Joseph Stalin, the great conqueror of hell and the establisher of our fair and great society!" "You guys beat hell?" Now I was truly amazed. "Well yes, it wasn't hard for Russians," the guard explained proudly, but somehow causually. "But they have demons and must have tortured you!" "Tortured!" The guard laughed. "They thought they knew torture!" "But the armies of hell..." The guard cut me off, holding up his hand. "...couldn't last through a spring shower in the motherland. We endured them like we were waiting in a bread line. Patiently, and with great tolerance." "I don't believe it, isn't the devil, and aren't his hoards, immortal?" I had disbelief in hell. "Well, yes. But so are we comrade." I hadn't considered that. The guard continued, "We defeated them by just being able to endure more. And now, after we defeated them, all the host of hell work in this very building! There is much administrative paperwork to do in a communist paradise like hell. "Now, come with me and we will get you registered for your new life in Soviet hell." And so I followed the guard into the colossal mega-Kremlin, walking under five hundred meter portraits of The Premier of the Soviet Underworld Republic (good old uncle Joe) and into the registration area where demons awaited to take my name, my fingerprints, and my portraits for my papers. 