
I glared at those insolent scum as they sat with their feet on the table, kicked back in their chairs, eating the burgers I had been ordered to deliver to them. It wasn't easy getting this internship and my mom keeps saying to just duck my head and do my job and maybe that way I'll find my place on the team. But each day I'm more and more convinced that all I should do is erase that team, and most of the people around me while I'm at it. Still, it pays, unlike most of the other internships out there where you sign a contract for voluntary slave labor. "Quit daydreaming and get me another coffee," Dayman bellows. His superpowers come to light with the sun and he destroys villains as he prances around in his ridiculous Spandex and nonsensical theme song. "My coffee is cold. Can you make it boil?" Nightman asks and they all erupt into boisterous laughter. Funny. No, I can't. As they found out during the interview. These two guys harness the power of night and day; the others harness fire and fleas and random elements and bugs to save the city from certain doom and all I can do is boil water. My measly power is boiling water. So I go to the Keurig and I serve them another coffee and I seethe in silence as they pour it on the carpet. "Clean it, bitch," Fireman yells. They all keep laughing. I drown them out. But my temper is nearing a breaking point, and Sun Tzu's teachings can only take me so far. "Know the enemy and know yourself," I tell myself each morning when I enter the office. It was on the top floor of the priciest plot of real estate in the whole city. Of course it was. They claimed it was so they could better see where the city needed them but I think they just enjoyed pissing off the top floor. They'd be cackling a different tune when I boiled their piss inside them. That had been my plan all along. I would lay low until I identified their habits, learned their ways and how their powers could interfere with mine. And then, once all was ready, my dream would finally come true. I would become the most villainous villain of all time. The MVV, as I like to call it. I tell people it's a Roman Numeral when they ask me about that tattoo. They think I'm an idiot because apparently it's not 1010. I tell them it's because I want to be the tenth member of their crew. We'll see what they can say once their saliva boils in their mouth and they turn into a little heap of boiled mush. Finally I snapped. It wasn't according to the plan, but I couldn't take it anymore. Fireman felt it first, that little burning in his urethra. Moments later he was screaming in agony as the water from his mouth to the other end all started to boil at once. Did you know humans are 70% water? I was about to see 70% of these scummy heroes boil. I glared as they screamed and begged me to stop. Now they could see who really had the power. Fleaman couldn't jump away from me and Fireman couldn't harness any fire when the fire was inside him. Nightman had no night to fight in and Dayman couldn't sing when his mouth was boiling. Iceman just melted completely. I should have expected that. Somebody would have to replace the carpet. And then there was silence, and they lay in soupy heaps on the floor. My first attempt at using my powers had made a bit of a mess, but I didn't think I would need to worry about the cleanup. That was a concern for a superhero, not for the Most Villainous Villain. I left the building, wishing I could make it explode in the background like a villain in one of those Michael Bay movies. Instead, I just made all the water inside boil and all those poor, innocent people exploded instead. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 