
They used to laugh at her. Being an outcast, Adreal had never had an easy life. She was never into the typical girly things, reading old books and constantly browsing weird websites, people called her a witch and freak. She loved music though. It made her feel alive and let her feel like she mattered even if it was just in three and a half minute snippets. Musical note's were her first ink, once she turned 18 and didn't need to get permission from her mom and Jerry, her step-dad. Her second tattoo was a clock on her left shoulder. She got it after her friend Jason got hit by a drunk driver her sophomore year of college. It helped her remember that time was fleeting, everyone's time comes and usually not when you would expect. After his passing Adreal turned to stories and fantasy to get her through. She became obsessed with Lovecraft stories and magical fantasies, frequently getting small tattoos of characters or creatures from the stories she held so dearly. She hadn't been home since graduating high-school, choosing to leave her past behind her. Her mother needed her help though, Jerry had been diagnosed with cancer and her mom had become a recluse. After 10 years of being away Adreal returned to her childhood home as memories came flooding back to her. From getting made fun of on her walk's to school, to passing by the pizza place where the owner would sneak her a slice when he suspected she got her lunch thrown out by the bullies. *Knock, knock, knock.* "Adreal!!" "Hi mom," she sheepishly smiled, "been a while." "Sweetie, I am so glad you're here. Jerry is going to be thrilled to see you!" Tears began to fill her eyes. "How's he doing?" Adreal had never been fond of Jerry, after her dad had left her Jerry attempted to fill that void. In Jerry's defense he didn't do anything wrong or worthy of Adreal not liking him, but she didn't think that Jerry would ever replace her real father. She was quite frankly a jerk to him growing up, always arguing and yelling at him, when all Jerry did was support her. "He's okay. I told him you might stop by and his smile lit up the house again," she ushered Adreal into the living room where Jerry was sitting in his wheelchair hooked up to an IV. "Look who came to visit love!" Before Jerry could respond a bright flash caused everyone to cover their eyes. A burning sensation on Adreal's shoulder cause her to yell in pain and collapse. After what felt like an eternity she regained her composure and stood up apologizing for yelling, except she was met with silence. Looking around it appeared as if time had frozen. Reaching back to touch her shoulder she noticed in the reflection of the hallway mirror that her clock tattoo had seared through her shirt and appeared to be glowing. Thinking about the tattoo seemed to make it stop glowing and both her mom and Jerry move again. "What was that," whispered Jerry. "I don't know Jerry," began Adreal, "but I think I know how to give you and mom some more time together." Resting a hand on both of their shoulders she smiled. "I'm sorry that I was such a pain growing up. You did more for me than you will ever know. Thank you dad." Closing her eyes one last time as a tear trickled down her cheek, she thought about her tattoo one last time, as time stood still. ----- Thank you for the prompt! I am always looking for any constructive criticism to improve my writing. I know that this kinda seemed rushed but I hope you enjoy! r/PlopWrites 