
"Amy," said Death to the lady, "It is time for us to leave." Amy's face went pale and her eyes began to well. "Not now, please," she whispered. *Begged*. "Not now." "It is your time Amy," Death answered. His deep voice ran like a cold chill through Amy's bones. Tears trickled down her cheeks; she placed her hands over her stomach protectively. "My waters burst," she said, more to herself than to Death, "My baby's coming." Death looked at her swollen stomach and then at the puddle on the floor. A part of him he'd thought long since dead began to awake. For the first time in Death's existence, he doubted. "I'm sorry, Amy, but there can be no exceptions." He raised an arm and pointed a long, bony finger towards her. An ancient golden ring adorned it. "You must come with me." "Please. I will come freely after, but *please* - don't take my child. She's not even lived, yet. *Please.*" Death's outstretched arm trembled. "I take life, not give it," said Death, but his voice trembled in doubt, just as his arm. Amy doubled over in pain, then fell back, sliding down against the wall. "Ellie," she said through clenched teeth. "That's her name. Ellie." Death lowered his head. He had thought the part of him that had once been human had long since rotted away. But he had been wrong. While *Death* had been festering, *it* had been waiting for a moment like this. "If I help you, I will no longer..." His voice trailed off, and whatever thought he had was quickly banished. He leaned down and gently picked Amy up. He carried her to her bed; she yelled out in pain as sweat mingled indistinguishably with tears. He gently lay her down, before removing his dark robe and placing it over her. He tucked a pillow underneath her head, and went to the kitchen to get a wet cloth. When he returned, Amy was holding out a hand; he tenderly took it in his. Amy squeezed Death's hand tightly all the while. Hours passed, but eventually Ellie's crown poked out and Death helped deliver her into the world. He held her for a moment longer than necessary, before passing her over to Amy. Amy kissed Ellie on the forehead and smiled through the tears. If Amy had been able to look away from Ellie, she might have caught Death briefly smiling, too. --- It was Amy's mother, Martha, who found Ellie late that evening. She had let herself in after no one had answered the bell. She'd found the baby wrapped in a large black rag, next to Amy's body. An ancient, golden ring lay besides them. The coroner said Amy had been dead for some hours - a rupture, he called it. But Martha knew that couldn't have been the case - she *couldn't* have been dead that long. The baby had been happy and content when she'd found it. And, she suspected, recently fed. Martha was sure she'd been cared for all the way up until she'd been found. --- More of my stories on: /r/nickofnight (next ten subs get free mug: c[] ) Thanks for the great prompt! 