
"When love knocks, you open the door." That's what my mother used to say. The story of how she met my dad and married him is the kind of love story you see in the movies. I know it by heart. When I was a kid, she used to tell that story to anyone who would listen. They met in college. Everything about them was different: values, lifestyle, wealth status, you name it. But opposites attract and so did they. They fought with their parents and when that didn't work out, they eloped. Whenever I asked my mother how she knew he was the one she'd say, "When love knocks, you open the door." She still tells that story to anyone who would listen, even after what he did to her. True love. She hangs on to that idea and wraps herself around it like a wallflower. In all fairness it was a good love story, until it wasn't. Until the bruises, which came in her life like unwelcomed guests, found a permanent place in our house. They left only when he did. These days she tries not to think too much about them. But I still liked that quote. So much that I used it in my wedding vows. It was also my first thought when I met him ten years ago. He was rough around the edges but he was a charming man. And to be honest he still is, to the outsiders at least. We fell in love harder than anyone I know. I fell for him like hard rain. He fell for me like a tall building. Now the love is gone. There is only routine. Bottles of alcohol filling up our house with the smell of a failed man. The hand that I held ten years ago to a slow dance now moves too fast for me to duck. And tonight is the worst of them all. I am in the bathroom with my hand on the wound, my face shivering with tears. He is in the living room walking back and forth, the way he usually does before boiling out. I need to get out of here, at least for tonight. I am not strong enough to handle what is coming next. His footsteps come closer. A knock on the door. I wait. I hear nothing. He knocks again. I put my hand on my mouth to stop myself from screaming. And then he speaks, in a whisper. "When love knocks, you open the door." 