
"Anything?" Detective Phillips asks with a tired edge to his voice. Next to him stands another suspect, another person picked up under some pretense and brought in for me to see. I stare at the man from the comfort of an old office chair that apparently had padding made of rough stones. Shifting my weight for the eighteenth time, I momentarily see myself through the stranger's eyes. This is how it starts. I like to call it the empathic chain reaction. First, I become them for a split second--seeing what they see, hearing what they hear--before reaching inside for their most closely guarded secret. *A cluttered kitchen. Pots and pans, all with heavy scrims of grease and grime, lay on counters next to tilting pillars of plates and other dirty dishes. I (he) moves toward a large crock pot and lifts the glass lid. A puff of condensation rises in the air as the beads of sweat drip from the lid onto the floor. I hear them splatter on the kitchen floor. The sour sick smell of death invades the room from the small pot. The water inside is a black goop with a still body inside. I see a collar floating up at the surface with a barely legible name: Sprinkles.* Just as I (he) dips a hand into the fetid mess, I stop the vision. Back in my own body, my skin feels cold and damp with sweat. My neck is tight with the need to hold back my lunch. "It's not him," I manage to say. "But you might want to check around his neighborhood; people who've had their pets go missing." Phillips shakes his head and shoves the guy in the shoulder, leading him away. "Really scraping the bottom of the goddamned barrel now." Detective Wilson, sitting next to me, places a hand on my arm. She looks into my eyes, with that way of hers, as if her super power is to put people at ease with a look and a touch. "You okay to go on?" I say a need a minute. Phantom smells from that last man's kitchen linger and I need to move around, get the feel that I'm back in my own body. Sometimes it can be difficult when a vision is as vivid as the last one. "You," she says in a timid voice. "You've never used that trick of yours on me, have you?" "No," I lie. I could never bring myself to confess that I've been in that dimly lit hospital room, waiting for my (her) daughter's long suffering to just end already. The guilt of knowing how selfish I (she) was in that moment to wish such a thing. "We've done thousands of these," she says and picks up several polaroids. Each one contains a face of a recent suspect. Underneath, in the white section, written in neat black marker, a sentence or two describing the secrets that I've uncovered. "Big score on this guy," she says, holding up 'A. Johnson'. "Likes to lick public door knobs." "Carry hand-sanitizer with me at all times since," I say. A weak smile breaks over my face, but then I see the collar in the crock pot in my mind's eye and the good humor dies a quick death. Reading the room perfectly, knowing I need a distraction, Wilson holds up another. "Or take this woman--likes to steal used nappies from her neighbor's bin." I can't help but laugh from the British turn of phrases she often uses. Nappies and bins, I think, what a cute way to describe such a disgusting vision. I didn't mention to Phillips and Wilson what the woman did with those nappies, that she liked to strap them onto her baby dolls that she kept around the house, pretending they were real so she could change them later as she sang theme songs to various television shows. Wilson next holds up a photo of a well-groomed man. Dark hair cut short with a trim beard along a strong jaw. The name he'd given was simply the letter B. Try as they might, they couldn't get so much as a second initial. "Graffiti artist." Wilson turns the polaroid to her face and raises an appreciative eyebrow. "You say he's the famous guy, likes to do those artsy paintings around town?" "It's what I saw, yeah." I remember feeling that, although he was a vandal, it had been so wholesome compared to all the others. Creating art along a slab of drab concrete or a crumbling overpass. "I can still recall the fluid way I (he) moved my (his) arm, spraying the--" "What?" Wilson sets the photo down, uncrosses her legs, and leans forward. "Howie, what is it?" "The vision--the Opening of the Heavens--he'd painted it across the street from the Mercury Theatre." My heart is racing from the realization. "The first bombing." Her chair clatters to the floor as she jumps to her feet. Wilson races to the wall where a map of the city has been hung. Yellow background with blue streets criss-cross in all directions. Black thumb tacks indicate all of the recent attacks. Wilson's finger drags along the paper, connecting each tack. She whispers a title each time, "Motherless Future. The Human Zoo. Water for Deserts." She turns to me and then over at the polaroid. It's where she left it, on her desk. For the first time I notice the small smirk on B's face. Was he trying to tell us something then; the hidden truth behind his street art. "Didn't the paper say they've found a new installation outside Metro Station?" I ask. "The one with the giant bees holding rifles?" Her eyes go wide. "Killer bees." 