
It all started when Dominos offered free pizza for life. All you had to do was get a tattoo of their logo. The size required was two inches by four inches and in a visible location. It was limited to the first 20,000 that submitted proof. This only took 17 minutes to fill. Five hours later when Dominos announced the limit had been reached, more than 400,000 souls were already walking around branded with the red and blue. Occasionally you would see someone with a partial logo. They found out the contest was over mid tattoo and just got up and walked away. Fifty years ago this would have been absurd. But by 2050 the wealth gap had become so large that the majority of the population lived in poverty. Around 35% of families lived on the brink of starvation, only surviving by the Corporate Food Subsistence Program. The CFSP was formed by a handful of fast-food companies when government food programs like food stamps went bankrupt. Elected government had all but disappeared entirely. The corporations ran everything, and they had to give back just enough to prevent any meaningful uprising. This is how Brian Reynolds came up with the idea for the tattoo program. He was the VP of marketing for Dominos and saw the opportunity to get free advertising space on people they were giving CFSP to anyways. The success of the program earned him a fat bonus and secured his name in the history 'pedias. But as with any corporate success it was immediately copied and slightly modified by every other company. The first was Starbucks, requiring the green mermaid to be tattooed on the forehead. It wasn't limited in the number of participants but only provided free black coffee, no sugar or other additives. Such a smashing success that some entrepreneuring tattoo artists even set up at Starbucks locations offering tattoos before you got in line to order. Then things started to go deeper. McDonalds offered free food to any child whos given name was a menu item, until the age of eighteen. Dubbed the McName, this program was so popular that when you gave birth at a hospital they gave you a copy of the McName Acceptable Names. Schools had to start calling children by assigned numbers because every time a teacher called out something like "BigMac" several would answer. It became standard for these numbers to be placed as a middle name on official identification. The gas giant Conoco started offering 1 credit every time you started a phone conversation with the "Conoco - Fueling the Future". This spun into an entire spoken advertising economy. People had apps that popped up showing the highest paying slogan to answer the phone with. Then it evolved into things you could say between every sentence. It wasn't uncommon to hear a phone conversation that went like: "Hello, Big O Tires - don't kill your family with neglect. This is McMuffin 892 Nelson." "Sssss Victorias Secret Sale Starts Saturday. Hunny this is mum, don't forget to pick up dinner tonight." "Yeah mom, you always remind me -- BUY HARLEY DAVIDSON -- sorry for the yell that was a payout I really needed. Love you" "....you have been charged 50 credits by the Hallmark Corporation for the use of the trademarked phrase 'love you'. You can get a refund of this credit for agreeing to deliver cards for 3 hours this Saturday. Press one to accept....." "Shit" &#x200B; Now it is 2106 and only the oldest remember a time before head tattoos and ridiculous corporate names. For the last two generations, this is just the normal state of the world. They will never understand what was lost. &#x200B; &#x200B; 