
Ayers Rock is famous for many reasons: as an Aboriginal holy site, as a milestone marking the center of a continent, or simply as a bloody large rock in the middle of a very flat desert. To those in the know, it has a very different significance. Everyone thinks they know the history of Australia. A forgotten continent, populated by all manner of creatures weird and wonderful. Kangaroos. Captain Cook. Convicts. But this is merely what those in the know want you to think. Similarly, when 49 heavily armed alien spaceships entered the Solar System and demanded immediate surrender from both Earth and Callista, most of Earth's inhabitants assumed that this was the first time that such an event had occurred. The Callistan's were not so ignorant, and immediately retreated into the bunkers that they'd long held ready. In the United States, established cults immediately began proclaiming that this was the long-prophesized end of times, and everyone else blamed the President. In China, the government attempted to censor all mention of the aliens until the beings in question simply bypassed the Great Firewall and directly invaded their minds with the ease of a modern Genghis Khan. In Russia, they merely shook their heads and rolled their eyes. In Australia, the Prime Minister's urgent conference call with his top generals was interrupted by a soft knock on the door. "Not now, dammit. I'm busy." The knock came again. "What the hell is it?" The door opened and a slender woman smiled at the Prime Minister. He had a sudden feeling that things were going to be alright now that she was here. He rubbed his face irritably. What a ridiculous notion. "Prime Minister, I've been assigned to you from the Atlantis Protocol." "Never heard of it." "Of course not," she said, smiling as if this were perfectly understandable. "We're classified." "If you were, I'd have heard of you. Now get out. I've got a country to save." She stood their patiently, her smile not wavering. "I'm afraid we're classified above Head of State level." "Dave, I'll call you back," the Prime Minister said into the phone, and replaced the receiver. "Explain yourself. Who are you, and how did you get in here? You say you're assigned to me? What's that, some kind of aide?" She laughed. "How quaint. No, I'm afraid I'm a little more than your aide. I'm here to inform you that your lease has been terminated, effective immediately." "Lease?" "Do try to keep up, Prime Minister, we don't have a lot of time. Your lease on Atlantis." "Atlantis as in the mythical Greek city that sunk beneath the waves?" "A convenient fiction," she said. "Atlantis as in the Advanced Terran Laser And Nuclear Threat Incapacitation System." "And this thing is in Australia?" "No Prime Minister. It *is* Australia." She waved a hand towards the window. The Prime Minister suddenly realized that wisps of white mist were drifting past his window. That's funny, he thought, we don't get fog in Canberra. Then he had a sudden panic that this was some alien weapon. Only when the room lurched suddenly, and the mist gave way to the brilliant blue of space, did he realize that they had been clouds. He turned to the woman. "What the hell?" "I'll explain on the way," she said. "Come. We need to get to the command center." "Where's that?" She gave him a funny look, her patience finally appearing to wear a little thin. "Where do you think? I believe you call it Ayers Rock. To us, it's always been Uluru." --- *Find more of my stories at* r/jd_rallage 