
The discovery that day was monumental. It was feared that, after the site fell into the hands of the Islamic State, it would be bulldozed or broken up and sold piece by piece on the black market. Thankfully for archaeology, it was not to be. A few months later, the researchers were wishing the terrorists had destroyed the whole damn thing and saved them the trouble. The site was called "The Temple of the Serpent". Supposedly a shrine in a town for Israelites and proto-Christians kicked out of Judea and Palestine, it was a religious complex buried under several feet of sand and rubble on the Syrian-Iraqi border. The artwork and architecture confused many - images of demons and angels working together and even copulating, Adam and Eve being expelled from Eden, a snake god everywhere. It was assumed that this serpent was the herald of Satan Mekratrig, the devil of the Abrahamic faiths. As shocking as this discovery was, however, it was the uncovering of a series of texts in ancient Greek that would shake the foundations of Western society as they knew it. The texts claimed that humans were not created by Yahweh, as claimed in Genesis, but rather the product of a relationship between a fallen angel named Araquiel and his succubus lover. Their copulation led to the first "human", Adam, with Eve being self-created by the succubus as a mate for their child. Yahweh feared what these humans were capable of, believing them to have the abilities of both angels and demons, so he stole them and put them in the Garden of Eden, telling them that they were his creations. But the serpent, sent by their true parents, sought to make them aware of the truth. But outright telling them would alert Yahweh immediately. So the snake took a roundabout approach: he told the humans to eat from the tree of knowledge, knowing with enough bites, the two humans would learn the truth and forge their own destiny, as their parents intended. However, as in Genesis, Adam and Eve were caught and expelled from Eden, cursed to never be able to leave the Earth via gravity. But the Cult of the Snake was formed, with the goal of working in the shadows to untap humanity's full potential and usher a new golden age for mankind. Most of the researchers dismissed the tale as yet another Gnostic conspiracy. There were enough Da Vinci Code-esque stories going around for one earth. Besides, every major religious organization would dismiss the findings as insignificant. Well, until the tombs of Adam and Eve were uncovered, alongside the skeleton of a large snake unlike any reptile known to man. 