
I high fived the archaeologist that dug up and opened my coffin. She was looking at me with a mouth open so wide it looked like she was having a hard time breathing. "I've been there, girl. I ran out of oxygen nine hundred and ninety nine years, three hundred and sixty four day, and sixteen hours ago." She screamed so loud that it felt like someone was stabbing my eardrum. "Whoa hey I'm sorry. Do people not high five anymore? That was big when I went under." More screams came from all around me. I looked past the girl to see a team of what appeared to be experts scrambling up out of the dig site and running as fast as they could away from me. "Well, I've made worse entrances," I said to myself. Everyone else was driving away now. Except their engines didn't sound right and the designs of the cars were very different from what I remembered. Suddenly one shot up into the sky and zoomed through the air. Getting as far from me as possible. "Hell yeah! There's flying cars now? Man this future is gonna be awesome!" I walked over to a pickaxe that had been dropped in the fleeing and held it in my hands. Its wooden handle was rough, and so very different. So very strange. I looked back at the coffin I was trapped inside of. Smooth black stone. Strange, I had forgotten its color so long ago. Right inside of it was the watch they had put in with me so i could always know just how long I had missed. Amazing technology to have run this long. I smashed it with the pickaxe. The stupid little piece of metal and leather broke with the most satisfying, most beautiful, most harmonious sound I'd have ever heard in my life. And the sound of the pickaxe breaking apart that damn stone coffin? Why I felt like a monkey in a banana farm. After a good long hour or so of destruction i threw the pickaxe down and marveled at my strength. I knew i was immortal but to have lied still for a thousand years with the slightest atrophy? My goodness Dr. Havershem was amazing. But she'd probably be dead by now. Unless she had managed to use the God-serum on herself before the catholic church stopped us. "Well," I said to myself and the broken rocks, "only one way to find out." And so I walked, wondering where the hell I would find any information on the old doc. 