
Bahn paced like he always did, slowly adding to the tracks worn several inches deep in the cold stone floor of his quarters. He couldn't hear the clicking of his clawed feet as he turned to make another pass. Bahn was deaf, the only deaf demon. Something had gone wrong in his creation- he was, after all, one of the first Satan had called into being. Being that he was deaf, he had never been summoned. His awesome powers lay hopelessly dormant, never tested. Satan had never given him any tasks himself because he'd never been bothered to learn sign language. Bahn knew there was a way to summon him, though in a thousand centuries no one had ever stumbled upon it. That is, until one warm spring day in southern Virginia. Mr. Connor was a first-year teacher. He'd graduated in the middle of his class the year before. He was teaching a special education class at a local elementary school with the help of Mrs. Garcia. Each student was unique and most were verbal, except for Jimmy. Jimmy was also deaf. Mrs. Garcia was fluent in American Sign Language and was helping Mr. Connor learn it. While practicing, Mr. Conner forgot a few signs so went with his gut. To his horror, and that of everyone else in the room, the floor began to rumble. With a loud pitch of indescribable qualities, Bahn was standing before the class. This was it. The moment he'd been waiting for his entire life! He'd finally been summoned! His excitement froze when he realized... he didn't quite know what to do. Something about destruction and enslavement? No, was it eternal torture? No, that was Satan's thing. He spied an open seat and slid into it to ponder what just happened. After a moment, he realized the two adults had approached him and were frantically trying to speak to him. Bahn sighed. Of course. They didn't know he was deaf. It would be a lot harder to torment them if they couldn't understand him, after all. A child was sitting in the seat next to him. Bahn had barely been aware of his presence til the little boy tapped his arm. Jimmy smiled when Bahn looked at him and signed "Are you deaf?". Bahn was ecstatic! He signed back that he was and asked if the boy was deaf as well. Jimmy confirmed and introduced himself. In his whole life no one had bothered to learn sign language to speak to him! Bahn was over the moon! Soon, Mrs. Garcia caught on and began signing with him too. She asked him lots of questions about who and what he was. Bahn answered, thrilled that someone wanted to know about him. She asked if she could translate to tell the class. Bahn agreed. After the most unusual class presentation, the bell rang and the students began gathering their things. Jimmy asked Bahn what he was going to do after school. Bahn didn't know- he hadn't thought about it. Mrs. Garcia invited him to her house for coffee and treats. Bahn gladly accepted. Maybe it wasn't the life of a regular demon, but Bahn decided to be good. He was even thinking of going to teachers' school so he could work at the deaf school up the road. Edit: WTF gold?! My first ever! Thank you! 