
It's one of those mornings. I know I'm going to be late for work, and even though I managed to get some coffee into a thermos before getting into the car, I didn't secure the top all the way. So then the damn thing sloshes all over the fucking console and some of it got onto my pant legs. Jenna from Marketing keeps bugging me for me to reach a deadline for a project I didn't even sign for, and half the assholes on my team keep trying to give me their extra bitch work because I'm the most junior member of the staff. And to top it all off, I can't speed. At all. Some say the new government may be a little harsh with their punishment. But most of the people all looked to the person to their right, nodded knowingly, and then bullshitted about how THEY never break any rules, how THEY always follow the law, and anyone bucking the system deserves what's coming to them. They seem like the kind of people who enjoy the smell of their own farts. It's a lot harder to keep track of your exact speed on those antiquated speedometers, you can't exactly keep your eye on the road and on your exact speed. So there are a few assholes going twenty under the limit, then those going the exact limit. Always above you, a constant broadcast high in the atmosphere. *ATTENTION CIVILIANS - SPEED LIMIT VIGOROUSLY ENFORCED* Sometimes the clouds obscure the message, and too many people go a little too fast. In big red letters. I wonder if any planes get confused by the laser projections from the ground? Above us, the usual swarm of defense drones. You know they're for defense because they have big yellow smiling faces on them, and they carry little banners behind them with encouraging little messages. *YOU CAN DO IT!* *BE THE BEST CITIZEN YOU CAN BE!* *DISSENT SHALL BE DEALT WITH SWIFTLY AND MERCILESSLY!* *PLEASE ONLY REPORT ACCIDENTS WITH MORE THAN SEVEN FATALITIES!* I'll assume the drones don't mess with air traffic. Or the lasers on the ground. The government always knows what they're doing. So I'm next to this school bus, and a wall of slow movers in the front are starting to cause a backup. I try to needle my way to the left lane, to pass. But now I realize they're going the exact speed limit. A school bus still is attempting the pass, rushing forward. A distant sound, like the *pop* of a T-shirt gun. The kind you see at college games. Next thing you know, the entire bus has burst into flames. But kids these days. They knew what they signed up for. Hopefully their parents have good insurance. Paying for corpse retrieval is a pretty hefty fee. Half the time they just scrape together some ash, shove it into a glass jar and say 'This is your kid. That'll be half of your yearly salary.' I hope they clear up the resulting crashes and corpses by tomorrow morning. This would be the third week in a row a school bus broke the rules and they take forever to get off the highway. Anyway I finally managed to get into the office, submitting to the usual rectal exam to confirm my identity. Government isn't a fan of key cards anymore. I paid $29.99 for elevator access. I save about fifteen bucks this way rather than using the stairs, where you have to pay for each step you take up. I get to my desk, pay the fee to log on, get up and pay another fee to get my second cup of coffee, and then got back to my desk. To pay for how many hours I'm planning on sitting at my desk. The day goes swimmingly, after eight hours of nonstop deliberation the entire project staff have agreed on the biggest update yet to the project. Something that shall truly define my work and give it great meaning. We're changing the official color of the project font from green to red. Go ahead. Pick your jaw off the floor. I went to school for six years to be qualified to make these kinds of decisions. I even managed to report Jenna for dissent, who will spend the next six months breaking rocks with a big hammer somewhere far away in a government reeducation settlement. It'll be great exercise! And everyone knows only guilty people need a trial. Besides, it'll give her such a sense of pride and accomplishment. Assuming she survives. I begin my drive home, and am filled with exhilaration. This right here is the good life. I set the vehicle on cruise control. Speed limit is 65, and that's what I'm going. Until to my exasperation, I realize I set the speed to 66. Mondays, am I right? Before I can change it, in the distance I hear that same *pop*. A wave of calm washes over me. Well, this is what you get when you don't follow the rules. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato *If you enjoyed this story, I'm afraid you're going to be sent to a work camp.* 