
Mama always used to say "The worst thing you can do to a god is ignore him". It took us a long time to find one. The usual gods had been snatched up before we got ourselves in the game. Even the rare ones had become rarer. A few unclaimed gods came to us and begged us to take them in. But Regnolia was no easy town. Regnolia was no beggar. Regnolia was built on the blood and tears of slaves and Regnolia deserved a God who was no slave. We wanted no rain. We wanted no prosperity. We wanted no sun. We wanted no war. We wanted no wind. We wanted no fame. We wanted nothing and we wanted a God who could give us that valuable nothing. So, we built our temple. We picked a spot deep in the cornfields. We burnt a square dang in the middle of it and we got to work - 40 men; three shifts; 47 days. We knew no hunger. We knew no thirst. We knew no sun and we knew no snow. The time might as well have not passed for nobody paid any heed to it. For 47 days, the town slept none. On the 48th morning, we were done. A modest temple in the middle of nowhere - built of fiery red brick and built to last an eternity. 8 walls of solidarity stretching to the high heavens sending out our message to the world - Are you worthy of this noble abode? Men from across the world dropped in, envious and awestruck. Those gods that had already sought shelter fumed at us and cursed at us - but Regnolia cared none. We waited. We waited for the God who was worthy of us. Time passed, slow as a snail and swift as a river. The doors to the temple remained unopened. Until one night. It was a night that spewed more darkness than it usually did. Thunder reigned above in the skies and we sat huddled under our roofs. That was when a light was lit in our temple. Confused, we hurried. The door was open. "Who's there?" we yelled, as a single voice. "Who are you to ask?" "Come out and show yourself." A towering being staggered in front of us, a tunic carelessly thrown on his body and his beard the color of dust. His right hand held a half-filled vessel of a liquid and his left hand clasped a broken scythe. "Who are you?" we asked, our voices trying not to tremble. "I am Minafe, the god of scarcity. I hereby claim this temple as mine. Feed me and you shall live. Anger me and you shall suffer in every one of your births. Go now mortals, go now so that you can feed me when the time comes." Here was someone who finally deserved us. Here was someone who didn't seek us. Here was a God who finally settled in of their own volition. Here was a God who was fit to serve our hunger. Regnolia was built on the blood of slaves and Regnolia finally had one. The doors to the temple closed. A single piercing shriek cut the air. 