
*Bloody Mary.* The name came as a whisper, barely louder than the wind whistling in her ear. It happened often, though not as often as it used to. The world had changed. And it was this change that gave her hope. *Bloody Mary.* The girl rose to her feet as the black abyss surrounding her slowly began to morph into something more. How long had it been? She had tried to count, once, but lost interest rather quickly. Instead she sat in the bleak nothingness, never tiring, never feeling hunger. She simply existed--nothing more. But she had a plan. "Bloody Mary," the voice came clear as day. In front of her a cloud of gray smoke swirled and hissed. As it dissipated a sort of window came into view; on the other side stood three small children, no older than nine. They stood silent as she came into view: her black tangled hair hanging over her eyes, her face red and brown with dried blood, and her yellow smile. She knew she needed to act fast. The children's faces twisted in horror, and though it was too dark to be certain, she was sure one of them wet himself. There was only one way for her to escape her hell: to be set free upon the wish of an innocent. She opened her mouth, her speech prepared. "I am Mary, and I may grant--" The children screamed in unison. "No!" Mary called out, attempting to stop the inevitable. "I'm not going to--" It was too late. The children spun around and ran for the door. One of them reached up and slammed his hand into the light switch. The window snapped away into a cloud of smoke and Mary was once more left alone in the dark. But as she stood in silence, staring at where the window used to be, she noticed something different. A small shred of faint yellow light, almost impossible to see. She stepped forward and lifted a finger towards it, feeling its jagged edges. It was real. She forced her hand into it, cutting herself in the process. As she worked at the crack it widened and split and cracked, until it was wide enough to reach in with both hands. She grasped the edges and pushed them away from each other, creating a doorway in the abyss. And then she climbed through, into the room the children were in only moments before. r/Ford9863 