
There's an odd little quirk about thinking you're immortal. You better be right when you set out to prove it. Otherwise, you won't be wrong again. That's the warning we gave people when we first found the manuscripts. They detailed, in a variety of different languages, a handful of which we managed to understand, that there are 77777 paths to immortality. The recipient of immortality would just *know* once it happened. Yeah, that's all the manuscript said. It sounded as simple as that. The rest should have been just reading the paths and maybe claiming a couple for ourselves and releasing the rest. The issue was that they were in a language none of us had ever seen before. Succumbing to desperation, we posted them all online, hoping that maybe the same sleuths who had identified the Boston Marathon Bomber from a picture could help us figure out what the paths were. People never cease to amaze me, and in spite of most of humanity being a stinking cesspool of disappointment, I was quite amused at the results. Human behavior became... Well, let's just call it interesting. It became interesting. The first lady to figure things out stuck a French fry up her nose. I don't even think she was trying to become immortal. I don't even think somebody so daft deserves to become immortal. But then she claims there was a massive flash of light and the French fry popped out the other nostril and when one week later she got hit by a bus as she walked her cat and got right back up unscathed - the cat did not - she realized she was immortal. She wrote a book. It was shit. It sold a lot of copies. We tried to publish the redaction when we found evidence that the manuscripts were fake. Unfortunately, the real news follow-up never quite manages to extinguish the hype kicked off by the fake news published first. So then everybody went and started trying things. It was the epitome of imbecility, repeated ad nauseum. That's just how humans are. It all went under hashtag 77777 on those social media platforms where people display their miserable failures. Super viral, like ebola. Often deadly. Like ebola. And it turned out that, once used, the paths were extinguished. A lot of people tried putting French fries up their noses and then getting hit by buses. A lot of people died. So now there were 77776 paths to immortality left. No matter how many people die, others step up to take their place and keep on trying out new ways to become immortal. When people stop caring about living for now and start focusing on living forever, society begins to fall apart. People stopped going to their jobs. People stopped acting like civilized humans and instead focused on their best impressions of deranged lunatics, going about their days as erratically as possible, desperately hoping to trigger the immortality. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 