
"Never hire a human," the old saying goes. "They're a volatile bunch. Surviving all that war and all those atrocities changed something in them. They don't play well with others." My father always said that. Our mercenary company was well-known throughout the cluster. Any job with good pay and a high risk of death or dismemberment was our thing. That meant that we had a high attrition rate. Usually lose a couple redshirts every mission, which meant after awhile it became hard to replace the rookies. After a couple of jobs got caught in the proverbial event horizon, we were up the Malcarex without a sonic speargun. We needed new blood, bad. They had to be a little nuts to join up with us now. The humans had that in spades. A seed ship with about 200 of them, coming from Titan, contacted us. They were looking for a home away from home. They were all battle-tested and just needed to get out of Sol. Now, Titan's a prison colony. These guys were definitely escaped prisoners on a jacked seedship looking to escape human "justice", likely in the form of a Ravager-class battlecruiser with a few shiny ion cannons and a recovery crew of the genemodded psychopaths they call their police force. "Fine, I need new blood for my crew anyway. We'll take you in. Equal cuts of the take for everybody after your third mission, and you can bunk in the rookie quarters. They're cramped, but it's better than a damn colony skip-jack any day." Cut to a few weeks later. They were a motley crew. Kept to themselves though. I got the impression they were a xenophobic bunch. Still, they handled the first two missions well. A hit on a senior Thraxian military official and his personal guard went well. No casualties, targets eliminated and we managed to get to his personal safe in time to steal what was left of his personal accounts. Same for the second mission. Corporation war. Blew up a station with core-mounted charges and made sure their electronic records were transferred to us. Managed to sell 500.000 credits of somebody else's stock on top of the bonus for "liquidating" their other assets. Third mission was a nasty one. I hated these runs. Colony raid on an outlying human settlement. We were supposed to leave no survivors. The Bal-garrack Empire claimed that land as an ancestral tomb world from their early space age days, and they wanted it back. Wanted to send a message too. Well, we touched down with the whole lot of the human contingent in tow, along with a few of the other vets. Figured humans wouldn't mind dusting a few other humans. None of the rest of the crew did, and humans were notorious for killing each other, from what most of us had heard. We came up on the colony late at night. Though, the planet is tidally locked, so "night" is a bit of a misnomer. People were sleeping. That's the important bit. I sent the greenest humans and a couple of my vets ahead to scout the place and round up the locals so we could do this quickly, before anyone had a chance to hit a distress beacon. No more than 10 minutes into the op, gunfire. Lots of it. Then, nothing. Dead silence. Not a good sign when you send that many people out. Tried to radio the ship. Nothing. Comms are down or blocked. *hammer clicks* "Stay where you stand, Alcarnix. Move too fast and you'll spend the rest of your days down a couple tentacles and sipping out of a kid's juice cup through a tube in your thorax." It was Markus. The human mercs' erstwhile leader. "You didn't tell us we were here to kill our own kind, Alcarnix. There's families in there. Kids. I don't hurt kids at all, but especially not our own kids." "Then what were the gunshots, Markus?" "Your boys. Dead. Vex had a signal jammer on him. That was nice. Can't call down more of your boys with the comms knocked out. I figure we've got about 30 minutes before they realize something is up." "Heard you humans were bloodthirsty savages. I figured you wouldn't mind offing a few of your kind for cash and safety." "You heard wrong, Alcarnix. That old saying, 'Never hire a human'? There's a second part to it. 'Never hire a human to kill his own kind'. You might have missed this in galactic history, but we fought a war over this. The Unification War enshrined the central principle that humans would never kill other humans again. We almost wiped ourselves out three times. Never again." "You all were on a seedship fleeing Titan. I thought you were criminals." "Criminals that don't kill humans. All those stories about Sol are just scary rumors to keep you bugs on your toes." "Bu.." *Boom* *Alcarnix hit the floor, a chunk of his skull's exoskeletal bits bouncing off the window of the dropship.* "We do, however, have no qualms killing aliens." *Markus kicked his corpse down the gangplank of the dropship and onto the lush ground of the colony world.* "Team, wrap up recruitment and prep to return to the ship. We've got a roach infestation to clean up when we get back. You know the policy when it comes to aliens looking to harm humans: suffer not the xeno to live." 