
My daughter Isabella rolls her clear-sky eyes when I tell her to mind the gators. The pit cost me a proper fortune--hand-dug by a pair of burly dwarves who seemed less than faithful to the notion of fair business practices towards the end--yet you'd never catch Izzy admiring. No *Gee dad! Look at those pearly whites!* No, *holy smokes, those make me feel safe at home*. No. She and her new silk dress are just *twirl, swish, zoom* all the way up to her tower each and every time I mention her meds. "You *don't* need to remind me dad!" her squeaky voice echoes down untold flights of stairs. "I'm not a mutt on a leash!" "Are you crying?" I ask, de-activating the tripwires with muscle-memory as I climb the stone tower after her. "What did I--?" *Slam.* *Clink.* *Crick*. I've got to hand it to her. She's got the goblin-forged door locks down pat. I'd been worried about making such an investment, but she had no qualms slamming that notion right in my face. After our arguments, I typically sigh and pour handbrewed moonshine into a glass by the fireplace. I collapse in my old rocker and drink beneath a waning lantern. The distillery is located on the ground floor of my fortress. It's the one thing I've left untouched after all these years. The barrels still have that mossy film that Paw swore gave the 'shine some aftertaste, and the bottles I use are all recycled mats from the olden days, when Izzy was just a squalling babe. As strange as it is to say, sometimes I wager *those were the days*. Those days, I could've kept adventurers away as easily as lifting a bale of hay. Those days, Izzy used to smile when I hummed her to sleep. Those days, her mother had yet to cough up handfuls of blood. Usually, after two or three glasses, I hear Izzy singing to the moon. Her songs are all laced with teardrops. I peek out discretely from the lower story windows, and each time I see why I have had such hardship. The girl looks just like her mother--the very same ashberry hair and little porcelain lips. The moon gleams off her eyes as she croons on the tower windowsill. Hell, she even has her mother's voice. It's no wonder adventurers from the four corners of the world have come to whisk her away. I'd done the same with her mother, what feels like a lifetime ago. There's some monkey knot of Fate that binds humans together like that. A pretty girl sings to the moon, and soon enough the boys stumble out of the bushes. It's no wonder why she's grown to hate me. No matter how many trinkets I buy her, or the dresses I import, she trudges the hallways asking to see the world. If she were more like *me*, perhaps I could bear to see her go. Perhaps I would stop adding to this abominable fortress and let her live her damned life, carried away but this prince charming or that *next-in-line*. But she's gotten more of her mother than either of us could bargain for. Her mother had the same affliction. And I cannot bear another bout of heartbreak. Most mornings, I bring her a platter of bacon. I unwind the spike-traps, and hop over all the false steps, bowing low before her reinforced door with our usual peace treaty. "It's nature's miracle," I say with an apologetic smile. Most mornings, too, she apologizes in return. She chews on the bacon and shows me the progress of her pill minder--the days all writ in golden letters. "Thank you," I say. "You know...your mother neglected..." "I know dad. I'm sorry," she'd say, throwing her arms around me. I knew it was all in the name of placation. She'd eat her bacon, maybe flip me off as my boots echoed down the spiral stairs, but she'd have taken her pills. She'd have remained alive, and safe, and the universe remained balanced. Yet, today, everything is off kilter. It's as if Atlas has let us roll off his back. I try using the platter to pry her door open, but my feet slip on all the blasted bacon grease. "Izzy!" I shout. "Are you alright in there?" No answer, save silence. I resort to using the acid from ground level moat. Eventually, the locks give--I suppose those goblins didn't think of everything. When I swing the door open, I fear the worst--a barrel chested prince protecting her with one arm. But Izzy is just...gone. Absent among billowing curtains. Her bedsheets are gone too. My heart flutters as I stumble to her windowsill. It's early yet--the moon is still out, caught in that strange tidepool of the in-between. Not quite morning, not quite night, just a clenched fist of confusion. Her bedsheets are tied to the support beam of the planter. My chest lurches as I see her crumpled and lifeless on the ground. Amidst roiling emotion, I turn my bleary eyes towards the moon and let *loose*. My fortress has undergone hundreds of changes. I've added boiling pots of oil to the ramparts and fashioned poison dragon spikes to the drawbridge. The moat itself has gone from water to lava to a steaming river of acid. Once, I'd even conscripted a *dragon* into patrolling the reception hall. I'd spent years protected my little girl from the outside, building her tower higher and higher away from anyone who might take her. In the end, all I'd really needed to give her were a few more blankets. -------------------------- r/M0zark 