
The undead creature was, now that they could see it more closely, definitely not a man. It was less than a corpse, even, and its limbs looked fragile and delicate in the clear morning air. Fragile and delicate next to Christ's elegant, slim blade. "What will you do with it?" a disciple asked. Christ looked down at the creature, and then his sword, and for a while there was silence, save for the creature's snarls and cries. Isolated by itself, the creature sounded almost pathetic, trapped somewhere between pain and rage. "What can you do with something like this?" Christ asked his people. "It is not living. It is dead. Your purpose is to save the living, Redeemer," an older disciple said. "But I was dead once too. Would you have forsaken me?" Christ leaned down, and looked at the creature, which seemed to recoil a bit. Christ looked into the creature's black, bottomless eyes for a long time, and not once did his gaze waver. He looked at the creature with the same great sympathy as he reserved for the living, his disciples realized. "Leave it tied to the tree. Sometime in the day he will break from the ropes, and have his freedom again." No one dissented, but for a long time in their journey through the forest, Christ and his disciples heard the shrieks of the dead thing they had left to live. - It was very late at night, and so Christ was on his own in the forest. He sat next to a stream, in a small clearing illuminated by a waxing moon. He heard the Girl approach. Of all his disciples, he knew she was the most important. She was purity, a brightness that had not yet been stained by the harsh realities of the world he had returned to. He needed her judgement when his proved too eroded. "Why did you let it go?" she asked, her question absent of doubt, unlike the others. "I am not sure I know," Christ admitted. "That's okay. But did it feel right?" The girl sat down next to him, and dipped her feet in the stream. "I don't know yet." "That's okay too. I'm happy you let it stay. It sounded really scared." "It did, didn't it?" Christ looked upwards, to the skies, to an empty spot with no stars and no moon, and the girl looked at the river, giggling at her reflection. "If I were to go somewhere, and I told you that I promised to return, do you think you would ever start to doubt that I would come back?" Christ asked. "No. But I don't know if the others would." "No matter where I went?" "No matter where you went." - Christ tried to close his eyes and empty himself of doubt, of fear, but found it harder than all the other times. Finally, he opened them, and decided to look death right in the eyes again. The creature snarled, and Christ flinched, ever so slightly. *The fear inside me,* he thought, *it's growing.* Without thinking, he moved his hand, closer and closer, to the creature's mouth. He looked around him once last time, at the trees, at the moon, at the dotted starry sky, at the Girl hiding and watching from a tree a distance away. He smiled at her, one last time, and nodded. Then the creature bit his hand. As the Girl watched the humanity slowly drop from every part of Christ's body, turning away before it could get to his eyes, she repeated the last words they had spoken in her mind. *"Are you going somewhere?" she asked.* *"Yes."* *"Somewhere far?"* *"Not that far. Somewhere I've been before," he said.* *"Why?"* *"Because," he said, with the last twinkle in his eye, "to bring the dead back from wherever they are, I think I have to go there first."* *-* [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 