
She glanced up at the face that looked oddly familiar. The dragon's golden eye was fixated on her, little puffs of smoke coming from its snout from the exertion of flying. It had landed at her doorstep, fire red wings creating small dust tornadoes in its wake, inadvertently dirtying the welcome mat she had just laid back outside. Rina wiped her hands on her apron, then approached. Perhaps she should have feared the dragon, such a monstrous creature it was, ten feet tall and with claws the size of a small car. But she had seen the star shaped divot on its head, and she knew. And so she stood at her doorstep, waiting for the friend who had left so many years ago to speak. When the dragon did speak, her voice was smooth and baritone, belying the toughness of her scales and of her past. Star had been just two weeks old when Rina found her, crying for her mother in a field. How she had gotten there, Rina still wasn't quite sure, but ignoring her husband's demands that she kill the vile creature, she had instead raised it in secret. For three months, her hands had been covered in claw and tooth marks, and they had made their indelible mark as small, raised white ridges, scars that stood the test of time, on her hands. Hundreds of baby bottles with tiny fang holes in them and ninety days of waking up in the middle of the night to wailing cries for meat later, Star had finally become old enough to hunt for herself. By this time, she was the size of a large dog, and she often took pleasure in chasing the cats around the old barnyard. Rina, Star cried. "Star," she said simply. There was no more need for words; the two had forged that bond long ago, even though they hadn't spoken for years now. It was what naturally came when the universe narrowed itself down to two points, wrapped in each other's existence as if they couldn't exist without the other. At first, Star would come back once a year, and they would sit together, woman and dragon, side by side, watching the dawn. Their meetings were fleet, and she would be gone with the sunrise. Dragons were savage by nature, forgetting their parents once they've been weaned; motherhood was a bond forged from necessity and biology, not care. But one year, Star hadn't come back. Rina had assumed--nay, expected--the worst. Hunters abounded plenty these days, and dragon pelts were worth a fortune. So this visit was welcome. Truly welcome. She laid a hand on Star's foreleg. And knew she couldn't stay long as the muscles under her hand rippled with tension, even as the dragon's eyes gazed up at the skies, then into the wheat fields. Trigger happy neighbors made for short visits. Slowly, Star unfolded a wing to reveal a baby creature, its eyes not yet open, wings and scaleless body still covered in egg fluid. It wailed pitifully, grasping at the scaly surface with a pruny wing that had a claw at the end. Although, it was so small it might have been mistaken for a tooth. As soon as Rina took it within her hands, cradling it, Star took off, heavy wing beats carrying her into the blue. More than a responsibility, she knew the small dragonling was a symbol of trust. Rina named the dragonling Hope. Hope that it might survive against the odds. Hope that it might live to cherish its second chance at life. Hope that, one day, her dragons might return alive and well, their wings claiming the sky. ***** For fantasy and more r/AlannaWu 