
I just stared at the guy. His costume looked pretty good. "Cool costume! Your props look pretty real!" I finally got out. I had no idea what the guy was doing here, but his weapons didn't look like cheap plastic. He even seemed to have real muscles under that costume. "Listen, ElminsterTheMighty, I can call you ElminsterTheMighty, yes? You don't know yet how important you are. But I know. I read ahead. And I kinda need to know." "Know what?" "What you'll know!" "What I'll know?" "Yeah, what you'll know!" "About what?" "I don't know!" "You don't know what I'll know?" "No!" "Know what?" This was fun. Stupid, but fun. But it looked like he wasn't in the mood for funny banter, because he pulled one of his guns then. And as I was looking closer at it it just looked a bit too real for me. "Ok, listen, I know this is a bit much, but we need to act now. We'll change the story, and once you know your big secret, you need to tell me." "That gun looks pretty real..." I said. "Well, of course. Why would I run around with a fake gun? But I see you are still skeptical." And with that he pointed the gun at his own leg, shot right through it, and looked back up to see me screaming, jumping back from the door, slamming it shut and locking it. "ElminsterTheMighty, please open up. I am just proving my point. You need to know I am me." "Go away! You're insane! I'm calling the police!" "Nope on the first, well, duh on the second, and not a good idea on the third! Now please open the door and look at my leg so we can continue." I looked around frantically. How could I get rid of him? This couldn't be real. And if it was, there was no way I could stop him! And my door certainly wouldn't stop him. Those guns were real. And I bet those Katanas were real, too. "How can you even be real?" I shouted as I tried to see his leg through the door spy. He helpfully stood on one leg and held the other up so I could see that the hole was already closing. "Have you read about Gwenpool, ElminsterTheMighty?" he asked, and I blanched. "She's shown me the way, ElminsterTheMighty. She got in, so I can get out. You know it's my specialty." And I did. Breaking the 4th wall was his specialty. As was getting anyone that was having adventures with him hurt or dead. "Hey, ah, a Chimichanga shop opened nearby. It's, ah, well, just go left, then right on the next street, then just go ahead. You can't miss it. How about you get one and we talk when you come back?" "Really?" he asked, sounding a bit skeptical. "Because if you are fibbing me, I am not going to be happy." I sighed. My last plan to somehow escape had just failed. I would probably die in some Alien invasion or be blown up by a grenade he dropped on accident. Defeated, I opened the door and let him in. At least there wasn't too much blood still dropping from his costume. "You want to watch one of your movies while you explain what horrible death awaits me?" I asked him, and even though his mask fully covered his face, I could see him smile. 