
Thirty years. Thirty fuckin' years, Dennis thought. That fateful night, the cold, the tears, the beers. All of it came flooding back when Dennis parked his pickup across the street from The Lazy Eye. Everyone remembers "the incident", but everyone conveniently forgets all the good times prior to it. After that fateful night, Dennis avoided the place like the plague. He thought about going back about a year after, thinking things may have calmed down by then. The large sign above the door exclaimed in large uneven lettering, "Fuck you, Dennis." That put a stop to those ideas. Dennis changed his life. He went back to school, took a high roller job overseas and had succeeded in every portion of his life. Dennis got married, had two kids who were already off getting married on their own. Dennis was now happily retired, living off his well financed 401k. He told his wife he had some "consulting" work to do back home, and that he would be gone for a few days. She had a weekend with her friends planned, so it worked out alright. Susan didn't know about The Lazy Eye. No one in Dennis' new life knew. They couldn't, it would ruin him. Dennis sat across the street in his pickup for a few hours, trying to calm himself. Surely everyone had moved on. Who remembers something like that for 30 years? Even Dave, his old best friend never forgot, and never spoke to Dennis again. None of the cars outside were familiar, but how could they be? He'd been gone for 30 years. Thirty! Years! Dennis waited for the busy part of the night to slow. When there were only a few cars left in the parking lot, Dennis worked up the courage to get out of his pickup and make his way across the street. Halfway there, the sounds and smells of home had him running backward. That night was really blown out of proportion anyway. Everyone in town knew. It started with a simple game of billiards. 9-ball was the favorite in town, so most younger guys played. Dennis and Dave were into the wee hours of the night, on the last game when the fateful event occurred. This new bartender, Carla had just started and Dennis had a thing for her. So, he made plenty of trips to the bar. What ended up being the game shot, winning shot, and last shot of Dennis' life had sent a series of events in motion that could only be described as magical. Dennis was poised to make a bank shot to go after the nine ball. Dennis was good at bank shots, everyone knew. He leaned this way and that, feeling out the table. He definitely had too much to drink, but he was in the zone. He had just pulled the cue back, inadvertently bumping into Carla with the last round of drinks. Carla fell sideways and the tray of drinks went flying. At the same time, Dennis finished the stroke on his shot, the cue ball heading for the bank and on to his glorious victory. However, bumping Carla surprised him and he mistakenly *threw* his pool stick, both hitting the cue ball and spearing it across the room toward Dave. All at once, chaos erupted. Carla fell into some other patrons and the drinks landed on some more. She hit her head on a table on the way down. The pool stick had lodged itself into Dave's shoulder and appeared to be bleeding profusely. As if by some arcane magic, the nine ball went in, effectively winning the game, but the cue ball had taken flight and had struck the new town deputy in the side of the head. Dennis didn't know where to start. His best friend bleeding, his new love interest laying on the floor, and the new sheriff's deputy holding a bar rag to his head, apparently also bleeding. He went for what made sense at the time. Carla was laying in a pile of broken table and glasses. She looked up at Dennis, confused looking. No, not confused, her right eye had gone sideways. A lazy eye. Hmm. Dennis moved over to Dave who simply waved him away. Dennis made his way to the deputy. "Are you okay?" Dennis approached the deputy, Shawn. "Get away from me, ya drunk bastard!" He looked at Dennis angrily. Well, as it turns out, not angrily. His left eye had gone south, and it looked like it enjoyed the climate. A second lazy eye. Dennis, drunk and not knowing how to approach the situation, tried to laugh it off and cheer everyone up. Maybe not the best idea. "I suppose the name of the bar makes sense now, hey everyone!" Dennis laughed riotously. The comedy quickly drained from the room as Carla stood up shakily. "Get the fuck out of here you stupid bastard!!" She shrieked at the top of her lungs. Dennis looked to Dave, who had apparently attempted some kind of tourniquet to his arm to staunch the bleeding. He grumbled "Just fuck off, Dennis." And turned to help Carla. The deputy's stare could have killed a man, so Dennis left. He walked out, and walked home. The morning after didn't seem to make the comment any better, so he never went back. Until today. Dennis could handle it now. He'd grown, changed. He could explain himself if he needed to. They would understand. Dennis got out of his pickup, resolved to at least make it across the street. He did so, and was at the front door. Quiet murmurings inside, not that busy. Dennis opened the door. An older gal behind the counter. One person at the bar. One person seated next to the door at a table. All three looked at him, and simultaneously said "Get the hell outta here, Dennis." 