
I'm one-hundred and four now and there are more things than not that I have forgotten in my life. I can't tell you the first time I traveled to another planet. I can't recall the name of my instructor from school. And, I've even forgotten the name of my first friend in under school. I can, however, remember to this day the first time I had seen a human. Sophia Barton was the most beautiful creature I had ever seen. Sure, she was short like every human. Yeah, she had the unnecessarily long hair that most human females do. She even did the all too predatory action of bearing her teeth, often. Despite all of this, Sophia has been my closest companion since I was only nine. "Why do we have to Mom?" "Because they're coming into the Council, now stop fussing." My mother told me sternly, as we waited behind the large glass walls looking into the ship terminal. "It's stupid, why does she need to stay at our house?" I asked my mother, not seeing how selfish I was being at the time. "Rules are rules, dear." She never went into much depth, even as she got older. When the ship landed, I remember how much I tried not to look. I even tried to wander into a different room, but the loud screaming that sounded after the engines silenced kept my eyes glued to the platform. She was tiny. Her face was red and glistened from moisture oozing out of orifices. All I could think was how ugly humans are. What a shame they were being allowed into the Council. The little girl kept creating such a fuss that I didn't even notice the hand she was holding onto was the hand of my father, Third Admiral of Council Collective Space Fleet. But, after contact with the horrendous looking humans, he was brought down to nothing more than a baby sitter. "Ew, she is not staying in my room." I said, with my face smashed against the window, ears raised to the cold surface. My mother merely shushed me and led me to the entrance where my father was entering, with his new unfortunate luggage. My parents embraced and my father even gave me some sort of wooden toy he had gotten on one of the human's planets. I whispered my protests into his lowered ear, but he would be having none of it. The day felt like it would be the beginning of something horrible, especially if I was going to be listening to the disgusting sniveling sounds coming from the tiny human clinging to my father's large grizzled one. It wasn't until I tripped down a flight of steps later a few minutes later, as I was scuffing my feet in childish anger, that I realized that it was actually the exact opposite. Empathy, compassion, mercy, call it what you like, but humanity has it. Every race in the Council is powerful, intelligent, clever, or resilient, but the humans are just plain nice. The lumbering Marins are the least opportune race to face head to head. The Yyes are known for their near perfect soldiers. Graes are the oldest and most intelligent of the races. You'd be hard-pressed to find a Nami who can't con you out of the last credits you have left in your pocket. Then there are the Undarins who can withstand temperatures from 278K to 295K. It was barely ten cycles after humans were accepted into the Council that the status quo changed. 