
In hindsight, asking the elderly witch to turn me into a cat on a whim was a bad idea. Because here's the thing about elderly people. They die. Here I was, thinking I was just helping some poor old lady to her house when she lays on me that, surprise! She's a witch! She'll grant any wish I ask! How are you supposed to respond to that? I stammered for what could have been minutes before I said "T-Turn me into a cat? I guess?" I didn't expect to be a foot tall and covered in fur the instance I finished my sentence. Or for the crazy bitch to die directly after. I was too busy processing that I had *fur* and *claws* and *oh god this can't be happening* that I didn't even notice that she'd collapsed on the floor. I noticed a home phone on the counter and somehow managed to dial 911, but it was probably too late. So now here I am. At an animal shelter. Trapped in a cage, ball-less, and surrounded by screaming cats. Well, it could be worse. At least I don't have to deal with student loans anymore. ------------ I'll be honest, I wasn't expecting to be adopted. I sort of figured I'd just die here. In fact, I was contemplating just that when this guy about my age walks up to my cage and just sorta looks at me. Kinda sad. I dunno. I guess I just felt for the guy. I got out of my ball in the corner of my cage and walked over to him. Let him pet me. When he put his face against the mesh I went ahead and bopped his nose. Well, I guess he liked me cause now I'm relaxing on the couch in his apartment. I still miss my balls, but at least this is nice. ------------ Turns out Tim and I are -or I guess were- a lot alike. He tells me about his life trying to live on his own and handle depression and I can't help but sympathize with him. I try my best to give him the impression that I'm listening, and I think it's working. He's named me Harvey, which I'm okay with. ------------ Well, it looks like the jig is up. I think he knows I'm not a normal cat anymore. Look- a guy gets bored, okay?! I can only pretend to be interested in laser toys so much. So I saw the guy download Typing of the Dead last night and wanted to give it a shot while he was at work. I got more engrossed than I thought cause when I paused to have a snack break, I saw him staring at me slack-jawed from the doorframe. Jesus, the guy must think either he needs an exorcist or antipsychotics. Feeling bad for just breaking Tim's understanding of the world, I guided the mouse to Microsoft Word and typed: -i can explain- He stared blankly at the screen. I groaned internally and increased the font size. He responded limply "Please." So I told him. I typed out my plight as best I could, watching his face for a reaction. -a wizard did it- -lmao- -ok but actually a witch turned me into a cat- -helped her to her house- -said she was a witch- -would grant any wish- -said become cat as a goof- -became cat- -witch had heart attack right after- -got sent to pound- -r/thisismylifemeow- -;9- -:(- -u show up- -treat me well- -give me something 2 care about- -make losing my balls worth it- -kinda- -didnt want to freak u out- -did anyway- -sorry- I stared nervously at him, tail curled around my body. I half expected him to throw his satan-cat out the window when finally he said: "Oh. That's... a lot to take in. I mean it's fuckin' rad that I have a cat that can talk but... Well, A, *holy fuck*. B, are you okay? You've been pretending to be a cat this whole time? How have you not gone insane? Is there any way I can help?" -tbh idk- -unless u know any witches- "I feel that. But... well... what happens now? Pretend this never happened?" Something comes to me. -nah- -although i have been getting bored- -i did always want my own youtube channel >:3- ------------ It's been 2 years. Possibly the best 2 of my life. Tim and Harvey has 2 million subs and climbing. The first few videos of me "trying to play" video games and Tim showing the "behind the scenes" with his college degree for special effects and prop work didn't get much traffic. Eventually one was picked up by the algorithm and it was smooth sailing from there. Tim's moved out of his cramped apartment and was able to jump ship from his crappy 9 to 5. He's able to do videos on his passion now, on top of our videos. I'm really happy for him. We have genuine conversations with the new iPad we got for me, and when the camera's off we watch tv or play games with modified controllers. He's honestly the best friend I could have hoped for. I guess that wish was a good one after all. Edit: this was my first writing prompt so tell me what you think! 