
I nursed my glass of whisky slowly, the amber glow-cubes hanging from the ceiling casting a dim light throughout the bar. It was a popular little watering hole, reasonably famous around the part of the galaxy that I frequented. A little *too* popular nowadays, if the rowdy crowd surrounding us was any indication. I frowned. The messenger hadn't arrived, but I wanted to get out of there, stat. Experience told me that little good came out of noisy bars. One minute passed, then another. Time ticked slowly by as I glanced at my holo-watch every ten seconds or so. The noise of the crowd only grew louder as more and more patrons squeezed into the small bar, with the existing guests only getting more inebriated. *"Five minutes"*, I resolved. I'd give the messenger five more minutes to show up, and then I'd bounce. Didn't like to cancel on a job- I had a reputation to keep, after all, but sometimes the risks were simply too great. Three and a half minutes later, a stocky alien covered with overflowing fur from head to toe squeezed its way into the bar. It hopped onto the bar stool, and from somewhere within the dark mass of fur covering its body, it pushed the corner of a parcel out towards me. I grabbed it quietly, slipping it into my coat, and nodded once. Thank God. Now all that I had to do was get out- All of a sudden, the sounds in the bar grew louder and louder. The aliens all around me shouted in unintelligible languages. I switched on my translator, listened, and groaned. Some idiot had started a fight after a drink was spilled. Typical. The fracas in the bar grew more and more chaotic, fists and tentacles flying, left, right and center. I slid off the bar stool, and silently wormed my way through the crowd, ignoring the bits of hair and goo that were getting stuck on my jacket. I would've made it out fine too, if not for that one idiotic cyclops. Apparently, one eye also meant half a brain, because he had wrenched the bar counter out of the ground, and swung it wildly in an arc. It slammed into a golem, sending him flying across the bar with a loud crash. But that wasn't the real issue, no. At the apex of his swing, he'd smashed through the glass roof of the bar. Sharp shards cascaded down onto the guests, with some of the weaker aliens shrieking and running for cover. Great. Just great. There was still a good distance between me and the door, and knowing the patrols on this planet, they'd arrive in no time. As if on cue, a group of tall, metallic Enforcers arrived at the entrance of the bar ten seconds later. They fanned out, slowly interrogating the patrons and searching their bodies for weapons, all while cordoning off the exit. I wouldn't *normally* mind being interrogated, but I was here on business, not leisure. I'd be in intergalactic jail for a good amount of time if they found the parcel that I was hiding in my jacket. I had to make a break for it. Picking a moment when most of them seemed occupied, I made for the exit. I didn't run. Running was too obvious. Instead, I purposefully strode towards the door, confidence in each step, as if I had every right to leave. One of the Enforcers noticed me and floated towards me. Through my translator, I heard him commanding me to stop. *"Time to earn my keep,"* I thought to myself. "Sorry Officer, I think I left the engine on my craft running. The gas chamber sprung a leak recently, and I haven't gotten around to fixing it, so I'm worried that it'll cause an... accident. Just let me run out and take care of it, real quick? I'll be back in no time," I said smoothly, flashing the Enforcer a practiced smile. The metallic creature paused, and weighed the situation. I tapped my foot hurriedly, and spoke up again. "Sorry Officer, I don't mean to rush you, but knowing that damn craft of mine, it could blow aaaaaany minute now. Can I go?" The Enforcer stared at me for a moment, before nodding slowly. I walked briskly out of the door, and made my way to my ship. As I sat in the pilot's seat, starting up my FTL drive, I couldn't help but grin. At the end of the day, no race could match humanity's silver tongues. It looked like another successful smuggling run. ***** *more stories at /r/chasing_mist* *I write a story a day [here](http://yearofpilgrimage.wordpress.com)* 