
######[](#dropcap) Victoria could imagine her father's face already. It would be a mottled shade of purples and reds, and he would be clenching his fists in that way that told her she was about to in Real Big Trouble. And she wanted to blame him for the whole situation. She really did. But laying in Thomas's arms, feeling his heartbeat next to her ear, she couldn't help but feel a little sheepish. When her father had told her she was going to marry a stranger, she had thought of about a million ways to die. Then, she thought, it was simply too much trouble, and she had so many books she had yet to finish, so she chose instead to run away. It was perhaps a miracle that when she was rappelling down her window with her sheets, she saw someone else doing the same just a couple doors down. She got down first, so she had stalked over to their side to see what was up with them that they too wanted to leave. As fate would have it, they were peas in a pod. Quite literally. Peas in the pod of marriage. So because company was always preferable to none, they ran away together. For three months, they travelled across Europe, visiting all sorts of cities. And day after day, despite the fact that she knew she shouldn't, she felt herself falling in love with him. He had been a traveler before, so he took her to the most romantic locations. They walked through the canals at Amsterdam, snorkeled in Santorini, shared gelato in Venice. It was almost like a honeymoon. Except as time drew on, Victoria felt herself grow unhappier. When he wasn't looking, she would glance longingly at his side profile, wishing that he would fall in love with her like she fell in love with him. But her gaze was on his constantly, which was how she knew his was never on her. Perhaps he simply saw her as someone to share his knowledge of the world with. So five months into the trip, when her father put out an ad and told her that he would drop the wedding if she would only return, she decided that it was time to go home. Time to leave fantasy behind. On their last night together in Paris, he took her to Point Zero. Under the dim light of the stars, he told her, his hazel eyes sparkling, "This is the point from which all distances in France are measured. It's the center of everything. If you make a wish here, it'll come true." When she stood on the star, her eyes closed, feeling the cool spring breeze on her skin and wishing that she could forget him as soon as possible, she felt warm lips on hers. Even through her disbelief, she managed to bring her hands up, wrapping her arms around his neck and tugging him closer. If this was all she would have of him, then so be it. &nbsp; It turned out he had asked her father for her hand in marriage. That it wasn't a plot between their parents. He said he fell in love with her two years ago, when she was volunteering at the animal shelter and he had come in to adopt. When he had realized that she was reluctant, he had guessed she would run away. She wanted to be angry at him. She really did. But seeing the vulnerability in his eyes, she simply laid her head down on his shoulder. What was the point in getting angry? He hadn't hidden a big secret such as murdering someone, and he had told her in the end. All that was left now, was going home to tell her father that the wedding preparations should still commence. When she told her father, his face turned a shade of red that she had never seen before. "You'll get married to him over my dead body!" he yelled. Her jaw dropped. "But papa, you wanted me to marry him before!" "After making me a laughingstock in front of everyone in the town, having to put out that ad, you want to come back and say you're marrying him after all?" He snorted. "And after you eloped with him for half a year." He turned and walked into his study, slamming the door shut behind him. Victoria groaned. She laid down on the wood floor outside the study, her body splayed out into a giant A. This was going to be a long battle. She could tell. ***** r/AlannaWu 