
The same parlor tricks Tyler used to do at bars to get laid, he now performed for the salvation of mankind. That's what he promised to his thousands of followers at least. Though if he considered himself a conman at bars, he wondered what that'd make him right now. "Jesus," a fisherman, once blind, said. "Where'd you go?" Tyler walked atop the river toward him. "I was simply communing with my father," he told the man. In truth, he simply needed to recharge his technology. Of course, it was wrong to lie and specially to start an entire religion based off of one, but what did it matter? With the advent of the time machine, humanity discovered just how small they really were. Time stretched long past the human race and all of humanity didn't even register as a blip on the cosmic radar. The human condition turned out not to be our selfishness, but the fact that it didn't matter. Selfish or generous, good or bad, nobody cared. It didn't affect anything. The fisherman's eyes lit up at the mention of God. "And what did he have to say?" *That he doesn't even know your name. Hell, he doesn't even speak this language.* He wanted to say, instead, he said, "that he loves us all like his own children. My father is a gentle Man for he has sent his only son here to bring unto you the kingdom of heaven." Perhaps a better man would've told the truth, but good or bad men were all the same to the cosmos. So, Tyler spun a story--the story of how he wished the world worked, where the good are rewarded and the bad punished and that their miserable little lives could mean something. At the end of his tale, tears swelled inside the fisherman's eyes. For a second, Tyler actually thought he had made good on his promise to save the man. "He loves me?" the man muttered and looked down at his feet. His smile disappeared. Tyler's brow furrowed. "What is it?" The man only stared at the mud stuck between his toes and the shreds of cloth he wore as a shirt. His face burned a dark red. "I am undeserving of such grace. I am but a peasant." Tyler flinched. He kept his smile on his face. Peasants and kings were all the same to history. Eventually, their names were forgotten, their graves became dust, and not even school children would need to learn of their existence. "My brother," Tyler said and took a breath to give one of his most truthful statements yet. "To the cosmos, peasants and kings are all the same." The man's eyes widened. His voice lowered. "My lord, you cannot speak so openly of the kings. If they hear word of this talk, they will have you killed or worse." "I am no lord," Tyler said. "I am but a humble servant to Him. As are you. To him, we are equal." "Equal?" The man smacked his lips together, as if tasting the word. "Yes." *Because we are all nothing to the heavens.* But Tyler was not a prophet of truth, he was a conman, and if good or bad were all the same, he might as well do some good. His despair would be this generation's salvation. "God sees us all in the same light, the warm glow of his love." Tears leaked down the fisherman's eyes. Tyler stared at the man's tired smile, his jaw agape, and his hands clasped in prayer. *So this is what salvation looks like.* --- /r/jraywang 