
"He was a child," I said, back drawn up straight. "Pure of intent. I simply responded to that." "I have little care for your excuses," Thurn replied, what passed for her eyes dark with disapproval. "And less for the results. You will tell me *why* and we shall see if I am willing to leave more of you than the echoes of thunder. Details, Kwostiid." "The boy was riven...can you blame him? Fighting constantly with his father, the death of his younger brother, and all that awaited him were the long years of a life he didn't want to lead." "So, what? Sympathy?" There was a dangerous edge to Thurn's voice, and I could see the storm building across her shoulders, a rising anger teasing the hoarfrost of her hair. We *dschinn* of the old world are beings of nature, powerful but resentful of the men who try to tame us; not like our southern cousins who have been leashed with rings and lamps. But it was that same disdain that kept Thurn from realizing what I had done. Now, my continuation demanded I make her see. "Of course not," I scoffed. "His wish was a simple thing: the chance for something beautiful in his life. So I gave him a glimpse of that--of the art in his soul--and the skill of hand to bring it out onto the canvas." "And **that** is what I do not understand, Kwostiid! With that frustrated energy, you could have easily made the man into wreck; why give him hope? Throw him into a gutter to rot, else put a knife in his spirit and make him share his hateful misery with those around him." I am not proud that I flinched when the lance of lightning ripped free of Thurn, blasting apart a black-wooded pine. Only after the roll of thunder subsided did I continue. "Because you can only be given so much," I said, keeping the rumbling fear from my voice. "And because of *time*. I gave him the painter's brush, the dream, and just enough of a push to see the finish line before falling down." "And I do not see any reason for this pointless play at subtlety. Even an imperfect blessing will elevate him above his current woe." "Then I will make a deal with you," I said, finally making my bid to survive my plan. "Let us come back in a few decades and see what has sprouted from this seed?" I held the north wind of my breath, watching as the black clouds swirled in a prolonged rumination, only relaxing when they began to break apart in a frigid exhalation of drizzle-laden wind. Thurn was calmed for the moment. "Very well, Kwostiid...I shall give you a little time. We shall shelve the matter of this 'Adolf' for now." 