
"What are we playing today?" Billy was sitting in his room. There were Legos strewn about. A Bionicle here, Pokemon cards there. "Let's build Legos today." And so we did. We always played what Billy wanted. Not because he said we had to, but because it made him happy. And that made me happy. It made me happy to see him happy. To be cliche, we had always been two peas in a pod. Inseparable. I wasn't any more social than Billy and he seemed perfectly content with a single best friend. "Are you ready for the school year?" He sighed. I was ready. I was excited to see other students and to help him with his homework and to somehow never be called on by the teacher. But he didn't like school. He didn't like being forced to socialize. He didn't like only having me to eat lunch with while the other students ate in big groups. "Maybe this year will be different." "Maybe." Probably not, that's what his maybe meant. After years of friendship, I knew him well enough to know that. "Maybe you'll make friends." "Maybe." But he did. Maybe it was the confidence I gave him. Maybe it was the new mix of students now that they were in middle school. "Are we having lunch, Billy?" He had hung back, talking to a teacher after class. She smiled at him, and it actually seemed genuine. They used to smile out of pity, but I wouldn't tell him that. I didn't feel well, and I couldn't pinpoint why. I felt tired. Fatigued. My breaths were strained and my body ached. "Yeah, with some new friends," he answered. And we walked together down the hallway, step by painful step. I saw Billy smile. That made me smile. They gave him high-fives and patted his back. He was one of them, and I wasn't. My body was cold. My hands tingled and my vision blurred. You know those dreams you have where you try to walk but don't move? You're in a tunnel and you can see the light at the end but no matter how much you walk or run, you never get any closer? Maybe there's a monster behind you, hunting you down. This monster isn't real. I know that. But Billy kept walking and I stood rooted to my spot, my feet moving but my body not advancing. "Billy?" I called out. My voice was faint. It barely echoed. "Billy?" Louder this time, but just to me. Nobody else turned. Students whirled around me, a maelstrom of bodies completely indifferent to me. The monster in this nightmare wasn't real. But I was starting to think that maybe I wasn't either. He turned around, just barely. He might have mouthed *thank you*. Or maybe it was *sorry*. I smiled at him. I think that's what friends do; smile for each other even when the going gets tough. Even when the friendship fractures and one gets left by the wayside, I still smile at him. Maybe he'll come back. Maybe he'll save me from the cold loneliness. But he didn't come back for me. He just gave me that sad smile, the one he would give when we would eat lunch just him and me. I looked down at myself. Students passed through my fading body, and I felt the last of me disappear. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 