
"Rise and Shine Barry." I woke up to see, Dr. Rubinski had come to give me my pills today. The voices like Rubinski, so they are not too loud when I talk to him. "Have any interesting dreams last night?" He asked, I simply shook my head no. A high ping from behind my right ear told me that I couldn't take the medicine. The medicine upsets them. Alright bud, Fred said handing me a styrofoam cup of water and two pills, make sure you grab some breakfast today, they're serving grits, your favorite. I hate grits, but they like them. I only eat grits to make them shut up. Rubinski watched as I popped the two pills in my mouth. The second it touched my tongue they started screaming again. I strained to keep a calm demeanor as I sipped the water. Rubinski's lips moved but no sound escaped, they were too loud. Rubinski took the cup back and I closed my eyes. The screaming was becoming louder and scratchier. When I opened my eyes again Rubinski was right next to me "Barry, are you alright?" he asked with slight alarm in his voice. "Never better, doc" I lied. "Always had trouble swallowing pills." I told him. He smirked. "You're doing great buddy, I'll see you at group today. Rubinski left my room, leaving me alone with the voices. I scurried over to my private toilet as soon as he was out of earshot, and forced my fingers into the back of my throat. This was the worst part of my mornings. Some people don't like walking the dog, others despise driving to work, and I hate forcibly vomiting to appease the voices in my head. "The things I do for you guys." I muttered after I finished. I wiped my lip with my sleeve and flushed the toilet. "Griiiittttsss" they screamed. "God, I hate you guys." I was given the special privilege to walk around the rehabilitation area freely, given I had no history of violence. That was more than most of the others here could say. I began moving down the long corridor towards the cafeteria. It's hard for me to tell exactly how long I've been in this institution. Most people struggle to remember things in the chaos of everyday life, and they don't have breakfast-loving demons in their heads. I passed by a few more "dorms," the glorified cells where they keep us, as the voices continued in a mad chatter. As I walked the chatter grew louder and louder and then suddenly stopped. "What's up guys?" I wondered as I suddenly grew suspicious of everything around me. I turned my attention to a door about 30 feet down the hall. I could hear a faint noise escaping from the room. As I moved closer, my curiousity turned to disbelief. The voices! *My* voices! They were coming from inside. I read the plaque next to the door. "Dr. Rubinski, Head Psychologist." What was going on here? I never heard the voices from outside like this. I had to find out more. The door was solid. Built like that of a bunker, presumably to keep Rubinski safe. I pressed my ear up to the metal of the door. The incoherent chattering continued, it was definitely emanating from this room. As my mind wandered, I started to wonder if it was not to keep him safe, but to keep him inside. I tried the handle, "locked." I muttered to myself. I went to peer through the keyhole to try and get some idea, *any* idea of what was going on in there. Just then the voices in my own head started up again. "Guaaaarrrdddddsss." they moaned. I looked up just in time to see two men in blue uniforms briskly making their way towards me. "Step away from the door!" One shouted gruffly. I quickly obliged not wanting to lose my free-roam privileges. "Oh sorry sir." I said quickly, "I was just wondering if Dr. Rubinski was around? We have an appointment." "He's not seeing anyone this early." The other guard replied with equal gruffness. "You really like the word *gruff* don't you?" mused the voices. Ignoring them I turned my attention back to the...surly guards. "Yes of course, I'll just be making my way to the cafeteria then." "We'll make sure you do." I had no choice but to let them escort me all the way to the dining area. "I'll have to go back to Rubinski's room later." I thought wondering how I could do so less conspicuously. "Griiitttttssss." The voices chimed in again. "Well at least someone's happy." - To be continued. 