
*'And smells pretty good'* he said starring at the potato. Was he joking? It did not look as if he was. What kind of man has never seen a potato? I did not ask him any of my immediate thoughts, I did not want to appear impolite, so instead I laughed, and the rest of the family started laughing too. The only person not laughing was my daughter. I observed him for the rest of the dinner, he was indeed a strange boy, often stopping to compliment the potato, but he never took a bite. He even went to fill his plate with more meat, bread and vegetables all while the potatoes were still laying on the side of his plate. Still he complimented them as if he ate them and had eaten many. The boy was hungry too, he ate so much that I went and said: *'I bet if you ate your potatoes, you would feel full'* Not a polite thing to say, I know, and it was soon reflected by my daughter when she said: *'Daaad!'* as if I had violated an unwritten rule. My wife said nothing, but I felt her gaze upon me as if she did not find this kid weird at all. Maybe the compliments had gotten to her head. *'Maybe when we are done eating, you could give me the recipe to the potatoes?'* At this point I wanted this shit show to end. Was this kid messing with us, or was I going mad over nothing? Apparently I was. My wife casually started explaining the recipe for 'potatoes'. And it went something like this: *'First you buy them - then you boil them'* That is it. No more magic over here chief. It is plain potato. The main course was done and dessert rolled in. And to my surprise my daughter's boyfriend picked up the potatoes from the dinner plate and placed them on the table next to the finely crafted porcelain bowl meant for ice cream. He started stuffing himself again, repeatedly he went to fill his bowl with more dessert. I went to fill mine too. It turned into a one sided battle that only I was aware of. Who could eat the most? The boy did not budge, there was not enough dessert to break him, nor me. The dinner was done and he thanked my wife for a delicious meal: *'Thank you very much. Now I got to get going as I am in a hurry. You see, I saved the potatoes. Is it okay with you if I take them with me home?'* *'Of course it is!'* My daughter's boyfriend thanked us again, and wished us a good evening. He kissed my daughter on the cheek, picked up the potatoes, and went outside to his car. There was silent until my daughter broke out: *'He just don't like potatoes okay! Jesus, dad you don't understand a thing!'* She went to her room and slammed her door as if I was the bad guy. I could not help but wonder why he had not said so. Was he afraid of being impolite? Maybe so. I thought about it for some moments before I went to the window to check the front porch. It was snowing and somewhat windy. My daughter's boyfriend had not driven off yet, and through the flakes of snow, from window to window, I noticed him sitting behind the wheel eating potatoes. 