
Jason and Aelia locked eyes across the vast expanse of their crowded rooms, separated by far more than just the glass between them. On the stage in the front a 4-armed DJ in his own isolated booth pumped the same music through both halves of the club, fusing the mass of species together to the tune of the pounding bass. The two made their way down mirrored staircases and into their respective crowds, Aelia's side a riot of shapes, colors, and humming atmospheric scrubbers. Jason's, by contrast, seemed almost uniform despite the presence of humans of every nationality and description. For most of those who came to *Club Penumbra* the experience was something akin to a combined freak show and concert, like going to a zoo to see all the creatures that might kill you on the other side of the glass. For the two lovers it was date night. They battled their way to the same point along the translucent wall and danced with their hands barely a quarter inch from each other. It was the closest they could ever come to touching. As the beat pumped through him Jason watched Aelia with a feeling akin to rapture. From the moment they'd met two years before he'd thought she was the most beautiful woman of any species he'd ever seen. He memorized every curve of the dress that clung to her dusky skin, watched the thin sapphire extremity of her tail as it coiled around an ankle, sliding back and forth in time to the music. They spoke over ear pieces as they danced, barely even able to hear each other but happy just for the fact that the words were spoken so near. Feeling strangely alone and completely together despite the crowd the pair sank into their night, living out their youths with the devil-may-care attitude common to the 20 somethings of both species. It was the purest love. The most complete commitment, the most absolute expression of trust and hope that he could have ever imagined! So Jason told himself every night when he went to sleep alone, and so too did Aelia in the unutterable lilts and hisses of her native language. But even still, even with that...if he could just kiss those burgundy lips one time without fear of viruses or bacteria or plagues the nonhuman races could never imagine... Jason shook his head hard and wiped away the tears as Aelia watched. Her smile was small and sad, but only for him. When Jason looked back at his lover her face was pressed to the glass, nose smushed in a way that somehow looked even more adorable. He pressed his face in too and kept dancing, crying in small, abortive bursts. Aelia would have as well if her species were capable of it. Friday night faded into Saturday morning to the beat of a synthesized drum, two hearts separated by the biggest quarter inch in the world. ----------------- If you liked that I've got way more over at [r/TurningtoWords](https://www.reddit.com/r/TurningtoWords/). I'm currently working on a serial about three teens encountering a hive mind and there's other standalone stuff like a giant, faceless, psychic tiger. Come check it out, I'd love to have you! Edit: thanks for the award! 