
**My(37M) wife(34F) has been looking through videos and has found that our son (7) only speaks one word in each video. The words in order of the videos seem to make a sentence. She thinks our son is trying to tell us something. Like a warning. Help!** My wife has been all over this Facebook thing. Recently she has be insistent that we delete all of our data on Facebook and transfer it to a Zip drive via email. She has been going through the videos and pictures doing a delete and keep. She has finished up all of the pics and has moved on to the videos. The thing is our son's videos seem to be different than the rest and only for the past few months. For instance up until about two months ago he would talk like every other kid his age now he only speaks one word while looking at the camera. Then he runs away or he starts playing again. My wife being the best woman in the world has gone through them and seems to be going crazy. She thinks he is trying to tell us something. She has decided to write down every word from every video he is in when the one word videos started. So far she has the words: *mom, and, dad, you, need, to, listen, to, me, we, are, all, in, grave, danger, they, are, coming, for, us, they, are, coming* My wife thinks honestly that he is telling us or warning us of something. I don't know what to believe. Is he a warning us or have we just caught him mid sentence or we didn't catch the entire conversation. The part about my wife that is also troubling is, she has taken this to heart. She actually thinks he is warning us and has began to be a little paranoid. She has spent countless hours and days looking at the videos and rewatching them. She has been on detective mode. It is putting a strain on our relationship. When it could be something else. It's getting pretty bad. So fellow redditors what do I do? Do I take this as a ominous warning or do I get my wife help? I think my wife is going crazy. TL;DR: wife has been going through videos from Facebook and has found videos of our son saying just one word. She has put the words in order and it seems to come out as a sentence. It's straining our marriage. Is my wife going crazy. Edit: thanks for all the comments. I am going to talk to her and get her away from the videos. Maybe a nice date and take the kids to the park. Edit 2: Date went nice. I was able to convince her to stop with the videos and that it could really be anything. Edit 3: while at the park we were videoing the kids our son came up and said *today* to the camera and ran way. What does that even mean? Now my wife is freaking out and pulled out the list of words from her purse. She has given me the new sentence. She is crying. New sentence: *mom, and, dad, you, need, to, listen, to, me, we, are, all, in, grave, danger, they, are, coming, for, us, they, are, coming, today* What am I going to do? She thinks this means people are coming for us today. Edit 4: several men have pulled up to the house in white vans. I'll keep you updated if anything happens. 