
You know the story of Persephone. You know of the bride stolen by death, and the season's attempt to steal her back. You know the deal made by old laws and the king of the gods. You know the story. You don't know Persephone. What did she think? Did she want to live with her husband, down in the dark where the dead men lie? Did she want to walk with her mother in the sunlight and forests? Maybe she wanted nothing to do with either of them, her kidnapper and her overbearing mother. The story forgot to tell us. It wasn't interested. The Harvest is powerful. Death is powerful. Persephone is not. No-one remembers her. There is a woman out there. Eternally young, flowers in her hair. She's worked petty jobs throughout the millennia- now, she's a barista. She'll make you a drink, and you'll feel young again, just for a minute. And then you'll forget about her, like everyone else. It's been a long time since the days of myth. Mount Olympus is just rock and ice, now, the City of the Gods is gone. Styx is just water. The seasons just orbital tilt. The world runs according to maths and reason now, they say. There is no more need for gods. And so they're gone. The Sea. The Sky. The Sun. The Moon. The Harvest. Death. They are just legends now. But not Persephone. Maybe time cannot slay New Life. Maybe her husband's last act was to spare her from himself. Or maybe it's simply that even entropy doesn't remember Persephone . But what was old is new again. The world has gone dark, and people are seeing the oceans rise, the skies turn to poison, the forests burn. People watch in terror, and call out, more and more, for a new way. For the world to regrow, for death to reverse. They pray to Spring, to Immortality, to New Life. And every prayer to Spring is a prayer to Her. You will go to a coffee shop, and a woman will smile, and ask you what you want. She will have flowers in her hair and you will swear they are growing. You will swear the aches and pains of life fade in her presence. You will drink your order, and you will feel young again, and you will forget her. But not for long. Her sullen ghost of a husband is gone. Her cruel mother is gone. Her uncaring tyrant of a king is gone. But not her. Persephone remains. And soon, it will be time to hear *her* story. 