
It was a tricky thing. Sure, a whole lot of potential, but construction's tough when everyone's murdering each other. Not like people hadn't thought of it before - try and put something up in the dead of night (bit of a pun, mind you), and you got yourself a new lease in the morning. In practice, that just don't work. Little does on that god damned night. No, I had a different idea. Not so much construction as *de*construction. Cause what's the next best thing to free property? *Cheap as fuck* property. Most of the sane stay inside o'course, but I'm not looking for the sane. I'm looking for a bunch of kids too pussyfoot to go out and kill, but with enough pent up frustration to do something else. Some teenagers with more sledgehammers than sense and a lot of time to kill. See, it's as easy as finding the really rundown buildings - the ones that should be demolished in the first place, maybe. Gotta be in the up-and-coming neighborhoods, else I'm just wasting my time. And the others, those fuckups running around that night, aren't much of a problem - few people gonna mess with 100 kids with hammers twice the size of them. Then it's as simple as letting them loose. The windows are boarded, the doors locked, sure - nothing a few swings won't fix, or break. Then they just go ham, laughing all the while, the alcohol making things far more easy for the both of us. They wreck the places, completely tear them down, brick by broken brick. Not a vestige left. Of course, they can keep whatever they find, that's not what I'm after. Not what they're after neither, I don't think. Besides, what's a little more rubble around the piles of dead, eh? Then, the properties are suddenly a whole lot cheaper in the morning, especially when they just don't exist no more. Without fail, I'm always the first one to put in the offer. Besides, these places were gonna be torn down at some point. Most of the owners were holding out for some outrageous price, maybe it serves them right. Might as well give these kids something to let out their frustration on, lest they turn to killing the next Purge. Don't hurt that I get stinkin' rich in the process, of course. **** If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 