
The cool autumn morning was tinged with an anxious energy; you could hear it in the birdsong floating from high branches, in the trickle of the nearby stream. Even nature could sense when tumultuous change approached, but the trees stood like brave sentinels all the same. They didn't have the choice to run, and neither did she. The woman moved around the perimeter of her house, checking the fortifications and armaments. A scar ran the length of her face, from her neck up to a cloudy left eye; a reminder every time she checked her reflection of the danger of letting one's guard down. Moving in a practiced cadence, she readjusted and replenished, ending finally at a monstrous monolith of death. The steel metal of her mounted machine gun glinted in the sunlight, and she rubbed it fondly. "You'll get to sing today ole girl" she cooed to the inanimate machine, checking the breach and making sure it was live and ready to fire. Beyond the thick cement of the security fence lay the ruins of her neighborhood. Evidence of a vicious attack painted the walls of the homes still standing: man sized holes punched through wood and metal, broken windows and rotting remains. It looked as though whatever swarm had come through had a distinct destination, and was willing to plow through plaster and bone to get there. The destruction lay in a ring around her home, and stretched to the horizon. Whistling a jaunty tune, the scarred woman attached lengths of wire to a speaker system that encircled her roof. Pulling the wires through the window, she connected them to a microphone, placed inches away from a massive blender. A hesitant bead of sweat formed on her forehead as she made final preparations, but she wiped it and any thoughts of doubt away with a stark white rag. It was time, she couldn't avoid this any longer. She flicked the power button. The amplified sound of gnashing blades grinding ice thickened the air, the sound like alloy bees ricocheting in a sealed hive. The cubes broke down, and as the ice cream and milk began to blend, the tone morphed into a steady hum. The woman left the appliance on high, moving outside with binoculars. On the edge of the horizon, forming like the wave of an incoming tsunami, was a sea of adolescent men. From toddlers to pre-teens, dressed in ragged torn clothes and frothing at the mouth, they stormed across the already ravaged landscape. Clutched in their hands were various forms of currency and coins, outstretched as though to offer as payment. The human locusts ground up all in their wake, barreling towards the fortified home. The zippo lighter flicked, igniting the rolled cigarette hanging from her mouth. The woman snapped it shut, smoke encircling a righteous smile as she sat behind the helm of the machine gun. Cocking it back, she exhaled a cloud of smoke, and began to fire. 