
"Death is too fitting for someone like you. Instead, your soul shall know no rest as it is trapped forever in this blade." Cenric knelt before his enemy, defeated completely. Blood seeping from his many wounds, but his deepest pain was knowing that his rebellion failed. It was all for naught, and his people were going to suffer for it. Cenric barely felt the blade enter his chest, and soon he felt nothing more. Slight consciousness survived as Cenric recognized his prison over time, but it was many centuries before he became truly aware again. By then, his rebellion was nothing but history. So Cenric sat and he watched as everything passed him by. ________________________________ On its twelfth tour, the Cenric was a battle hardened warship. But unfortunately all ships become decommissioned at some time. Even more unfortunately for the crew, it looked like that time was coming quickly, and at the expense of their lives. The ship was currently surrounded by several German E-Boats, and was being pelted by bullets from every angle. The sounds were deafening as the soldiers ran around trying to return fire. It was to this noise that the spirit of Cenric awoke to once more. It has been several years since his spirit was released from his prison and he was free to wander at least a little further. However, he must always remain close to that which bound him, which was now a part of this ship, aptly named after him. It didn't take long to assess the situation, having been awakened by many other firefights, Cenric was used to how battle was done now days. This also meant that Cenric was aware of how screwed the crew was. Already, men were dropping like flies as holes sprung up all over their bodies. It was a complete slaughter, it only needed to play out. Cenric was the first to notice it, but one of the crew began shouting quickly after. "TORPEDOES!" The ship was going to be sunk, and rather quickly by the looks of it. It only took moments for Cenric to realize that if the ship went down, than so too would he be spending eternity at the bottom of the ocean. He learned a couple of tricks in spirithood, but this would take all of his effort. Cenric quickly dove into the torpedo heading straight for the ship. Expanding everything he could, he pushed the torpedo down as hard as he could, causing it to miss by a mere inch. Then Cenric immediately began pulling it up, steering it right at a different E-Boat. It hit its mark, or rather it hit the completely wrong mark. The explosion opened a large hole in the hull of the ship, dooming it to a watery grave. Preoccupied with imminent sinking, one of the ships began letting up on the fire. This became quickly apparent to the Cenric's captain, and soon after, quickly exploited. The Cenric made its way rapidly towards the new hole in the enemy's ambush and all focus was in getting the ship through it. If they could make it another ten leagues, the ship could reach safe water. It was a big "if" but it was their only chance. The ship started heading full power towards the opening, somehow hitting acceleration it never previously seemed to be able to reach. Miracle after miracle occurred; two torpedoes were launched and two torpedoes missed, no more came. Bullets seemed to fly past the soldiers' heads, but no longer seemed to connect. The E-Boats were quickly falling behind, and the raid on the ship lessened with each passing moment. The captain took some time to thank God for His intervention, for who else could have done such a thing. Cenric sat on the deck, exhausted if a spirit could feel that. It felt like his weight returned to him, and tripled. Interacting with so many physical objects took a toll on him, but he was able to save the ship. The crews of the E-Boats were now most likely examining their engines in wonder. Even their torpedoes would no longer fire. It didn't take long for the E-Boats to disappear in the distance. Cenric smiled, maybe he was still a little bit useful in this world, but for now it was a time for rest. ______ Edit: Changed U-Boat to E-Boat because I don't know WW2 boats. Thanks to u/Xivios for the suggestion! 