
Tom was many things, but a cynic was not one of them. He was a romantic. A true romantic, old school. From a young age he'd been fascinated with love stories. Memorized Romeo and Juliet - the whole thing! - and would recite it for his family in front of the couch. Couldn't get enough of romantic comedy films. Love songs. Novels. Everything. If it had 'love' in the title, he'd read, listen, watch it. He dreamed of one day finding his true soul mate and, together, crafting their own love story - dreamed of finding the Capulet to his Montague, the Rose to his Jack, the Ilsa to his Rick, the Isolde to his Tristan. So when his father announced that he had arranged for Tom to marry the daughter of the Ericsons from work, Tom knew right away he couldn't do it. He couldn't have an arranged marriage, not him of all people! He was destined to a great love story, to a meet-cute, to rivaling families, to forbidden kisses, stolen touches, the whole thing! Not an arranged marriage! It was no use talking to his father, though. Tom tried every argument: he didn't love Jane Ericson. He didn't even know Jane Ericson, had never seen her! He was too young to get married to anyone. He was too bitter. The Ericsons weren't rich enough. It was 2018 and it made no sense for an arranged marriage to even exist in your typical American family and the very premise of this story was straining the reader's credulity! Nothing worked. Tom's father was determined to go through with the arranged marriage. And so the date was set. And so the night before Tom did what any romantic hero would do. He fashioned a makeshift rope from his bed sheets and he climbed out the window, mentally preparing for a life on the run: he would become a drifter. Join the circus. Write a beatnik book. Sleep under bridges by hobo fires. And somewhere between night trains to Tennessee, between the chapters of his road novel, between the roars of the lions and the juggling balls of the circus... he would find his true love. It wasn't until he was halfway down from the window that he looked to the side and saw the girl. On the apartment right next to his, climbing down a bed sheet rope exactly like the one he was dangling from. "Hey, who are you!?" Tom called out, but even as he asked and as the girl looked his way, he knew. He knew who she was. *Oh my God* Tom thought. *This is it. This is Jane, and she is running away too! What a twist of fate, what a Shakesperian extravaganza! The very girl I am running from is also running from me, and oh how ironic is the universe than in both our needs to run from one another we will find the true calling of Cupid! How beautifully poetic! How amazing that life, like the glimmer of the diamond, can shine in many different ways depending on the angle at which we look at it. True love can be found even in the most unlikely of --* Tom never got to finish his line of thought, because he reached the ground at the same time as the lady -- whose real name was Dolores -- and was promptly stabbed to death by her and her three accomplices who, understandably, did not want to leave behind any witnesses to the burglary they had just committed on Tom's neighbor's apartment. Tom died, but if you still want a happy ending, Jane Ericson ended up married to a wonderfully handsome man named Victor. They currently live in Newark with three children and a dog. ___ /r/psycho_alpaca =) 