
We look to the skies at nights. With a forsaken God we turn to ourselves and hold all hope. One day we shall build the ship. A great ball in the sky will come and take us away. You may laugh if this sees the light. Tonight as I write the glare is red and the sky black with swirls of violet. The cliffs rise to the clouds. This subterranean hole used to be home. Now the noises keep me up at night. I follow the news that has yet escaped the censorship. Tonight has been full of empty hopes. Our leader is old, but once he was young and crafty. His skin is grey and cracked. On the TV the lines blur the wrinkles but his voice is hoarse and time's weight hangs heavy around him. He hides somewhere warm, he says, and his best men are working on our salvation. Death too has forsaken us. The years fall like rain and each one is bitter and draining. I remember the days of the Heartland. There a heat had kindled in our world, and a fire spread. The mountains were scored with flames, great curtains of red and orange. The heat pulsed like a heart and we were warm. That great fire embraced us and home had come. We were nomads then, going everywhere and nowhere at once. Cast off long ago from a paradise I have never seen, long had we wandered the plains of oblivion. But we had made this home. Our leader cut the stone and pulled the rock and the expanse of black was filled with promise. This was Hell; and it was not a bad thing. Then they came. You know how people are. You work hard and toil and then when your flower blooms everyone else comes to smell. They came for reasons I cannot say. They hated our world and insulted it, but they never left. At first we were cruel. We savored the fun, and we had lots of it. But they kept coming. Why wouldn't they stop? And they came faster than we could multiply and then we were the minority. Then we were the persecuted. The world became cold and the fires extinguished. Great clouds of steam hung over the clear skies. Our naked skins trembled with discomfort, the water from above hurting our bones with its frigid coldness. Change happened and Hell became something bad, a place of untold suffering. I cannot think of a word that can describe such. Now in pockets of dark we hide in our caves. These outsiders, humans they called themselves, they speak of a place that sounds like paradise. A place where the heat is unbearable and where they were persecuted by the 'demons' of their lands. They say it is not as Hell once was, but that they could not live there regardless. We do not know the place, but they say that Hell is below. So we look up. In secret we have been trying. Our hearts are heavy with the truth, but truth cannot change, and we must accept that Hell is lost. Our paradise is run over by these things of misfortune. These enslavers and murderers. Yes, we had made a game of them in their first coming, but they have turned it to a sport. Institutions are built around indecency, abuse and malice. They are more wicked than us and are pack animals. Resistance has been futile. We must escape. I look to the stars tonight as I do every night. One day I will see the ship. The leader promises it will not be long. He never lies. Long ago he promised home. He gave us Hell. Now he promises salvation. I believe in the ship. I believe we will find another home, one which the humans have abandoned. They call it Earth. I hope to call it Home. 