
"Can't believe it's a Sunday and I have to come in to work to monitor this stupid dust storm." I said to the empty control room. As I sat down with my cup of coffee and booted up the screen, the Curiosity Rover began its little birthday song, which did cheer me up a bit. "Happy birthday Curiosity" I said to it, then went back to my papers, but just then I heard something else, something that definitely wasn't the rover. "Happy birthday Curiosityyyyy, happy birthday to you!" It sounded like a child's voice. I immediately scrambled for the controls and turned the camera toward the sound, and went completely slack jawed at what sight greeted me. It looked like a typical human child except for the fact that it's skin was red, it had a small antenna poking out of its forehead, hair as white as snow, and black eyes dotted with white that looked like the night sky without light pollution. Three fingers and a thumb on each hand, with same amount of toes on each foot. It was clothed in some blue material that contrasted brightly with its skin. As soon as I came back to my senses I hit the record button on the control panel and went up and down the Martian child again, who let out a squeal of what sounded like excitement as the rover started being more active was now inspecting it curiously, and saying things in what must have been its language. I called the head scientists via Skype because I knew they wouldn't believe me if I just said it over the phone who quickly hung up to get ready. "I just discovered alien life" I said in awe as I sat back down in my chair. Who would've known that working on a weekend could make history? ---------------- Hey, I'm u/haloryder, I don't have a sub and don't post here often but if there's interest I'll continue the story. I welcome any and all constructive criticism. Edit: part 2 is in progress and will be a reply to this comment I will reply with a comment notification to those that have replied to this to notify when it is up. Edit 2: parts 2, 3, and 4 are out Edit 3: I have a subreddit now! r/HaloRyder The whole story will be up in a post on there momentarily 