
Officer Jennifer tilted her gaze upward incredulously. "Is this a serious filing?" "Completely serious." She sighed, and Officer Jennifer rubbed the bridge of her nose in irritation. "Sir, the Sanctioned Termination Act is, of course, your right to pursue..." "Yes. Yes it is." The boy in the red hat grinned. "I have as much right as any citizen to select and follow through on a target." "We use the term "Recipient." Officer Jennifer scowled. "And you ARE aware that the Recipient is not in any way shape or form obligated to just permit the engagement to happen uncontested?" The boy grinned with unabashed malice. He couldn't be older than ten years old; seeing such evil warping a young face unnerved Officer Jennifer. "Of course. The hunt is part of the fun." *What the hell is wrong with this kid...* Officer Jennifer made a mental note to report this to her supervisors for inspection. The STA unfortunately had no restrictions on the age of who could file permits, only the age of Recipients. "Fine. Name?" The boy in the red hat held up two fingers. "Two tar... recipients, if you please. Jessica and Jamison Rocke." Officer Jennifer wrote the names down, one each on separate permits. "Grievance?" "It's personal." "I can't give you a permit without listing the grievance you have against them that warrants murder, kid." "Fine. Theft. They keep trying to steal my pet from me." "You're wishing to kill two people.. over a pet?" The boy smiled, and pulled the pocket of his shirt open a little ways. A small dormouse, tawny yellow in color, peeked out with a curious squeak. "Mister Peeker and I are very close, you see." Officer Jennifer wrote it down on the two forms. "I am obligated to tell you that Jessica Rocke and Jamison Rocke will be immediately notified of this filing. Once we can confirm they have been informed of the attempt on their life, you will be notified of the beginning of your seventy-two hour Engagement Period. Any activity taken against the Recipients prior to that notification is not considered legal engagement, and will be subject to standard laws." The boy in the red hat nodded gleefully. "I wouldn't want them not to know. I *want* them to be afraid. I want them to know Ashe is coming for them." Officer Jennifer waved her hand at Ashe, wishing to get his disturbing presence out of her station. "Your copy of the forms will be available at the desk down the hall. And again, no activity is permitted until we notify you that the Recipients have been notified. ..No matter how fun it may sound." Ashe barked a cold piercing laugh, and reached into his pocket to scratch Mister Peeker on the head as he left to claim his forms and await his Engagement Period. 