
Grog narrowed his eyes and made a face. "How could humans be dangerous? This one's been crying in the corner since we captured it." Pedriak snirked. "Yes, but crying in the corner. Where we left it. Untouched. Un*approached*." Grog glanced over. Pedriak shrugged. Grog looked back through the two way mirror and asked, "Are you insinuating that *I* am too afraid to approach the creature that *I* captured?" He glanced over again. Again, Pedriak shrugged. Grog looked back through the two way mirror and said, "Because if you were insinuating that, you would be wrong. I am not afraid." "You should be," entered a third voice, a scientist by the name of Zuwap. "Based on my scientist research, the human race is potently dangerous when backed into a corner. And this human-" he peered through the mirror "-has reached extreme levels of hysteria. Approach at your own risk, and with caution. Any contact with the human at this time could be drastically fatal for your health." "Blah blah blah," said Grog, heading for the door. "I'm going to talk to the human right now." "I wouldn't advise it," Zuwap said. Pedriak snickered. Grog opened the door and went in. "Hey, you-" he said, toeing the human with his boot. The human was of the female species. Long, lifeless, stringy blonde hair curtained over scared,wide blue eyes as she looked up at him. "Please don't hurt me." Her lips trembled. Her body shook. "Yeah, yeah. Look, we need to ask you some questions." He bent down towards her. She stiffened, her eyes following the trajectory of his hand with an eerie steadiness that caused him to hesitate. Then he brushed aside his doubt and grabbed her arm. The contact was like a trigger switch and she was the bomb. She detonated, exploded outward with the force of a baseball bat as she rammmed her forehead into his face, shattering nose and cheekbone. He stumbled back, blood shooting up into the air like a squeezed ketchup packet. Before he could recover, she was there again. Like a wild cat, hissing and screeching as she clawed her nails down his face. The sound of his own skin ripping was worse to his ears than if she had raked her nails down a chalkboard. His body shut down and flipped out into panic mode, hand swiping at his face like he had just walked into a cobweb. He hit something, then he felt her weight lift of him. But his face was still burning. The scratch marks were wide and deep - like she had given him gills on his face. Peering through one eye, he saw the bare heel of her feet padding through the door. He heard screams beyond, the firing of lasers, and just as he faded into unconscious, the red alert arm of the ship's security system. 