
Ramsey took a seat on the scuffed wooden barstool and signaled the bartender. "House whiskey, dry." he muttered and scratched through his thick beard to his cheek. His eyes were bloodshot, his lips dry. Ramsey hated the fucking desert. But he was used to blindly following orders. In his line of work, you went where they told you to go and you didn't ask questions. A smallish, rodent-looking man with a round face took the stool next to him. He was going bald on top, and had beady little eyes. He reminded Ramsey of a neighbor he had as a boy, an accountant. As the bartender sat down Ramsey's shot of Jack, the small man said timidly: "Cock suckin' cowboy." "Come again?" Ramsey demanded, growing red in the face. "2 parts butterscotch, 1 part Bailey's." "Oh." the bartender said, frowning. "Right." "Name's Jonas." the smaller man said, thrusting a hand towards the burly man, causing him to spill the whiskey he was attempting to drink down the front of his shirt. Ramsey closed his eyes, sat the shot glass down, and turned to face Jonas. "You gonna pay for that?" he asked, barely containing his contempt. "Depends." Jonas said calmly as the bartender returned with his CSC. He sipped at it, then continued. "Where are you stationed?" Ramsey considered the little man. "Pushkapoor. Just shot my target this last night, headed back West tonight." "I just shot a guy this morning. Group of guys, actually. Great start to the day." Jonas signaled the bartender for another round. "Funny, I wouldn't have taken you for the type." Ramsey said. "Would have thought you were an accountant." "Oh yeah, I get that a lot. But I've shot lots of people over the years." Jonas said, and made a clicking noise with his tongue. "What's you're record?" Ramsey asked. "I bet mine is higher." "In one day?" Jonas paused, and considered. "Well, back in '09 I had twenty separate head shots. But I was much younger then." "Twenty?!" Ramsey shouted. "No! I can barely get more than a dozen before the screaming starts and everyone's running around haphazardly." "Here's the trick: you have to get as many shots off as you can before they realize what's happening. Catch them in a natural state." The bartender slid them their shots. In unison, the men clinked their shot glasses together and downed them. "What's your best shot?" Jonas asked, licking the remnants of his cock sucking cowboy from his lips. "The one you're most proud of?" Ramsey chewed his lip, and sorted through a catalog of memories. "Fallujah, '04. Shot a man and his wife outside of the U.S military base. They couldn't have been more than twenty yards away, but the shot was perfect. Crisp, clean. And the best part was, it sent a message." "You... you're proud of that?" Jonas asked, bewildered. "Well, yeah. It was a big deal. Everyone was talking about it for weeks. It really impacted Iraqi-American relations." Ramsey said defensively. "What's yours, Mr. Hot Shot?" "It was actually a series of shots-" "Oh, Panoramic?" Ramsey asked and knocked on the bar for more shots. "C'mon that doesn't count." "Fine. The best shot was the very first one. I got a head shot on this Al Queda leader while he was taking a bite of an apple. No wind, lighting was perfect. It was the perfect shot. Got the apple, and the terrorist leader in the shot." "That... that is quite impressive" Ramsey mused. "How far away were you?" "About a mile and a half away. My longest shot to date. Oh, but you know with the improvements in technology it looks like they're standing right in front of you." "I'd really like to see that. Do you have it on you?" Ramsey asked eagerly. "Have what? The apple?" Jonas asked, startled. "No," Ramsey laughed. "The picture!" "Picture of what?" Jonas asked. "The terrorist, with the apple." Ramsey explained slowly, like a teacher talking to a student. "Well there wasn't much left of either of them after I took the shot." Jonas said, perplexed. "I damn sure didn't stop to take a picture." "Wait, what? So you *didn't* take a picture?" "What are you talking about? Do you take a picture of every terrorist *you* kill? I'm not scrap-booking, I'm killing bad guys." "Wait, this whole time you were talking about *actually* shooting people?" Ramsey squeaked, his voice betraying him. "What the fuck were you talking about?" Jonas asked. "You're not a sniper?" "No." Ramsey shook his head in horror. "I'm a photographer." 