
Something funny happened today.... For the first time in a very long time, my wife told me that our daughter wanted to throw me a birthday party. She's still so young but her personality makes me feel a warmth i thought I'd forgotten. I haven't celebrated my birthday since....you know i can't even remember when was the last time i celebrated my birthday. If im being honest i cant even remember how old i am or when it is; immortality isn't as memorable as some would think. There was a knock on the door "Come in" "Hi Daddy" "Hey mini me" For someone with a dad who doesnt smile alot, my daughter loves to smile, but not today. Usually she runs up to me to give a hug; she walked up and stood in front of me Okay now i know somethings wrong. "Whats wrong Jessy" She looked at me with sad eyes. Usually she looks at me like im the only person in the world when were together; right now shes looking at me likes shes never seen me before "Daddy, do you love me?" Well, thats a stupid question i thought "Of course I do. You're my mini me!" She stared at me, scared to open her mouth again "Where you from daddy?" Well....fuck i thought I knew she'd ask me one day but this is a little out the blue. If this were any other person i would just tell them an obscure town in a small country. But not Jessica. For as long as i can remember my life was filled with darkness until Leah and Jessica came into my life. Leah, my first wife or at least the only one i remember. I've lived a long time but leah, she's special. I looked at our daughter and decided to tell her the truth. "I don't know....or should i say i forgot" Her face changed from gloom to gleam and i knew i was going to get bombarded by questions only a seven year old could think of. "Forgot?" "Yeah. You know your daddy is an old man" "You aren't old daddy. Grandpa and grandma are old" "Well, your daddy is a different type of old. Say, Mini Me, why are you so curious about daddy all of a sudden?" Her face changed again She put her face down "...in class...the teacher asked us to say where im from and where my parents are from....and when it was my turn...i didn't know where you were from." "Jess you kno-" "And then stupid emily richards said that since i didn't know where my daddy was from that you don't love me and that you don't exist and that...and that...." She started crying and these feelings and memories of a life i had once forgotten came back. "Well Jess, you do know your daddy. Because i didnt forget where i came from. So tell emily that not only does your daddy love you but you're also able to tell when your daddy is lying" She smiled and looked at me like only she does "Im from somewhere far away, it was a beautiful place filled with wonderful animals and beautiful trees. I loved it there..." "Why did you leave daddy?" "Well i left because i was kicked out by my daddy" "YOUR DADDY KICKED YOU OUT?" "yeah....well, daddy deserved it. I broke his heart and did something i wasn't supposed to" "Does your daddy not love you anymore?" "A daddy never stops loving his mini me" "Did you say sorry?" "Yeah, i did, a lot.....sometimes mini me, a daddy will do things to teach his child a lesson even if they are sorry" "Why?" "Because....sometimes being sorry isnt enough, sometimes in order for a mini me to learn their lesson they have to take time and reflect on what they did. Imagine if daddy broke your favorite toy and i said sorry but i never bought you a toy to replace it" "Oh, i get it...kinda" "Its alright mini me you dont have to get it yet." I heard leah from downstairs "Dr. Evil...Mini Me, its time for dinner" Alright jess you get one more question before we go eat. "Hmmmmmm..." She looked up in shock "Whats your name daddy? Mommy said that you dont use your real name because if you did it would make a lot of people angry" "Well i go by a lot of names, some good and some bad, but you, my dear mini me, can call me adam" (Side note this is my first time writing a short story but i hope you enjoyed it and thanks for reading :)) 