
"Harry," the bespectacled man gazed over steepled fingers at me with tired eyes. "You know why you're here, right?" Incandescent lights buzzed obnoxiously in the claustrophobic room. "I would guess because of the missing money" I said, "although, I suppose there could be any number of reasons you would need to interview me in such an..." my eyes searched around the spartan interrogation chamber for an adequate adjective, "inviting place". "Yeah," he sighed, "that's right Harry. We need to interview everyone, you know how it is. Even you, even honest Harry." "That's fine. No worries, Bill." He stood up and took a few paces of to the left. "Well," he turned sharply toward me at the waist, pointing an index finger and a half teasing grin my way "*you* didn't take it out of the vault, did ya Harry?" "No, I didn't." I said. What a preposterous thought, nobody realized how heavy gold actually was. I'd only wanted about 10 mil, no reason to destroy the bank with my frivolities, but that was still almost 250 pounds. I was more of a 12 pushups kind of a guy. No, I'd had ReBot -- the Boston dynamics robo-dog I'd purchased a few weeks back for giggles -- carry it out of the vault. "Yeah, I didn't think so, I just had to ask!" He smiled warmly at me as he reseated himself. He picked up a cup of water and wet his lips. "It's just so strange you know. The video surveillance and the alarm systems cut out at the same time, no records of anything, no calls to security. We're pretty stumped, no clue how someone would take those two out at the same time and still get into the vault, do you know how that could be done?" "Sounds impossible to me, Bill. I mean there are pretty heavy redundancies on the systems. There's a physical switch that welds the vault door shut if current from both of those stops going through the door." I never turned off the cameras, just the alarm system. There was plenty of footage of me and ReBot traipsing through the office. It just happened to be found in the databanks in the year 1618, if anyone bothered to look, which I doubted they would. Our software had never been properly updated for that Y2K bug, and it was pretty easy to maintain most continuity as long as you jumped between mirror-times, when the last two digits of the year are the same and so are the days of the week for any given month, which just happened to happen cyclically every 400 years. "Yeah, that's what the tech boys are saying, but we've got missing footage, and we've got no alarm. So..." He shrugged both hands in the air and widened his eyes in a classic gesture of helpless ignorance. "I don't know what to say, Bill." "We've got the detectives looking over the scene, but they haven't turned up much so far." He looked frustratedly down at the cup of water. "But they won't be able to find much incriminating evidence if it's an inside job like we think it is. That's why we're doing these interviews." I stared at him placidly, rubbing a thumb against a middle finger. "Well, last question, Harry. Do you know where the gold or the money is?" "No, sorry Bill." I'd delivered the gold to Mr. Maloney, an established gentleman involved in the collection of such items. He ran a ship-shape operation, the gold was probably being melted down as we spoke in a disused car plant in Detroit. Or it might be buried in a junkyard in Florida. Or, shit, maybe it was under Mr. Maloney's bed. I didn't ask, he didn't tell. As to the money, I had some numbers on a computer screen, but whether that fitted the definition of 'money' in the strictest sense came down to a rather detailed philosophical discussion. My definition was 'cash,' and since less than 10&#37; of the total wealth of the world was actually manifest in physical cash... I doubted if any of those numbers on my screen were actual 'moneys,' and even then, I wouldn't have know where 'the' money was, just some of it. My face was scrunched up a bit, looking off to the side, trying to iron out the finer points of fiat-based currency and the definition of money. "Yeah, that's fine Harry. We just had to have everyone in, a formality." "Oh, right. Of course, Bill. Let me know if I can be any more help." I got up and walked out. 