
Sometimes dreams are real. You'll know it for truth the first time you linger in the dream through the night, and in to the next morning, then beyond. You'll know when you wake, and sleep, and dream while dreaming, living your life one interminable breath at a time, each moment seeming as real as your moments before the moment you began this decade dream. Eventually you wake. You go from wherever you were on your twentieth birthday back to where you went to sleep on your tenth. A complete reset. No questions asked. You remember everything as well as anyone can remember a previous decade. At first I was overjoyed. All my mistakes, all my growth, all my wildest dreams and hopeless despairs... all the things I missed out on. I could fix them. I could be so much more than I was. But then you think, "What if this is a *dream*"? You've been dreaming so long you forgot you were doing it. The first day is a bit of a haze. You're still unsure if you're going to wake up and be twenty again, or if this is really the miracle it seems it is. You think of all the things you'll do - you won't miss out on Bitcoin, you'll date Blake, you'll meet all your best friends sooner and know them for longer. You fall asleep that night and wake up the next morning ten years and a day old. It sets in. You aren't dreaming, this is real. You go through your life giddy. Each day feels more real than the last and you start to forget that hazy feeling from the first. You forget that you're dreaming. You're nineteen years old, almost twenty, and your life couldn't be more perfect. You've got the girl of your dreams, the riches from all your preternatural investments, and your life is *right*. Your life is the way it should have been the first time. You go to sleep the night before your twentieth birthday expecting a dreamless sleep. Instead you wake to a ten year old nightmare. A hundred year nightmare. A thousand. It doesn't end. I'm stuck in a time-loop. I've lived every possible variation of my life. I've been Uncontested Ruler of the World by seventeen. I cured cancer and aging and every other ailment, and invented perpetual energy machines. No matter what I do, after a full decade from my tenth birthday, I reset. I can't take it anymore. This is my suicide note. ________________ The dreamer grabbed a knife from his parent's kitchen and walked in to the bathroom. He sat in a tub filled with hot water, holding his forearms out in front of him, placing the knife along the vein just under the wrist. *down the tracks, not across* He traced a vein with the blade down his arm from wrist to elbow. Hot, dark blood began to pour from the wound. As the blood began to flow, our dreamer laid back in the tub, submerging the bleeding arm with a sigh. *it's done* The long sigh draws tight and becomes shallow. His breathing becomes labored, then tired, then stops. Our dreamer is unconscious. Then dies. And wakes that morning ten years old. 