
"Why the fuck did we grab this fat kid. He's too fucking heavy to move around." asked one of my captors. "Think about it idiot," replied another voice, "someone who eats as much as this kid does probably comes from a family with money. Now shut your damn mouth and bring him into the warehouse." While these imbeciles continued with their mindless bickering, I had my eyes closed meditating and waiting for the right moment to strike. These blockheads have no clue what kind of force they're dealing with. All of a sudden, a feeling in my gut told me that it was time to act. Or maybe it was telling me that I had one too many Devil Dogs. Either way I wasn't about to doubt my senses, which I have spent so many years refining and honing, so slowly and majestically I opened my eyes. There were five armed men leading me into a warehouse, each wearing masks of different animals. This may be a challenge for me after all. Before we entered the warehouse, I was able to snag a piece of paper floating in the wind and subtly began slicing away the ropes that tied my hands together behind me back. While preparing my escape, they led me into a office room in the back of the warehouse, settled down, and began discussing how they would go about exchnging me for the money. With their guards down and my constraints weakened, I knew this was my chance. "I need to go peeeeeee" I cried out. "Shut the fuck up kid" the man in the tiger mask said. "I NEED TO PEE! BRING ME TO THE BATHROOM" I screamed over and over again until they finally relented and sent the large muscular man with the gorilla mask to bring me to the bathroom. When we were far enough away from the office, I quickly broke free of the ropes and in one swift panther-like move turned around and sliced the gorilla man's throat with the paper. As he lay on the floor desperately trying to keep blood from gushing out of his throat, I leaned down and said "I'm not the kind of guy you want to *monkey* around with." "I'm a...fucking gorilla" he muttered before collapsing into death. I noticed that he and I have similar body types, which gave me a brilliant idea. In my cunning disguise, I walked back into the office room and was met with the shocked faces of my four remaining captors. "The kid is, uh, on the shitter. I - I figured it would take a while" I said totally nonchalantly. "What the fuck" said the man in the tiger mask while reaching for his gun. Have they seen through my disguise? Now might be the time to act. I held the trigger of gorilla man's gun and fired upon my captors, and even when the gun pushed back and butted me in the face sending me to the floor, I did not release the trigger until no more bullets came out. I looked up and realized that I had tactically killed every one of them besides the man in the tiger mask, who was slumped on the floor holding a gun wound on his side. As I strutted over to him and picked up his gun, he threw his hands up and cried out "Wait! Please don't do this Carl! Let me go and I promise you I wont bother you again!" I squinted my eyes. "How do you know my name?" He pulled of his mask and said "It's me Chad! Remember me? We went to highschool together!" Of course I remember Chad. He was a senior during my freshmen year, and he was also the biggest douchebag on school. Always picking on me, walking around like he owned the place, and worse of all tricked every girl into falling for him. He made my life a living hell. "Hey man I'm sorry about picking on you in highschool. Please let me leave and I'll never bother you again. I swear" he meekly pleaded while still clutching his side. I looked at him, then at the gun and said in a powerful yet calm voice "A tiger cannot change his spots." "Wait what? Don't you mean stripes?" "Uhh" "And that wasn't even a tiger mask you moron, it's a lion!" "Umm" "This is why everyone picked on you" he said while coughing up blood. Ignoring his meaningless drivel, I pointed the gun at the temple of his head and said "Resquieta in Pace", which was followed by a loud bang. 