
Reverend Johnson was having a bad day. His dad died last night in a mysterious accident with a woodchipper, he found out his wife's been cheating on him with a farmer, and not twenty minutes ago his son broke the bad news about the growing bald patch on the back of his head. He decided he wasn't having none of that male pattern weakness, and strode into a barber shop. "I'm wantin' a chrome dome, Wilbur. Just get rid of it all," he said as he sat down. "My, my," Wilbur the barber said, "You don't seem to be yo' usual self, Rev'rend." "Well, Willy, things are definitely going southbound for me of late. I find myself questioning God's plan in all this hullabaloo." "I'm not sure if there ever was a plan." "God will surely send me a sign though, Willy. He always does. I've been praying ev--" but suddenly the Reverend was interrupted by a loud *thump* from the sky. "What in the hell was that noise?" Wilbur stopped shaving the Reverend as the lights in the shop started flickering. As the lights seemed to come to their senses, he started shaving again, a bit nervously. "What exactly you been prayin' for, Reverend? We ain't due for no earthquakes." "Oh, a sign. I been praying for a sign that things'll turn around for me." "Well, I reckon you'll be alri--" and then Wilbur was also interrupted. By an even louder *thump* this time. The lights died and the shop's glass made a popping sound, as though some great thunderclap was stressing the air. "Dammit," he said, "Well, I can't cut in this darkness. Come on, Rev'rend, I'll finish up outside." He and the Reverend stepped out onto a curb, and at first nothing seemed amiss. But then it happened. As if hurled from the hand of an incredibly angry angel, a goat came flying into town faster than anything they'd ever seen. It crashed onto a truck across the street, setting it ablaze with an even louder *THUMP* than they'd heard inside. "Oh my god! Holy shit, Rev'rend, well if that ain't a sign! I ain't never seen goats fly before!" But Wilbur stopped on seeing the Reverend's face. A dark cloud had come over him. "What'samatter Rev'rend? Ain't this what you been prayin' for? God Himself's answered you." The Reverend rubbed his half-shaved head before answering, "That was my truck, Wilbur..." ... Unbeknownst to the two men, an irate farmer a mile away had just begun testing his brand-new goat cannon. 