
"Are you an angel?" Peter asked the creature that was bathed in light, light far too bright for him to be able to make out any real features. It was tall though, and he thought he could make out wings billowing behind it. Far away in the distance, he could just see the outline of an arched gate. "*Yes,*" it said in a warm, honeyed voiced. "Does- does that mean..." "Yes." "And this is..." The angel's voice became pitiful. "Do not be sad, Peter, but instead rejoice. This is the reward -- the fruits of your labour. You lived a long life. Not many make it to your age." "I..." Peter stuttered, as a joy inside him fought with an urge to confess. "Go ahead, Peter. There is nothing you hide that I do not already know." Peter swallowed, unclogging his throat and allowing the words to tumble out as a whisper. "*I cheated.*" "As I said, I know." A feeling of warmth ran down the man's spine sprinkling goosebumps in its wake. It was as if a catharsis had washed over him as a great wave, leaving but a single tear trickling down a well worn track. "You do?" "You were a clever man, Peter." "Clever?" Peter's demeanour began to change. "Clever! Hah! No, I was a fool, nothing more than that. Arrogant. A young man who wanted to live for a long, long time. For too long." "That it why you created the device. Did you not get what you wanted?" "*Wanted*? To be a man unable to move from his bed, whose ancient legs were no more than extra limbs stuck onto a barely breathing torso? What animal would desire such torture! That is how the last thirty years of my life were. And how many hundreds of times I died in those years, I do not remember, nor would I care to." "I have given you a new body, Peter." "I... I am forever grateful." "There is more, is there not Peter?" "..." "There is guilt?" "Guilt?" Peter questioned. "I see your soul. There is guilt for the things you did. For the sins." "You mean for the"--Peter swallowed--"for the... for my own deaths? They were irrelevant, for I'd simply be able to live again by dying. There was no sin but arrogance." "You'd live as another you." "It was always me!" he spat. "It was a different you. You'd steal the life of another. Possess him, until you were done with him. Until you were bored and ready to move on to another world. A different life, perhaps better, perhaps not. And if it was not... you'd end their life. And you couldn't ever just leave them, Peter. You didn't let them live out their lives with their families. You'd murder them. You'd leave their families without a father, a husband, a son..." "I couldn't just *let him be*. The only way for me to move on was to-" "Is suicide a sin, Peter?" "*I* never died." "Is murder?" "Murder of oneself, when oneself lives on? Please, spare me this mockery of justice. Either let me in or send me back -- and seeing as you've not already sent me back, it's clear which you will do." The angel stepped out of the light and Peter saw him for the first time. The pocked skin on the creature's face bubbled where it wasn't rotten and peeling. Its thin red lips curled up into a smile. "As always, you are right Peter. Come, there's a place for you inside." 