
They left the note on the dining room table beside a set of spare keys. I read it once, turned it over to the other side, then tossed it in the kitchen trash. Some bullshit, scaring future owners that way. The first knock came at a quarter of 3, soft and shy like they weren't really sure they were supposed to be knocking. "Good afternoon," I said with a pleasant smile when I opened the door. "Hi there," an old grandma said, must have been about a hundred and ten. "I've brought you some lemon meringue. It's a tradition here in the neighborhood." She held it out. I didn't take it. She didn't budge. I took the pie. "Try some, dear," she said, kind as kind could be. It looked something special. Swirls of white meringue with their tips baked to a light brown. A perfect crust, as delicate as could be. I frowned, thinking of the note. "I just had lunch." "Oh, there's always room for dessert. Try some. Here," she said, handing me a fork. "Try some." She smiled. It stretched too wide. She didn't blink. Not once. "I will," I said. "I promise. I'll try some in a bit." Her smile didn't waver. She just nodded. "Okay, dear. That's fine. Please be sure to try some." I closed the door behind me. Set the lemon meringue pie on the kitchen counter and didn't try a bite. Lying to an old woman came easy as stealing from them, so I wasn't at all concerned. I did fish out the note from the trashcan, gave it another read for good measure. That's when the second knock came. It was a couple now, old as well. My parents age, maybe a little older. She looked familiar. Him, not so much. He didn't look all that good either. Like he'd had too many pieces of lemon meringue pie. "Hi there," the lady said. "I've brought you some lemon meringue. It's a tradition here in the neighborhood." She held it out. I took it right away. "Try some," she said. "I will. I promise. I'll have some in a bit." "Try some," her husband said. His voice sounded tired. Worn. Like a sugar rush that'd crashed too hard. I set it on the counter beside the other pie. The meringue was less neat. The crust less crisp. It could have done with a couple more minutes in the oven, not that I was any Gordon Ramsay. The third knock came just as I stepped away from comparing the two pies side by side. It was a couple again. Both familiar. Him and her. About my age, plus or minus a couple years. She smiled wide. He did, too. He wasn't tired now. Young and energetic as I was supposed to feel. "Welcome, neighbor," he said in a kind drawl. "We've brought you some meringue that I hope you'll enjoy." I shook my head. It looked nothing like the others. As if they'd never made meringue before. The middle sagged. The crust was raw pastry. "I don't like meringue," I said. *Especially when it looks like that.* My heart raced. Sweat clammed my hands. "It's lemon meringue, neighbor," she said. "Everybody like lemon meringue." "I don't," I insisted. I went to close the door but the husband's foot was in the way. "Excuse me," I said. "Excuse you," he said back, his drawl turning into a dangerous snarl. Still he smiled. Wide. Too wide, as if the corners of his lips so desperately wanted to touch his ears. "Have some meringue, neighbor," the lady told me. "I told you, I don't like meringue," I said. And then their smiles disappeared, their cheeks finally returning to their normal resting state. Together they spoke in perfect harmony, like a bite of perfectly baked meringue with just the right amount of crust combined with lemon. "If you don't like meringue, neighbor, then we don't like you." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 