
######[](#dropcap) Kael glanced around before furtively making his way to the edge of the cliff. He had scoped the place out beforehand. Hell had seven levels, complete with monsters, demonic beings, and torture. It *was* possible to get out, but it took either a lot of skill and talent, or a lot of effort, neither of which Kael had or wanted to put in. So he stuck a point into luck each time. Yes, it had caused him to fall behind his same class arrivals, some of who were already more than halfway to layer two, but he had a plan. He leaned over a just a little and watched the bubbling pit of lava below him. If he died here, all of his levels and stats would be gone. He would have to start anew. Just the prospect itself was a little daunting. He took a deep breath. And jumped. For a moment, he was sailing through the air, the crimson walls streaming past him. Then, he was scrabbling at the hard-packed dirt, his fingers struggling to find purchase so he wouldn't fall into the lava below. His finger found a stray root from a devil's tree, and he pulled himself up, his heart pounding. He looked back at the mainland, the large area where all the quests took place. He had discovered this place when he was gallivanting around at level 1. At level 1, you might as well be invulnerable. If you died, you didn't lose anything. So he had used his sweet time exploring. And his exploration had paid off. He had discovered that on the edge of the map, just beyond devil's cliff, there was a huge pillar. Not just a pillar, but what appeared to be a set of stairs, almost tucked away behind a glamour of invisibility, but his one extra point in luck had allowed him to glimpse it, just for a second. It must be how the monsters got around from floor to floor. They had to go home for the day too, so it made sense that there would be a separate employee's entrance. After all, no matter how much the devil tried to imitate an actual RPG, it seemed unlikely that he would spend his resources teleporting monsters around. Kael clambered to his feet and rushed toward the pillar. Once he reached it, he stuck a hand out. The glamour shimmered for a second around his hand. He stepped forward again, and it faded. Now he could see the stairs, a huge set of crystal steps set into the hard quartz of the pillar that seemed to spiral into the heavens themselves. He felt giddy. It couldn't possibly be this easy. All those points he had put into luck had finally paid off. He took the first step. And a heavy weight pressed down on his shoulder blade. He froze, holding his breath. Then he looked back to see a man in a suit standing there, a large grin on his face. "What are you doing there?" the man said. His head cocked to the side, not unlike a bird of prey, and his pupils narrowing into slits like a cat's. "Um...I'm just checking the stairs for you. Wanted to see if they were in order. You know, maintenance can be a huge hassle, and it's important to check on the infrastructure..." Kael felt the rest of the words tie on his tongue. He was sweating profusely, and he was sure the man's hand would be soaked through if he didn't let go of his shoulder. The man looked at for a moment, his expression serious, and then he broke into uproarious laugher, the snake fangs in his mouth becoming crystal clear. His forked tongue flitted, and he settled his gaze back on Kael. "Unit 91281, huh? I like you. You've got a sense of a humor." He walked in a circle around Kael, taking his appearance in. "You know what? I'll make an exception, just because I like you so much." He pulled a small silver medallion from his pocket and flipped it into the air. Kael reached forward to catch it. The medallion was ice cold, and on its surface was carved the image of an apple. "You and I are quite similar people." He paused, then smiled. "Sorry, not people. I'm a Seraphim. But we're similar, and I like to watch my people succeed. So I'll cut you a deal. You keep that medallion on you, and you can avoid the final boss fights." The man made to walk away, then turned around. "Actually, I'll do one better. You manage to find me again, I'll give you the option to rule hell with me." In a flash of red smoke, he was gone, leaving Kael to stand there slack-jawed, staring at the medallion in his hand. Had his luck just won him the favor of Lucifer? ***** I'm actually writing an RPG fantasy story on my sub (r/AlannaWu), so if you liked this story, you might like the story called [Digital Phantom](https://www.reddit.com/r/AlannaWu/comments/8b0wvi/wp_you_die_in_a_virtual_reality_pod_and_now_your/)! Thanks for reading! 