
It was just by chance that I was there that day. I happened to be walking aimlessly along and a homeless man stopped me. He asked if I had the time. "Time for what?" I asked. Thinking back it was a dumb question. Obviously, he wanted to know what time it was. I, in my distracted state, didn't catch on. "Time for a chat with a random stranger?" He countered. I looked at my phone. Yeah I had time before I was meeting up with my friends. It wasn't really my MO to talk to random homeless strangers, but he seemed harmless and like he just wanted some company. "Sure. Any topics that interest you?" "Many. So so many. Pick anything you want." "Okkk."I said a little perplexed. I honestly had thought and hoped he'd pick the topic. I didn't know what to talk to a homeless person about. "What is one of the things you've enjoyed most in your life? Or your greatest adventure?" I asked hoping to help him relive happier times. His face lit up, "oh there are countless things I've enjoyed. What in life is there not to enjoy? But I'd have to say I truly enjoyed my nights under the stars and when I was lucky enough to see the northern lights and midnight sun. I spent years wandering through Europe. The adventures were countless." That wasn't the answer I'd expected. "Tell me your life story. Start at the beginning." I said genuinely interested. He smiled, "well, I was orphaned at a young age.." A tragic start. I was hooked. He had barely made it through his early childhood by the time my phone went off. It was one of the posse asking why I was half an hour late to our meet up. I interrupted his story, "I am so sorry. I got so caught up in your story I didn't realize what time it was. I really really want to continue this. Can we hit pause? Will you be here... for the foreseeable future? I can't promise I'll be here tomorrow..." "Oh don't worry. Friends are important," he said with a knowing smile, "wouldn't want to make them to become enemies. That's always tragic and hurts the heart. I don't know where I'll be on any given day. I'm still prone to wander." "Please," I begged. "Can you wander back here next Saturday? I'll bring breakfast." "Alright, I suppose this one time can't hurt." "Thank you," I said and dashed off, "Saturday! Around 10! Breakfast!" He waved in acknowledgment. That was the beginning of our relationship. The conversation always started the same. He'd ask if I had the time to talk to a random stranger. I'd say i did and did he have any topics that interested him. He always did. Stories about his life, stories he'd heard, stories, stories, stories. He was full of them, and so good at telling them. I could tell he loved to tell the stories too, but as time went on he seemed reluctant to stay and keep telling them. He always said he was prone to wander after telling me stories. As time went on he changed from being prone to wander to really needing to move on. I couldn't stand for him to go. I begged him not to. Then one day he wasn't there. He said he was going to be, but he wasn't. I was actually really sad. It had become a regular thing to meet him on Saturdays with breakfast. It left a void in my routine. Not only that but we had become friends. It kind of stung that he just up and left without saying goodbye. I knew he had been itching to move on, but I never thought he'd just go without warning. I still went to our meeting spot every Saturday hoping he'd come back. It was almost two months later when a man in a neatly tailored suit came up to me where I was waiting, hoping for my friend to come back. "Do you have the time to chat with a random stranger?" He asked. "Sure. Do you have any topics that interest you?" "I do. I wonder how you came to know Mr. Rosenblat so well that he named you the sole inheritor of his estate, but that really isn't my business. He left this for you. In there is my card when you are ready to claim your inheritance. You'll have to stop by my office and sign some paperwork." He handed me an envelope and left. I had no idea who Mr. Rosenblat was. Honestly, and strangely enough, the homeless man and I had never swapped names. I opened the envelope and read, "My friend, I'm sorry I couldn't make it to our appointment. I am prone to wander. If you're reading this, I've not wandered far enough, and yet I've wandered very far indeed. I would have loved to tell you more stories but I'm afraid I've been cut short. Remember how I told you friends becoming enemies is tragic and hurts the heart? I'm afraid my past has found me. To you I leave all I've amassed in my life. Consider it payment for your numerous delicious free breakfasts and your time. Again, I'm sorry. Sincerely," And it was signed with the most ornate and beautiful signature I've ever seen: "J Rosenblat" 