
The justice system was bogged down, the prisons overcrowded, and vigilantism was becoming a dangerous, unregulated industry. So, as we had done with most drugs, prostitution, gambling, firearms, and the other 'vices' we legalized it, regulated it, and taxed it. No more shoddy back alley stranglings, with all the messy paperwork that entailed. The autopsys, the criminal investigations, the endless files of unsolved murders. The awkward pre-murder rapes. No more. You filed your request online, the required 'cooling off period' of one year passed, and if you didn't change your mind, the men and women in white body armor would show up at your target's place of residence or business, and that was that. It would be clean and efficient, the politicians promised. Like the DMV. The first three weeks after the end of the first waiting period saw the death of virtually every religious and political leader in the world. Hollywood was leveled. Only a handful of professional athletes survived. Basically if you were famous, it only took one hater to take you out. Leaders in business proved more savvy than most, consolidating power relatively rapidly behind closed doors and in hidden chatrooms. When being famous became a death sentence, only the secretive survived. Within a year, nobody knew who was running anything. But surprisingly, things kept getting run despite the sudden power and fame vacuum. An amendment to the law came into effect, put in place by the new shadow powers without anyone being exactly clear about who wrote or ratified it. Anyone could issue a death sentence on anyone *who had already issued a death sentence on someone else*. Anyone who had yet to exercise their right to 'the pursuit of someone else's life' (a phrase timidly coined by one of the first of the new generation of post-purge late night talkshow hosts) was immune from execution. The world became a giant Mexican standoff. The death request data bases were unsearchable by any human. Locked down and read only by encrypted, autonomous algorithms living in The Cloud, there was no way to guess, other than by old fashion examination of your conscience, if anyone had requested your execution. If you thought yourself universally well liked, you could submit a name and take your chances, but if you were wrong, it might be your door the white suits came knocking on. Conversely, you might summon up all your courage, submit the request, wait a terrifying year, all for nothing if your victim still had his or her 'halo'. Many people experimented with submitting deathrequests, living in a state of tension between fear and bloodlust before cancelling a week or an hour or a second later. A cancelled death request returned you to a state of immunity again, but the double thrill of having acted on the impulse to kill combined with the Russian roulette of having exposed yourself to reprisal was reported by some to be a highly satisfying and cathartic experience. Others claimed it was incredibly addictive. A few sickowebsites sprung up where hyper aggressive young men bragged about putting their hit out on innocent strangers for irrational reasons that were generally related to race, class or religion. These websites were legal, but their originators tended to have white suited visitors put an end to their escapades, once they had succeded in becoming famous for all the wrong reasons. Fame generally went out of fashion. The new class of subdued celebrities and figureheads tended to brag often about their 'halo' status. Their claims on virtue were only slightly marred by the threat of death. Losing your halo became unpopular, something generally looked down on, if known, and when an execution did occur, most people turned up their noses knowing that the 'victim' had done the same thing to someone else. Although technically illegal, the practice of selling off your halo to the highest bidder became a way that many older folks or those with terminal illnesses padded their retirement accounts. There was much public debate about this (all done by talking heads with *their* halos firmly in place). It was considered by many to be an honorable practice, and calls for legalization mounted. I disagreed with popular opinion myself. I thought it shoddy and demeaning to the elderly and disadvantaged, but for me, there was also a practicality here that I could not ignore. I took out a small loan and bought out some poor devil in South America, sending her on a cruise with her grandkids during her final months, in exchange for a hit on a certain pedophile I just happened to have known for far too long. The South American grandma lost her battle against cancer just after her cooling off period ended, and I scanned my news feed every morning. I was unsurprised but satisfied to learn that my acquaintance's halo went missing just long enough for the white suits to haul him out of his bed one Monday morning, pissing himself and bawling for his mother. The world was becoming a better place. 