
"Everyone, put your wands away and sit down!" the gruff teacher bellowed, as 20 young magicians all found their seats and gradually quietened down. There was a growing excitement in the air. "Now, any jokes in poor taste will get you Wingardium Levio'sent out the goddamn window, I assure you," the teacher continued. "This is a serious class, and I will not tolerate disruption." The students rolled their eyes. They were already teenagers, and considered themselves more than ready to learn about the mysteries of the Dark Arts. He lifted up a heavy chest with a grunt, dropping it onto the table in the middle of the classroom. He patted it thoughtfully. "Can anyone guess what's inside?" Some timid hands raised, and he stared at them sternly. "The correct answer is *you do not want to know*. This is something that would happily eat you for breakfast, although it'll make sure you're alive to see it. The Dark Arts are a terrible, terrible form of magic - but they are also necessary, unfortunately." The chest suddenly lurched forward, and he grabbed it with both hands. The students recoiled back in shock. It struggled against his grip, and he raised his voice over the noise. "What kind of spell would you recommend using against this?" he asked the class. "Avada Ked-" one of the braver students began to say. "NO!" the teacher roared, pointing a stern finger at him. "Even when the situation is dire, you must not resort to the worst. Who knows who or what you might hit, least of all yourself. No, you'd want something to constrict it, something painful but not deadly. Crucio would not be unwelcome, but there are plenty more spells that would be more efficient. Now, I hope I remembered to lock it..." Suddenly the chest burst open, a small yet fearsome creature leaping from its confines. Every single student screamed loud enough to make the windows rattle. The teacher bellowed in laughter, clutching his stomach, shaking from the exertion. "Thank you, Falpey, that will be all," he told the costumed house elf, who nodded with a grin and left the classroom, dragging the chest behind it. The classroom was silent except for the final few guffaws of laughter from the teacher. "My apologies, class," he said, wiping the tears from his face, "just my little way of welcoming you to Hex Education." ***** If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 