
A single candle flickered, casting a tall and a short shadow against the cream office walls. 'I'm scared,' Ali said. The little boy looked up at his mother. His eyes twinkled, holding the reflection of the flame in the black of his pupils. Hannah placed her hand over his and said. 'Don't worry. It's not real.' 'That's right,' I said. 'It's only an exercise to help you say goodbye to your dad.' The flame glimmered in a thin layer of water now coating Ali's eyes. 'Are you ready to begin?' Hannah pulled Ali close. 'Remember to think about how you want to say goodbye, and I'll do my best to play John's role.' Hannah nodded and gripped Ali's shoulder tighter. I closed my eyes and opened my body, mind, and soul. The undead follow their loved ones. In my mind, I called John's name and invited him to speak through me. A second passed, and then unfamiliar thoughts swam through my mind. I allowed them to grow, and it was as gentle as moving from the driver's seat to the backseat. *Take the wheel.* John opened my eyes. Ali looked at his mother and then me. 'Dad?' John smiled like someone trying to raise a flag for the first time -- one unsure inch at a time. The smile wavered as he focused on holding it in place. 'It's so good to talk to you.' The words dribbled from my mouth in a washed mix of John's accent and mine. Ali tried to break free from his mother, to charge over and hug his dad. But Hannah held tight. 'You look so beautiful, Han.' Surprise flashed across Hannah's face. 'This is too weird.' Ali exchanged glances between us. 'Mum says we have to say goodbye, but I don't want to.' 'Please stop this.' John tilted my head. 'It's me, Han.' Hannah rose. 'I said, stop it.' My legs jerked to life and John wobbled upright. 'Please try for me.' 'Pretending to be my *dead* husband is wrong.' 'I'm not pretending.' Hannah pulled Ali with her towards the door. 'Wait,' John called. He tried to follow, but it was like walking on stilts for the first time. The gap widened, and they were nearing the door when John blurted. 'You hated my mother.' The words wrapped themselves around Hannah's legs and locked her in place. I tried to claw forward and reclaim the driver's seat. But John wouldn't let me. *You've got to stop, John.* I thought. *You can't go down this route. They can't know this is real.* John ignored my voice. 'We even had a codename for her.' Hannah swung around, spilling hot tears down her feverish cheeks. 'This is sick. You know that?' John held up my hands. 'Han, it's me.' 'You think you can hack into our conversation history and exploit my relationship?' Ali backed into a corner, away from his mother. He slid down against the wall and brought his knees to his chest, hugging them tightly. 'Octopus,' John said. Hannah laughed through clenched teeth. 'Un-fucking-believable.' 'We called her that because it's like she has eight arms and each one has enough suction to trap you. We never messaged about the reason, did we?' I tried to claw my way forward, but it was like John had partitioned the car with plexiglass. *You won't be able to keep my body forever.'* Johns voice filtered through. *I don't need to.* 'No,' Hannah said in a small voice. She crossed her hands over her chest. 'John -- is that really you?' John nodded. 'Listen, I want you to join me.' 'What?' 'I want you both to join me,' John gestured toward the corner where Ali hid. 'The afterlife is *so* pretty.' I started fighting my way forward again. *What the fuck are you saying to her?* I could see John's soul; only it wasn't pink. It pulsed with a mixture of black and white. *You're not John.* The foreign voice snarled. *Took you long enough.* 'I don't understand,' Hannah said. The thing moved my body across the room and comforted Hannah. She crumpled against my body and looked into my eyes. 'Join me.' --- /r/WrittenThought --- Edit: I wish I had more time to write today. But I'm visiting my grandparents; however, I'll most certainly write a second part and post it on my subreddit tomorrow. Edit2: [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WrittenThought/comments/c2iv8x/nightmare_guest_part_2/) 