
There was nothing but desolation. The land around him was a hardpan full of fissures from where little errant trees and low blades of grass rose. The wind was humid and heavy, and it carried an odd sort of heat. He found himself on the greatest tree laying on the thickest bough, and from there he eyed the seam of land and sky, and there he found nothing but a gray day and vast solitude. He was alone in a place he didn't know, clad in wet heaviness, and full of long and strange hairs. His thoughts spun and eddied, perhaps in an attempt to slink into the deepest burrows of his mind and disinter an immemorial memory, for this place, in odd ways, was familiar to him. But for all that he tried, nothing did he find. And so, seeking for an answer, through careful movements he clambered down the tree, but even with his care his motions were unfamiliar, almost alien to him, and so a branch cracked and a new fissure ran across the already cracked surface. He rose to his feet grumbling, and even the way he grumbled seemed alien. It was then when he looked at his hands, at the size of and color of them, at the amount of hairs and their thickness. There, with the wind muted and the shapeless veil of silence crowding the land, he remembered. There was no desperation within him, no thundering heart, nor anything of the sort. There was one thing only, and that thing was an idea, an objective. That idea was enormous, so much so that it gave no space for others ideas to be thought. He roved forth in this body that'd ceased being his a long time ago. Nights and days he ambled, hiding from creatures he barely remembered, clinging on to his deepest instincts to survive, but his wandering journey came to an end during the first night with a full moon, for there in the moonlit land, rising from a crevasse was a mushroom, and it was no common mushroom, for even looking at it filled him with joy. Without hesitation, he reached for it, climbed to the tallest branch in the tallest tree, and there he ate, and all of this he did with a smile. Many times he returned to the hardpan, many times he returned to the desolation, and many times he sought for a new mushroom. After all, they were the gate to his true life. ---------------------------- r/NoahElowyn 