
Beads of sweat rolled down Hector's forehead, threatening to sting his eyes as they collected on his bushy eyebrows; he dabbed his face with the hand-towel he kept slung on his apron for that specific purpose, calling out merrily to his young employees on the other side of the service counter. "Two large Hawaiian and one Italian heat ready to go!" his raspy voice boomed through the small restaurant, and a slender kid responded quickly, grabbing the warm boxes of pizza and spinning on his heels. "Number 64 you're out the door, grab your pies please!" Hector never imagined himself running a pizza joint, hell, he never expected to make it past 35. So, when he looked out past the heat of the kitchen towards the crowded, bustling dining area, he was filled with joy. Against all odds, against his upbringing and his sins, he'd managed to carve out a peaceful, honest life for his family. Six sons, all still alive and well; his two youngest working right here in the original Hector's, and the other four operating the two expansions they'd opened in the last few years. Uncles, aunts, nieces, and nephews, all doing their part to create something that brought joy to the people of their old neighborhoods. He'd had a reoccurring nightmare of the cops storming the place, killing everyone inside, payment for the crimes of his dirty past. But they were just dreams, just horrible, awful dreams. "Boss!" one of the new kids called out from the front, a local high-school girl one of his nephews recommended for the job. Hector snapped out of his daydreaming and poked his head over the counter, "Problem?" "Some guys wana talk to you," she was facing him with a nervous look and shaky voice. Hector came around front, but not before washing the grease from his hands and grabbing a revolver he kept wrapped in a towel under the sink. Sliding the gun into his baggy apron pocket, he calmly approached the cash register where two large, block-headed men were standing. "Gentlemen," he said, maintaining an air of great customer service, "was there a problem with your order? Maybe we can get you boys a few vegan calzones?" "We're here on behalf of our employer," the larger man stated confidently. "He wishes to congratulate you on your business's tremendous success, and to extend to you a little business opportunity." "Oh?" Hector whispered to the young cashier, and she hurried off to the kitchen. "Who might your employer be and what's he got in mind? We do have catering menus, you know?" Both the men chuckled to each other, but the big guy's tone was serious, "Mr. Larry is going to need 10% of your monthly profits, so if you could hurry off to your safe and get that for us, we'll be out of your greasy hair until next month." "Oh?" Hector smiled, leaning on the counter and almost whispering to the men, "and if I don't?" "Then we'll break your fucking--" The old man moved fast, yanking the gun from his apron and bashing the goon's face in with it. He pulled back the hammer as the man fell backwards, pointing it at his still standing associate who'd backed up quickly and thrown his hands in the air. "You crazy old asshole--" He was silenced by the sound of a shell being racked into a shotgun behind the counter. Hector's nephew, Sam, had the long barrel of the weapon trained on the man slowly rising and choking on his own blood. "Get the fuck out of here," Hector screamed over the cries of panic from the regular customers and some of his employees. "and tell Larry, whoever the fuck he is, that if he wants anything from me he can order a shitload of pizza and have you idiots come pick it up--10% discount on the house!" "You're fucking dead," the men were backing up through the hole that had parted in the long line of customers, "we'll be back, and we're gonna burn this place to the ground!" "Good-luck," Sam yelled out as the men scurried out of the door, "we passed our fire-safety inspection just last month!" The mass of customers were frozen in fear, all watching Hector who still had his revolver pointed at the door. He finally snapped out of his tunnel-vision and lowered the weapon, "Get everyone in here a free large pizza, any toppings." This brought the crowd around, most of them clapping and cheering. "And Sam," Hector turned around, dabbing his head with his sweat towel. "Call everyone, get the boys down here, and tell em' to stuff the crust." /r/BeagleTales 