
In the end, our efforts could only delay the inevitable: Oben the One would perish. We had cast healing spells, plied him with potions of strength and philters of rejuvenation. We were keeping Oben alive, but he was not getting better. His health was a dam with too many holes in it to plug. In our desperation, we briefly brought in one of the Necromages to see what assistance they might offer. The hope was that we could find a way to have others...share the burden. We had no idea what was killing the archmage - part of why it was hard to cure - but it was apparently something terrible. A pair of acolytes "volunteered" for the Dark Rite of Transference that the Necromages proposed. The first let out a piercing scream that seemed to last nearly a minute and then, face frozen in a rictus of terror, his life ended. The second took his own life with the only item he could find in the room, an enchanted quill. It was remarkable to see the sheer quantity of marks he had left behind on his body. So, we watched. We waited. The Candle of Vitality next to his bed began to flicker and dim from a vibrant orange to a dull brown. The tower was put on alert. Two watches were established - a small group to stand vigil over Oben and a larger group to monitor the mountains that surrounded use, enclosing the Enchanted Vale on all sides. The flame died with the man. In the days that followed The Event, we asked those in attendance what had happened, desperate for clues about what had transpired, and what might be yet to come. It was said he whispered "Prepare yourselves," and then his spirit rose, like the smoke, out of his body and to the heavens. The silence that followed seemed soft, almost - like the snow covering the ground in winter. Those of us on the wall had a different experience. First, we were filled with wonder, as the crags and precipices of the Stone Gate began to crumble and break. Fissures appeared on the face of the rock and it began to fall in pieces, like shards of a clay bowl as it shatters on the ground. Beyond, we could see trees - a whole forest we had never imagined. Beyond that, we saw the sun glinting off the water of a great sea. And beyond that, we saw The Darkness. It was creeping across the water, black and terrible. It would be days before it reached us, perhaps a week, but it was coming. *Prepare yourselves.* *** /r/ShadowsofClouds 