
"So go over it one more time." The psychologist drummed her fingers on her knees, frowning, "Look. I told you two everything already. I'm sure you don't believe me either." Williams took another gulp of his coffee as he examined a nearby shelf of knickknacks, "Oh I wouldn't say we don't believe you Miss Colins, we just want to make sure we don't miss an details. Right Jim?" Jim jumped at his name, almost dropping his notebook, "Uh right. We just want to... What he said." She sighed heavily, "Alright. Like I said; every child in the orphanage has been describing the same... thing. An imaginary entity that seems to follow and even converse with them." Williams took another sip of coffee as he pretended to check his phone, "You're sure its not just something the kids are all in on? Pretending to all see the same person?" "That's what I thought at first, but there are children who say they hadn't seen this imaginary fr- thing, before they arrived here." Williams continued to circle the room, crossing behind the psychologist, "I'm sure it's all some kind of prank the kids are trying to pull on you. Nothing to worry about." Jim noticed Williams point at his phone and nod his head toward the door. Jim coughed awkwardly, "Yes, like my uh, associate said, nothing to be afraid of." "Afraid? It's just strange. Why would I be afr-" Williams tossed his coffee cup into the trash bin where it rattled loudly, "Thank you for your time Miss Colins. I'm terribly sorry, but we must be going." Colins frowned at the two of them, "Where did you say you were from again?" Williams was holding the door open and ushering Jim quickly through it, "Oh we're only about a twenty minute drive away. Not too far." "That's not what I me-" She was cut off by the sound of the heavy door slamming shut as Williams and Jim shuffled down the hall. After Jim thought they were far enough away, he began to ask "So wh-" An upheld finger made him withhold the question until they were out of the building and a good three blocks away. As they crossed a fourth street, he tried again, "So what is it?" Williams kept pace and pulled out his phone to show him the readings he had taken, "Class 5, sentient, not harmful in the short term but will probably kill anyone who spends extended time around it. The cleaners are already on their way." "Ah..." Jim replied. They continued on their walk in silence until Jim asked, "How long would it have taken to affect u-" "seven more minutes." "good thing we left then..." "Yup." 