
The final test was administered by Dr Hemway, the one scientist who remained unconvinced about my powers. He strode into the interrogation room, carrying what appeared to be an intricate, mechanical chess board, thick and heavy. From the other side of the one-way mirrors, I felt scores of eyes burn into my back. "This is not normal chess, Catherine," he said, pointedly, as the chess board automatically unfolded to about six times the usual size of one, covering the entire table. "It's a variation, a hundred times more complex, and you'll be playing against a computer program specifically written for this occasion." An airy, melodious tone issued as the board lit up, thrumming as hologram pieces filled the playing field. The opposing sides populated first, then both sides, then finally the middle, leaving a moat of empty spaces, and giving me the impression of a towering castle besieged by relentless invaders. "Do you want to know the rules?" "Er," I said, well aware of how tiny my voice sounded then, "that would be good. I don't even know which pieces are mine or what they do." Dr Hemway scoffed, then tossed a sheaf of papers my way. "Amuse yourself with the rulebook then. Suffice to say, this game has been designed to eliminate chance and randomness entirely - there is no way you can possibly win through luck. Only an in-depth knowledge of the game's engine, and a masterful application of skill, can carry you through. All the best." Another beep from the board, and I saw the AI take its opening move, sliding a hologram piece from PF72 to XA25. A countdown timer hung in the air, giving me only 3 minutes to complete my counterstroke. The game was on. I can't explain exactly how my powers work. I suspect maybe if I really put my mind to it, I could, but then I'd only be able to do it once, so I better have a camera rolling when I did it. Because that was the key limitation in place. I could attempt anything, and no matter how foreign or alien the activity, I would succeed - but only for the first time. Thereafter, my powers would flee me, and whether or not I would ever succeed again depended only on my own efforts, my own skills. I've had an interesting life for sure. My parents tell me I managed to feed myself perfectly when I was one, manipulating my cutlery like a seasoned chef with a lifetime of experience. After that, it was mess after mess after mess, until I finally acquired the necessary hand-eye coordination at the ripe age of six. It was the same for everything else. The first time I tried my hand at writing a song, it became an instant pop hit, blitzing down the charts like Taylor Swift on speed. The next limerick was universally rejected, deemed more offensive than a dog's fart. The same familiar cycle ensued for when I tried driving, kiteflying, speaking Russian, dancing... it was the same blessing, the same curse, everytime. "Impossible!" yelled Dr Hemway, ashen-faced, staring at the board as it beeped continuously, signalling some sort of end-state. The board, which had started with an equal number of blue and red pieces, now ran rampant with blue pawns, with only a smattering of red here and there. The timer had changed to indicate that the AI and I had exchanged a total of 520 moves each. I sat back in my chair, still not fully aware of what I had done. Sure, I had moved a couple of pieces around, but only when it felt right, you know? "Fine, I accept that she does indeed have powers beyond my comprehension," Dr Hemway growled as he skulked to the door, wresting it open sourly. "She's suited to your mission then." A skeleton of a man entered, the sharpness of his black suit suggesting a certain preciseness which underpinned the way he led his life. "I'm the Director of the CIA," he said, extending a vise of a handshake. "You are eminently suited for a mission of utmost importance to our great nation. If you accept it, you will single-handedly help break the deadlock which has gripped the world, and perhaps restore a modicum of peace." "I will try my best, Director. So tell me, who is it that you need assassinated?" The Director laughed perfunctorily. "Who said anything about killing? No, your mission is harder than that. We need you to infiltrate the FSB. You will undo them from within." The lump in my throat tightened, and I could not swallow it away. "Director, I can probably infiltrate the FSB on my first try, but after that... you'll have to prepare me adequately, otherwise there is no way I can continue to assist." "Of course! Come this way, you will have unfettered access to every resource the CIA has. This country will do all that it can to prepare you for your mission." --- That night, as I lay in bed, thoroughly exhausted from all the hothousing the CIA had put me through, I counted the seconds in my head, waiting patiently. When I heard the clock strike three from the hallway, I slipped out of bed, then picked out an old copy of *Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy* from my bookshelf, eased an ear plug from a hollowed space within, and slipped it on. "They've accepted me," I said, my hushed tones evaporating like gossamer webbings the moment I released them into the air. "Very good, comrade," came the reply. "And on the first try too, like you promised." --- /r/rarelyfunny 