
With a good, long stretch and a healthy yawn, I woke up from a deep, refreshing nap. You know the kind: there's nowhere to be, nothing to do, and no demands on your time. I smacked my lips and rubbed what remained of my sleepiness from my eyes. As I became more aware of my body, I felt a sharp pain at my backside in one of those hard to reach spots. Whenever I grazed up against, well whatever it was, I felt a slight twinge like someone had stuck a small needle in me - nothing too bad, but incredibly irritating. What the hell, did I roll over something sharp in my sleep? I'm used to the odd ache here and there, but nothing quite this persistent. I turned around to see if I could get a good look in the light. Yeah... maybe that's what it is, but it's *tiny*. This is going to bug me all day if I don't figure out how I can possibly get a good look at this thing, much less get a good enough handle on it to pull it out. Maybe I just wont think about it and I won't even notice it's there. I've been through worse, **much** worse, this is really a mild annoyance compared to some of the things I've been through. In fact, if you put everything on a chart that measured just how rough things have been in my life, you wouldn't even be able to see this with a telescope. Besides, there's probably lots to do and see, I've been out for a while... ...oh no... "Oh god, are you okay? Tell me you're okay." What did I sleep through, how did I sleep through this, what even *happened?!* "Come on, speak to me, snap out of it! You have to wake up, you just have to..." This isn't real, I'm dreaming, I have to still be dreaming. "What happened? Please tell me what happened to you. Just say something and let me know things are okay. Who did this?" I was spinning, unable to leave my friend's side as I paced around her, completely positive that she had died some time ago. Her body was ravaged and ruined, a used-up husk of its former beauty. It was like a plague swept through her and burnt her out completely, leaving this... scarred waste behind. What a twisted answer to my prayer to forget all about the pain in my rear. "WHO DID THIS?!" I yelled hopelessly into the void. --- Millions of years ago: "Psst, hey Mars, check this out." "Oh, ew, gross, what the hell is that? Earth, you're disgusting." "I know, right? I figure I keep these babies around long enough, they'll jam a pole in the moon's butt." "You're a grown woman, act like it. The moon isn't doing anything to you, she's just minding her own business." "Whatever nerd, this is going to be awesome. Hell, maybe I'll even get some of them to jam a pole in your ass." "Look, I don't want any part of this. Do what you want, I just think it's a bad idea." "No way, dude, this is a fuckin' *rad* idea." 