
"Hello Christopher," it said. The hood of its white cloak cast shadows over its face, but I had no doubt it was an angel. "Am... am I dead?" "Yes," he said gently. "And I am in heaven?" The angel shook its head. "I am sorry. But you are not." "This doesn't *look* like Hell," I replied, as I took in my surroundings. The room was bright and white, and underfoot was a grand marble floor with rich, grey veins running through it. "This is neither place. This is where you learn *why*." "Why *what?*" I asked, puzzled. "Why you are being punished." I began to feel dizzy. "Punished? But I've lead a good life! I've been mostly kind and *never* committed serious crime! I'm a Christian and I've attended church since I was eighteen." I protested. "You murdered six people, Christopher." I laughed. Slowly at first, and then hard and full as the absurdity of the angel's claim washed over me. "You have the wrong person! There's been a mix up. I'm Christopher *Clarke* - with an E." "I know who you are." "...well then, you know I'm innocent." "Christopher, you were in a car crash when you were seventeen." "I..." He was right and I felt sick thinking about it. My friend Michelle had been driving. Sarah was in the front with her, and me and Mark in the back. Sarah had lost control, and the car had hit a couple who had a young child with them. I'd been the only survivor. It had taken me months to recover physically - even longer to remember any details. That terrible incident was the reason I'd converted - to pray for my friends, and the family that had lost their lives. "Michelle had been driving. And it wasn't her fault! The car had-" I began, before it cut in. "Michelle had *not* been driving." "Of course she had been, I remember!" "You belive she was, as that is what you were told." That couldn't be true. I knew it couldn't. And yet something deep inside was trying to break its way out and find its way up to the surface. I began to wretch, but nothing came out. "W-what do you mean," I managed. "They told you many details. Enough to make you believe it." "No!" "Yes. Your father worked for the police. He found you first. You'd been drinking." "No," tears streamed down my face. "Yes." > Are you sure you're okay to drive? > Oh my God , Michelle. I've barely touched a drop. Stop being a pussy, all of you, and get in. > Christopher! You're on the wrong- I fell to my knees as the memories returned. As they flooded over me like the fire of baptism. How could I... I was a *monster.* "That wasn't me," I said. "That - that was a different me. A different life." "So you deserve heaven?" the angel asked. "No," I cried as I fell to the floor. "No." I felt empty, as if my being - my *self* - had been crushed into oblivion. The angel smiled warmly. Softly. And then, suddenly, it began to laugh. "...why?" I asked. It pulled back its hood and revealed curled, red lips. "Did you know Christopher," it began, "forgiveness can set you free." "*What?* What do you mean?" "That everyday you forget what you did, and everyday I have the *pleasure* of telling you all over again. Until... you are forgiven." "By...by God?" "By *yourself*." "..." "I have a feeling that I'm going to get to keep you for a long, *long* time," it said, as it licked its red lips. --- Sorry for any mistakes, wrote it on my phone in a bit of a rush Come check out more stories on /r/nickofnight 