
This was the third time this week I've had to explain to some uppity lord that I'm just a simple grave keeper, not the divine protector of the realm. For twenty years I've been laying the dead to rest, and that's been the scope of my responsibility. Sure, the last few years have been tricky--the damn Necromancer's Guild has grown and one of their syndicates decided to set up shop across the road from my graveyard. There was nothing I could do about it, of course. They had the proper permits. But it made my job a hell of a lot more difficult. Their spells constantly spilled over onto my land and turned the dead a bit less dead. At first it was manageable, just a few reanimated corpses a week. A shovel to the head did the trick. But as the guild's activity increased so too did reanimation frequency. I took them to court, sued them for public and private nuisance, but the case has been pending for years now. The Necromancer's Guild has a relentless legal team, stalling at every corner, filing counterclaims, burying me in document discovery. It's been a slice of literal hell. At this very moment, the judge is *actually* considering whether I brought the lawsuit against the appropriate party--opposing counsel argued I should've sued the corpses instead. So in that time I've had to get creative. I tried striking a deal with the Devil, but apparently his contract with the Necromancer's Guild contains a non-compete. That only left God to work with. I'm not devout, per se, but for the sake of business, me and the Big Guy have come to an understanding. I just need to say my heavenly prayers, give the occasional offering, and in return, my shovel's a *lot* more effective. "But that's it." I told Lord Fauntleroy. "I'm just trying to run a business. I don't have time to deal with every demon lord that tries to breach your Kingdom." "You underestimate your power! I heard stories of your conquest over The Dark Terror. That *thing* wiped out an entire battalion, but if the stories are true, you and Sir Scoopsalot struck it down as if it were a common field wraith!" I scratched my head, surprised word had travelled so fast and far. "How do you know my shovel's name?" "So the stories are true?!" "Well yeah. The thing was on my property trying to fu--well, uh, let's just say 'disrespect' the dead... Look I don't know how much you heard, but I'd appreciate it if you didn't tell the Brooker family what that thing did to their daughter's grave--the entire family's preordered their lots and I can't afford to lose their business." "Of course, your wishes are divine command. I'm only thankful that you can help us. I'll take you to Cthulhu's lair and--" "Whoa whoa whoa. It's not a matter of whether I *can* help you, all right? Sure I *can* help you, but it's not my responsibility is all I'm saying. I'm a small business owner. You're royalty. Protecting the realm is *your* job." "You're an extension of Divine Light! You said it yourself, you've given yourself to the gods! Protecting humanity from the occult *is* your duty!" "Who said anything about giving myself to the gods? I say a few prayers a day and in return I got a shiny shovel that channels a bit of infinite power. It's an arms-length business transaction, really. A licensing deal, if you will." "Whatever you wish to call it, I am here to throw myself at your feet," Lord Fauntleroy said. "I am a *Lord,* but before you I am on my knees. Please, blessed one. We need your help." I rolled my eyes. Every royal-born thinks kneeling is some great gesture, like I don't spend half of every day kneeling in the dirt myself. "Look if you're so bent out of shape about all these demons, you know who's at fault. It's the damn Necromancer's Guild. Take them to court--you have a strong case for public nuisance." Lord Fauntleroy looked up, tears in his eyes. "We have. The case is still pending." &nbsp; --- &nbsp; Thanks for reading! If you liked this, I also write a series of comedic dialogues between two recurring characters over on r/JamesAndTed. Not quite the same, but if you're a degenerate you might like it even more. 