
Billy has piano, Maddie got suspended AGAIN so I have to go to a parent teacher thing, AGAIN. And Owen... oh Owen lord help me I don't know what to do with you. With mommy out of town for a while I get to play every role, and I've learned two very important lessons. Lesson one, these kids never, EVER get tired. I know every parent thinks that, but that thing in Maddie's heart isn't something every parent deals with. Some weird alien thing, pulses out some science thingies that do... honestly I have no idea but apparently it causes some pulse around her that causes some weird regeneration aura I have no idea, point is the kids don't eat. They don't sleep. They don't get out of breath. Three kids, eight six and four. That NEVER. STOP. Sounds bad enough, but take that boundless chaos of childhood energy, and then you have Billy. Billy, during a school trip, decided to sneak off and ended up letting some irradiated test animal out. It of course bit him for his troubles, and yes, you guessed it, like it was a comic book he gained inhuman capabilities from his newly released creature. Is he a lion? Nah. Bear, shark, spider? He's a fuckin' hamster. He calls himself the hedge and can curl into a ball and roll around at a pretty decent speed. I tried explaining the difference between a hedgehog and a hamster, and that hedgehogs can't actually do that, no Sonic is not a real hedgehog, but he just won't have it. Nothing else for powers, he does poop small round balls though. Owen, my sweet little guy. Some sort of crazy intellectual gift, that one. He has a coordination no adult can compare to. Show him something, some physical act ONE time and he's mastered it. Naturally after watching Kung Fu Panda and his brother play Street Fighter, he could do all of these things. And not just the moves, he can throw the fireballs and everything. Man, poor Billy got stiffed in the power department. Lesson two: Maddie's friend Sarah has a temper. A really bad one. And is a telepath. So that's why I'm tied to this chair. Sarah thinks I'm playing along, but she actually forced me into it. That girl is dangerous. She's only eight herself but she managed to convince me, a whole ass adult, to sit down, be tied up, and wait for "rescue." She was giddy about it, still thinking it was a game. I could bust out of this jump rope around me at any time, or simply smash the tea set sized chair I'm tied to. Or at least I physically could. Mentally I'm wholly incapable. She said not to until I'm rescued, so here I sit. She told Maddie's stuffed animals to keep watch, and simultaneously every bear, unicorn and whatever else this girl has in here turned their heads, locking their gaze with mine. So I sit and wait, eventually my kids will find me, they'll dance like marionettes to Sarah's will for the game as she sees it, and then I'll probably just order pizza. It's getting late. Sarah was outside the door, waiting on my "heroes" to arrive. She yelled out to them to hurry, she had poisoned the prisoner and I wouldn't last long. Sudden pain shot through my abdomen, followed by intense nausea. Something has to be done about Sarah. 