
"My name is Mikael Adderman and, uh, apparently I've been taken prisoner. I'm a P.O.W?" I was still pretty disoriented by the flurry of events that just transpired, and between my injuries from the earlier combat engagement and the sudden shift in behavior from my captors, things have taken a little while to process. "I don't think they really understand what I'm saying, so I'll be quick about it: I think they're scared of me- of us." Staring into what I presume is a camera of some fashion, I was sat down into some weird alien facsimile of a chair and screeched at in that weird way all of them talked. It took me a while to figure out what they were going for, but I think it's either a 'look we have your prisoners' video like terrorists from centuries past used to do - or it's documentation before experiments began. Taking a breath to steady myself, I walked back through what happened over the last day- or what I presume was roughly a day. Time tracking in space was hard enough without being stuck in a holding cell on an alien ship. There was the spread of first contact reports through the network. Humanity accosted on multiple fronts from some sort of collective alien force of different species. Quick, brutal, decisive battles. And before the crew of my little shipping corvette could even figure out what was happening, a.. .rip in space appeared, close enough we could actually see it out of the viewports, and they were upon us. They boarded the ship - or well, that may be overstating slightly, as it was more they ripped the ship in half - and several of us were immediately thrown into the void. The rest of us suited up, got our weapons and prepared for a skirmish. The majority of the ones we fought were long, covered in armor and had a bunch of limbs. Something like a snake-millipede hybrid. They moved fast, and were incredibly aggressive. Their weapons - lasers of some sort, because why WOULDN'T an alien species have laser weapons - tore into my crew. But then a shift in the pace of combat happened. Likely partially because humans have always fought hard against aggressors, and a hearty dose of alien invasion media throughout our history may have inadvertently prepared us, but we fought back. Oh did my guys fight back. When one got shot, we'd pull them back, lay suppressing fire and get them patched up and back to shooting. If they were going to kill us all, they were going to work for it, that was damn sure. Or so I thought. We'd killed about 25 of them for only 3 of ours lost when they began to slow their attacks down. For being as big, armored and ugly as they were, they went down a lot faster than expected. Their weapons, while brutal, burnt the flesh closed so it was actually pretty hard to kill any of us without a lucky shot to the head or heart. We were all hurt and bleeding, but still fighting. Even I took a good blast to my face, but I've been gritting my way through the pain - and what I think is a total loss on my ear. Shortly after they slowed, they stopped their attacks completely. It gave us time to breathe, sure, but it was also unnerving. They just camped outside the bridge, every now and again blasting that annoying click-screech sound I can only presume is their language at us over comms. We held there, hurt, but determined for another 5 hours or so before one of them entered the hallway, weird buggy forelimbs extended spread-eagle showing it was unarmed. I'll admit that it took a good while before we figured out it was attempting to pantomime that we should surrender and come with them. We were able to walk ourselves onto their ship, held at a good distance - and laserpoint, but as we watched them, it was pretty easy to tell that we were more than they bargained for. Something about that fight had them spooked, even if we technically lost it. It wasn't their weapons or technology. Their exoskeletons were pretty strong. I'm pretty sure we'd lose in a battle of raw strength. And it sure wasn't my ravishing good looks after taking that grazing shot to the face. I'd been mulling it over for the past few hours until now, but I think I get why they're scared. And if I'm right, and they're dumb enough to try and attack earth, then they're going to have a REAL bad time ahead of them. "They can't handle pain. Or shock. They're about as resilient as a preschooler with a glass jaw" It was sorta funny, really. City-sized ships. Laser weapons. Creepy alien bug-snake things from across the stars. And they're scared of us because we don't just roll over and die for them. [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/dmx67j/wp_interstellar_wars_are_quick_most_species_die/f57hqod/) Officially dubbed 'Haggard Star', here's [part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/redditserials/comments/dn72es/haggard_star_part_3/) 