
When the gods had first answered, many believed it to be a hoax. Others thought that perhaps it was aliens, who simply were stepping into a title that we had provided. Others threw away their religions like a used rag, and even more devoted themselves to these "new" gods. They had been watching, they had said. Not us, not even Sol, or the Milky way, but many other galaxies far away from here. They had been visiting each one, ever since they had started all of creation with the Inspiration as they called it - or in modern terms - the big bang. They were... amused with us. Our feeble attempts to leave the planet. To research the far away stars. They answered any question we asked, and proved time and again that they were the beings they said they were. One question, asked by millions, was why? Why create us? Why leave us for so long? They hadn't laughed exactly, but their responses had been jovial. They hadn't created us. They had created the atoms and elementary particles. We were no more than a side effect. An amusing one, but not intended. No life was. Atoms dance and move in a never ceasing motion. They combine, they form, and they break from one another in endless patterns. These patterns were predictable yes, but the elegance with which they moved fascinated and amused the gods. In billions of years they had yet to bore of them. They told us about other life-forms created by the never ending dance of their favorite creations. How on some planets like ours, there were carbon based life-forms. But on others, Silicon had replaced carbon. They told us about watching the birth of a star, the first collisions of hydrogen forming into helium. They told us all about sitting inside dying stars, watching as the last of the atoms smashed into one another, causing the cores to change to iron. All the wonderous little patterns that the atoms made. They were so proud of each and every one of them. The little groups that formed amino acids, which then paired and formed the helixes of DNA they found fascinating. We asked "when do the atoms move from objects to life forms?" and they had answered in puzzlement, "they are all alive. That's what is so fascinating about them." In the time after the gods arrived, scientific study increased exponentially. Physics and Chemistry and Biology learned that they were all part of a grander scheme. Mathematics too, became a core point of study, for it was a language in which to interpret the movements of the atoms. And the gods were happy to watch. For their little atoms were having fun. r/LandOfMisfits r/RedditSerials ETA: Have some dancing atoms https://images.app.goo.gl/yN1MBavKu2fgXsoq9 https://images.app.goo.gl/qoV1qJ4Tntq39WK46 https://images.app.goo.gl/cWH5T93ktaVKY98X7 