
Kek was cold. His joints ached and he saw naught but darkness. Fitting -- he was a lord of dark, after all -- but even darkness can fall with time. It had been so long since he'd heard the Voice. Or voices, rather. Once, his followers had spoken in prayer, their arms clasped and bathed in red. Each night brought revels and worship. Vice ran rampant and without consequence. Blood soaked the Earth and fed his hunger, growing his strength. He was to rule the world and all that lay beyond. But at his height Kek was forgotten. His name had all but faded in the minds of men. Kek gingerly wiggled his fingers to make sure they still worked. He wasn't sure -- he hadn't moved in centuries -- and feared they had frozen. In his decline, Kek had been careful to preserve his extremities, lest his limbs fall and dissolve to nothing. Though, to be fair, Kek didn't know if he could die. He could fade, but darkness was inherent with the end of each day. Lately, he had taken to feeding on the fears of men. Stale fears; even children no longer believed in the "monster" beneath the bed. Still, fear lacked words, and it was words that Kek needed. *"Kek."* A voice whispered and brought light to Kek's dark. It flashed and, for a brief moment, the fallen god saw a man. He was crouched over a keyboard, typing viciously with his nose pressed against the screen. "Kek, faggot," he muttered. "Go back to Kekistan, prick." Then the light faded and Kek sighed. *So close,* he thought. He realized he'd forgotten what it felt like to be called. *"Kek."* Another voice spoke and Kek saw once more. "What is..." he said, halting, uncertain. "WOW. WOW?" Orchestral music echoed in Kek's ears, followed by odd grunts and faintly hollow sounds of metal. A couple -- one boy and one girl -- sat side by side with keyboards in their laps. They bashed against its letters and clicked. Kek thought the keys were like to come loose. "Kek," said the boy. "Hashtag rekt, pussy. One v one when you grow a pair, yeah?" "Nathan, chill," said the girl. She drank deeply from a metal can by her side. Her screen flickered and changed, and Kek wondered if her previous action had any correlation. "What?" Asked Nathan. "You know it's true. I whooped his ass. Easy, gg, no re. I better be getting some, right?" "You wish." "Kek." Kek snarled and lunged. Stiff fingers closed around soft flesh, and he pulled himself into Nathan's body. *See,* he thought. *That's where the other god's failed. They forgot one crucial bit: I can find a host in any man who speaks my name. * He was in, now, and he gripped onto Nathan's soul like a drowning man. *** "Nathan?" Asked Kathy. She waved her hands and pouted. "The fuck's the matter with you?" Nathan groggily shook his head. He felt as though a fog had settled over his brain. He felt...heavier, for some reason. Then his eyes blurred and he blinked. *Nope, still blurry. Damned glasses.* Nathan made to clean his lenses then blinked in surprise. His vision was clear. Even in darkness, each detail of the room was open to him. He could make out everything, from the blinking lights on his game to the spider crawling along the ceiling. When Kathy clapped her hands, he heard the sound echo in his ears. They stared at each other in silence, one with anger and the other with wonder. Nathan watched Kathy's eyebrows crease into a frown. He could see the details of her face clearly and without aid. Only then did Nathan realize he was the luckiest man alive. "I love you," he said aloud. Kathy smiled. Her cheeks dimpled and Nathan grinned. "Kek," she said. "Right." Nathan could sense the sarcasm but didn't care. He picked her up in his scrawny arms and swung her around. Her hair whipped and he spat. "Kek," he said back. *** Kek howled in exultation. He was back! He fed on each "Kek" and grew in power. Soon, he lifted himself from Nathan's frame -- the boy was weak and not to Kek's liking -- and flew through the walls. Perhaps he would have the strength to become corporeal. The god's form thickened, like dirt mixed with water. He opened the door and left Nathan behind; he had no desire to watch and wait. That door gave way to a small bedroom, whose walls had been covered in posters of goth and "Legion." A large bed took up much of the space within. The rest had been claimed by heaps of unclean clothes and a body - length mirror, which Kek edged closer to. Then he saw his reflection and his jaw dropped. "You've got to be kidding," he said. "I'm a fucking frog." NOTE: I'm on mobile, so apologies if the format is off. HERE'S [**PART 2**](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lone_Wolf_Studios/comments/6iq0be/book_of_kek_part_2/)! *** /r/Lone_Wolf_Studios for weekly stories and updates! 