
"I've told you for the last time, Cindy, we're not ready for a dog yet." "Why not? I told you, mom. I won't make you do anything for it. I won't let you! I'll feed it, I'll wash it, I'll pick up its poop. I'll do everything!" Cindy's mother smiled sadly at her seven year old through the rear view. "I'll tell you what. Mommy is getting a new job soon. And maybe in a year or so, if you don't like the fish, we can talk about getting a dog." "Really!" "I said we can talk, honey. Nothing's guaranteed." Cindy jumped up and down in the backseat. Her mother laughed, then gasped. "Careful, Cindy! You're holding the bag with the fish in it." "Oh, sorry, mom." Cindy looked at the bag, perhaps seeing the fish for the first time. "They look scared of me, mommy." "Of course they are, honey. You just told them you want to replace them for a dog." "I didn't mean replace them!" "Remember when we moved from Colorado two years ago, right after kindergarten? You were so scared to leave all your friends behind. That's what they're doing." Cindy touched the bag carefully. The fish all swam away from her, but couldn't get too far. "So what made things better after you moved from all your friends?" "I...made new friends?" "Exactly. So you have to be their friend, okay?" Cindy smiled, and laid the bag carefully in her lap. "Okay." - That night, the one called Purple Fin appeared in her dream. Cindy floated in the water. She didn't know how far down she was. When she looked up, she could see some light, but had no way of knowing where it was coming from. She looked down, and couldn't see the bottom. She looked around her, but there was only the greenish-blue sea around her. When she turned back, the Purple Fin was in front of her, massive, with solemn eyes. Cindy should have been scared, but she wasn't. "Welcome, Great One," the fish said. "Hello. What's your name?" "They call me Purple Fin. Because for some reason, I have one purple fin." He waved it, and Cindy giggled. "Do you know why I am here?" the purple one asked. "Because...I'm dreaming?" "No. Because you are our Great One now. Do you know what that means?" "Not really, Mr. Purple Fin." The Purple Fin seemed to smile. "Because we depend on you. We need you to live. We need you to eat. We need you to clean our world of filth when it becomes too much. We need you to take our dead, and give them a graceful ending. Can you do all that?" "That...sounds like a lot, Mr. Purple. But I'll try my best!" The Purple Fin nodded. "Let's hope that's enough." And Cindy started to fade, and waved goodbye, smiling at the large fish as she did. When she was gone, the Purple Fin stared at the spot she had been at for a long moment. "I hope she does better than the last one..." (continued below) 