
The show didn't last very long. 4 contestants, in fact. It never aired, and you could only find it on certain sites. It seemed like it would be really popular. Lots of people were so sure they could do it. First was Karen, who was the very definition of her name. She joked about the "vacation" she was going on. She came out, 3 months later. She claimed a lot of crazy shit, demons, gods, monsters. Turns out the brain likes to go a little special after a while. Tim, he was interesting. He went in, and didn't hit the quit button until day 364. Everyone asked why he didn't go through with it, but he never answered. In fact, he never spoke again. Tiffany was the perkiest girl you'd ever seen. Extroverted with all the emphasis on extra. She only made it a week, and left unchanged. The fourth contestant... He was the reason the show got shut down. You see, the cameras had a blind spot in the area of the panic button. Meant to be an "excite" tactic, to keep people guessing. It was a decent size blind spot, just so people couldn't be sure if the contestant was hitting the button or not. This fourth contestant was a quiet, bookish sort. He was actually voted to go by his classmates, all of them certain he'd make it a year. Knowing what we know now...we're not even sure he made it a day. You have to understand, we never knew this sort of thing was possible, we had redundancies in place for just this kind of event! But it did happen. The button broke. Or so they assume. Not like any of them ever got a straight answer from him. It was weird, at first. He seemed like he might've been yelling for help, but no one couldn't be sure. The audio was cut off, to avoid any kind of idea of interaction... Then he started exercising. It was completely out of character, but that's what he did. Day in, day out. They say they actually altered his diet, more protein and all that, just for kicks. He got big too, real Schwarzenegger here. He punched the wall sometimes, now they think as a way out. Gods, the damage he did. To the wall and himself. They mentioned sending in gloves, but the food was already enough. They said they weren't even supposed to do that. It was meant to be one year in a plain room, three meals a day and a bed. The 365th day finally came...and another disaster happened. The door wouldn't open. You could see him, he was ready to leave, and the door just...didn't respond. It took 13 weeks to get the equipment needed to cut the door down.. Sorry, I don't like thinking about it. I was there, ya know? I wanted to see him! My brother, about to be a millionaire, walking out tall and proud. And that's what happened, at first. Mom got to see him first, hugged him, asked him if he was ok. He smiled and said yes, of course, never better. I was next, but he turned away. He walked up to one of the show people, the host I think, and *caved his head in with one punch*. The details are fuzzy, after that. Some people say my brother ripped out the guy's lower jaw and started beating people death duty it. Others say he just started beating the life out of others, punching through sternums and ripping out hearts. I don't remember. The therapist says that might be for the best. My only memory, after that, is the words my brother said to Mom and I. I won't say them here. I'll never say them to anyone else. But I hear them, every night. It'll never stop, but I wish it would. EDIT: I actually started this from the perspective of a worker, but the brother idea hit later. Tried to edit to make it work, sorry if I missed anything 