
*Remember to get milk, you used the last for breakfast*. He heard it in the back of his mind, as he was standing in line to the till. He quickly went off to get some, as he had forgotten he needed some. That was what they were like. Helpful. Reminding him of stuff. If you want a clearer imagine of the man, imagine a person in his early thirties, dark hair, warm eyes, a sad, somewhat nerveous, but kind smile. He was tall, and rather on the thin side, though he clearly hadn't gotten good at using his own body, even after having it for some thirty odd years. If anybody were asked to describe him by comparing him to an animal, they'd say he reminded them of a newborn giraffe. *Cash in left pocket, right one has a hole in it.* He nodded to the voice he heard. For he heard voices in his head. And they weren't his internal monologue. They mostly reminded him of things, kept his schedule clear, and only rarely did they overwhelm him by talking to him all at once. He had medicine for it, though that merely prevented the voices from being too much or too loud. He could live with them, if he had his medicine. He paid for his groceries and walked out to his car. Once he got inside he turned the key. *You need some nice and calming tunes, turn it to channel 92.3 FM, you'd like that.* He tuned his radio, and a smooth jazzy song played. He was fond of jazz. He drove home without distractions, and got into his flat without trouble. Placing the groceries into his fridge he once more heard the voices. *You know, if you boil some of that broccoli, and add in the frozen peas, then blend them and mix them with the cream cheese, you could get a healthy and tasty green mush without the consistency of broccoli.* He once more nodded and did just that as he fried some chicken strips and boiled his rice. He wasn't a complicated man beyond the whole voice thing, and he liked simple fare. He'd once asked his mother about the voices when he was a kid. And she'd asked what they sounded like. He described them and she nodded. She was a superstitious woman, and believed all sorts of things. She told him that it was the voices of all his ancestors, giving him good advice. He didn't believe that himself, but he did admit that it sounded like a nice thing, so he indulged his mother and always agreed with her when she talked about it. They were always there with kind words, and good advice. Never cruel or degrading to him. And as long as he took his meds, they didn't overwhelm him. Because that had happened before, especially when he was a kid. Back then when he got into trouble, all the voices tried to give him advice and help at the same time. Imagine hearing more than twenty voices trying to say different things to you inside your mind all at once. It had not been pleasant. But he'd still led a good life with the voices. He'd been surprised when he moved to the mainland and learned that usually voices are cruel and insulting, when in the culture he had been raised in, the voices were always kind, often people he had met who also heard voices, said that they sounded like the voices of kin. His didn't sound like any kin he had, but that was mostly because he only had his mother, and no other relatives. His father had been a runaway, and never spoke of his home, and his mother had been an only child. When his father died, he was but a babe in his mother's arms. *It's your anniversary.* Shortly after he had eaten his dinner, the voice reminded him. He picked up the phone and called his love. They picked up, and were happy to hear from him, being temporarily posted on the other side of the world was never good for a relationship, and they'd been unable to get time off to come home and celebrate it. To think he had nearly forgotten about it. He and the person he loved, spoke all through the evening, and into the night. Whispering sweet words and loving sounds into each others' ears. When they finally had to hang up, he sighed, and went to bed. He always waited with taking his medicine until he was going to bed. **GG oo oo dd nn ii gg hh tt dd ee aa rr!** The voices all said at once. He didn't really know why he always waited for them to say good night to him all at once, but it felt wrong not to. He quietly told them, ''*Good night.*'' and went to sleep. Where he dreamt of holding the person he loves in his arms, holding them tightly and never letting go. [/r/ApocalypseOwl](https://www.reddit.com/r/ApocalypseOwl/) 