
######[](#dropcap) "Please send help," Reagen whispered into the walkie-talkie. His legs were becoming cramped, but he didn't dare move a muscle, for fear that the *thing* would hear him. "I'm begging you," he added. The forest around him had become deadly silent. He could only pray that the log would hide him. That it would pass by without looking for the only soldier left alive in this godforsaken jungle. He'd known it was a bad idea when they had taken a wrong turn into the section of the forest that the locals had warned them about. "There's a monster who lives in the forest," they had said. Ramon and Davis had laughed it off. But Reagen had seen the fear in their eyes, the way they refused to walk past a certain spot. He had pulled one of them aside. "What do you mean, monster?" The man had simply shaken his head, his eyes wide. "We don't speak its name. We just call it the Dreamkeeper." "The Dreamkeeper?" Reagen's brow furrowed. That made no sense. But the man wasn't inclined to speak further, and he scrambled off. It had been dawn then, and it was only an hour before their squad would find out what the man had meant. It stood like a human. Except it was over ten feet tall and clotheless, with rubbery, gray skin that absorbed bullets easily into its flesh. Its face--featureless--was haunting. The first one to be sucked up was Johnson, absorbed into its skin with a sickening sucking sound. He hadn't even had time to scream or run. It stood on two legs but barreled toward him on all four, clutching and grasping at him until he was just...gone. Despite the number of bullets they shot at it, it just wouldn't die. Every fifteen minutes or so, someone would become tired, would fall, would become a victim. It was around high noon when Ramon suggested they use the detonator. It was the only one they had left--they had been waiting for their supply train to come when they had been dispatched elsewhere--and luckily, Davis had good enough aim that it had killed the creature. It fell, two of its limbs oozing a thick, black goo where they had been blasted off of its body. Except it hadn't died. Because several moments later, its arm swiped out, catching Ramon--who had been standing around, staring at it with a mix of shock and horror--unawares and sucking him in. Reagen could still see the expression on Ramon's face. The helplessness. The horror. Things had only gotten worse from there. With the knowledge that bullets were useless and they had no more bombs, the only option left was to retreat. But everywhere looked the same, and there was no way to know which way was out. And the creature was faster than them. Much faster. Without eyes or a nose, the only way it could track them was either through hearing or through tactile sensation. By evening, everyone had scattered in all different directions. By a stroke of luck, Reagen had found David, only for him to be eaten minutes later. He held back tears and sobs of desperation as he dove under a tree trunk, staying as still as he could. From that position, it was then that he saw a sight that made sure he would never sleep again. The creature stood, just yards away from him, almost twice its original size, for what seemed like forever. Then, to Reagen's horror, its limb began to grow back. Inch by inch, the rubbery folds of its skin expanded and grew longer. Then it loped off on three legs, leaving Reagen laying there, completely still. ***** r/AlannaWu 