
Thomas walked past the three scientists in the room while focusing on what he called a thought projection. One of his many talents to manipulate what people saw versus what was real, and currently the chief of research and development believed he was cutting into Thomas' chest cavity aiming a scalpel with uncanny precision cutting into nothing at all actually. "Suction on the anterior here, Carol." Thomas heard Jeff say as he walked out of the room still concentrating. Thomas had watched several youtube videos about heart surgery the day before so creating a virtual representation of what the inside of his chest would look like would at least seem real. He had quite the surprise in store for them when they got in, but right now he was craving ice cream and he knew exactly where to get his favorite flavor from reading Carol's mind. She often brought a pint of Cherry Garcia and would eat it at lunch in the level eight break room where most of the lead scientists ate their lunch. Thomas did not need anyone's keycard as he turned the corner and placed his palm on the magnetic locking device. All he had to do was discharge the capacitors at the same time while passing the right voltage through the RFID module. It was usually within the 4.7ghz range meaning it would need about 1.3 to 1.5 volts. He sucked up the voltage of the caps, which tickled a bit and redirected it at 1.35 volts and the reader blinked red twice, he did it again at 1.45 volts and the reader flashed green beeping as he opened the door. Chad was in the break room and he stared at Thomas as he entered. "Fuck you doin' in here?" Chad the janitor asked him. Thomas trusted Chad because Chad had no dog in his fight against the federal government, the janitor, as far as Thomas could tell was just a family man trying to get his daughter back from a bitter ex wife. "I'm hungry. Carol told me I could have her ice cream if I cooperated today." Thomas informed the janitor who was eating the latter half of his tuna sandwich. "Yeah. Since when do you cooperate?" Chad asked him weary of whether or not to run off. "I haven't...or well I don't as you know, no need to be scared of me Chad, if I wanted to hurt you you would be dead already. In fact, I have been meaning to talk to you about your daughter. I apologize for invading your privacy but sometimes I have no control over it. Once someone knows that you can read their mind they instantly begin thinking of the dark shit they have never told anyone or problems in their life they think can't be overcome." Thomas told him reaching into the mini fridge and pulling out the ice cream. "Damn it Thomas, so you know then?" he asked Thomas putting down his sandwich. Thomas walked over to the counter and grabbed a spoon from the drawer shaking his head in the affirmative at the janitor. "The oncologist says she does not have long and my wife won't even let me visit the hospital." Chad said eyes welling up. Thomas sensed a darkness in Chad, and a deep visual fantasy on the surface of Chad's mind of murdering his ex wife. "Woh. Bud. That's a dark thought, there is no need for that, because I'm going to help you. If I recall the doctor told your wife it was the non lymph node kind of leukemia your daughter has. I've cured the lymph node kind twice before by reprogramming the white blood cells. I do not offer this decision freely though, I need your help to break out of here, my work is almost done." Thomas said digging out a chocolate cherry and savoring it. 'Prove it' Thomas heard Chad think, doubtful of what Thomas had offered him. Thomas just laughed and got up walking to the light switch in the room and turned it off the only light coming from the hallway through the window on the door. "I have read over a thousand books on the internet about gene therapy and one of my many abilities is programming cell structure to do all sorts of things. The lightning bug is able to illuminate it's surroundings by producing a chemical called luciferian, I can do the same with my white blood cells." Thomas said in the dark. A dim neon blue began flowing on Thomas' face outlining his arteries and capillaries until his entire body was glowing. The look on Chad's face was priceless. "So it's true, you are a God." Chad said in awe. "Nope, from what I understand I'm just a mutation. My brain and body is just different from everyone elses. According to documented records there are a few of us out there. Every major government knows it and they take out anyone who gets in their way to capture us, so it's important you know the risk of helping me. I cannot guarantee your safety if you decide to come with me. What I promise though is that without my help your daughter's chances of surviving are very slim. I will do my best to protect you and help with your daughter but the risk is very real." Thomas told him flicking the light switch back on. "Yes. A million times yes." Chad said without hesitation. "Okay then, follow me, we are about to laugh our asses off as Doctor Jeff and his two nurses find there is a little alien controlling my body where my heart should be. They are about to crack open my sternum, c'mon." Thomas said jokingly swelling with pride of gaining a new friend trying not to drop his ice cream as he began laughing. 