
The time has gone on and on, empires rising and falling, I've discovered new galaxies and even new dimensions in my travels and accumulations of advanced alien technology. I was essentially a god by all rights, already unable to die thanks to my curse bond with the fucking Snail, and now technologically advanced enough with my cybernetic implants to stay out of its way forever, or so I thought. In the last seconds before the snail touched me and ended this game, I rehashed my billions of years of life and smiled. It had all been worth it. The wretched thing had finally cornered me by using my own curiosity to draw me in. It had done as I had, existing as a near god wandering the multiverse in search of me, it's one calling. It knew that it couldn't reach me without making me aware of its presence, so it could never touch me without me allowing it thanks to the power of teleportation, forcefields and an army of advanced droid robots. I thought myself invincible until a message arrived while I was relaxing in my luxurious vessel, eating an old time Earth mango and relishing the flavor, they were very rare lately. The Snail.. had been captured. Could it be true? Several million years ago I had started a religion that focused on the capture of the one true Snail, in order to find a way to kill it and ensure my future. I was traveling towards the origin of our eternal battle, Earth. Nothing but a wasted rock now, but that is where our monitors had picked up and automatically sprang the forcefield trap I had set up eons ago in case the Snail had been dumb enough to come back. Yet he had. My ship blasted past light speed and came to a gradual slowdown as I approached the dead hulking mass that was once my childhood home. The Snail was sitting in the center of a blue field of light on the grounds surface, expressionless and just as I had remembered him. As the ships tractor beam lowered me and my droid guards down to just outside the barrier, I smiled. I had finally got the son of a bitch. As I leaned down to say some snappy closer before he was put into a mobile hold and taken to my prison lab, my super hearing kicked off a warning. The motors were whining inside my droids behind me, I could hear in slow motion the gears powering up. My computerized mind ran through the possibilities of what the threats could be before I had even turned around. As I began to understand what had happened time began to slow to a crawl, it was one of my abilities. I had an experimental implant several hundred years ago placed inside me that allowed my mind to operate thousands of times ahead of real time. My body however, couldn't react in the same manner. I saw it all so clearly. The whole thing had been a trap. The Snail had been playing me from the start. My droids were rigged, the Snail had owned and controlled the factories that made my bots through a surrogate and had been able to control them for who knows how long. The droid would push me into the field, which would undoubtedly set up to allow me to pass through but not get back out. Then I'd be trapped, cornered. This was it. Thanks to my advanced brain it would take years and years of time in my mind for the droid to push me over, I could still hear the beginnings of the droids arm motors activating to betray its master. It was just a machine. I thought I was the most intelligent being in the universe but.. it was the always the Snail. As the years in my mind went by I began to contemplate just turning the whole thing off. Letting the snail touch me and send me to wherever I was supposed to go billions of years ago, where humans go when they die. I had always been avoiding it, I had made it my meaning just to continue this battle. Maybe it was time. The snail was smiling, I had noticed this a few minutes after entering slow time. It mocked me. An eternally sarcastic smile. So smug. I couldn't let it beat me. I couldn't let it win. It's okay, I had a few hundred more years before the slow time ran out to think of something to get out of this and keep going, I always did. 