
"Okay, Buddy, we have a problem," James said, sitting in front of Buddy who's lying down, head tilted a bit to a side and his tail swinging left and right like crazy. "Woof, woof, woof," the dog responded, moving himself left and right while lying down. "I know, I know," James said, nodding. "We should replicate what happened, except this time we're both being at her side. "Woof," the dog barked, quickly running where Sarah was last time standing. "Smart dog." James took the very same blanket, raised it and sighed. "Prepare to run, Buddy." As he let go, they both started to dash away, but as he'd barely turned around, the room had changed, considerably. Most of the wooden house was rotten, and things were almost like thrown around. "Woof, woof!" a barking came next to James, making him look down. "Thank God, Buddy. I'm happy that you're with me," James said, smirking, trying to hide how terrified he really was. But as he took a few steps ahead and felt how the wood wanted to collapse below him, his smile disappeared. It was that moment when he noticed multiple holes around him and blood droplets going towards the house's exit. James gently walked towards the house's entry, taking careful care of his every step. Apparently, Buddy was so lightweight that the rotten wood didn't react to him at all. The door was luckily already opened, making leaving the house easy, but what followed was a gasp. The whole street looked abandoned, every building rotten, and plant-life was growing on top of them. "What... the... fuck..." "Woof, woof, woof!" Buddy started to bark as he came back from the nearby street. He already had a trip around the neighborhood. "What's the matter, buddy?" Buddy kept barking, making James follow him. He followed him for a good five minutes until he saw a woman lying on the ground at the end of the tight alleyway. A lot of garbage was around her, mostly hiding her body. "Buddy, how did you... That's amazing," James whispered, as the smell was pretty horrible. The dog just barked, ran to the woman and started to remove some of the garbage with his paws. "Sarah!" James shouted as he ran towards her and started to remove some of the trash as well. "James," a whisper came from Sarah. "Are you okay? What happened?" "Be silent," Sarah said, shaking her head, and also looking like she hadn't eaten past three days she was missing. "You'll alert them." "Who?" James asked, but quickly gaining the attention of Buddy who started barking intensely at the opposite way of the alleyway, where they just had come from. "Shut up, Buddy," Sarah whispered, eyes widened, the whole body shaking and slowly picking up trash, putting them back on top of her to hide herself. "What are you doing?" James asked. "Hiding myself, you idiot. Hide or run, you fool," Sarah frowned. James started removing trash again and put his hands around Sarah to carry her like a princess. As he turned around, he saw a shadow at the end of the alleyway, looking towards them. Even Buddy shut his mouth. After a closer inspection, James realized that it wasn't a shadow. The being itself was like a shadow, dark, hardly visible, but like a materialized shadow, not literal. It had a form of a dog. "Intruders," a cold whisper reached them, crisp, thick and cracking sound. He could hear long heavy breathing at the same time as he said the word, almost like trying to take in all the air around them. "What the fuck is that?" James murmured, eyes wide. "I don't know, but I have seen him killing others," Sarah whispered. "Run, James, run." "Buddy... run," James repeated her order, turned around and did the same thing. He could hear how Buddy followed him right behind, not making even a sound anymore. But he could also feel that being following them as well. The air was cold and dark. "Turn left here," Sarah ordered, and James followed. But behind that corner wasn't another street, but a lake, which looked like a hole, almost like a meteorite had landed there. "Jump into the lake," Sarah said. "What?" "It won't follow, that's our only option right now." James frowned but kept running, and the moment he reached the shore, he made a long jump, splashing water everywhere. Buddy followed his example. After good ten seconds, they slowly surfaced and took extended breathers. James turned around and looked at the nearby shore, still terrified. The shadowy, faceless, creature just looked at them but didn't follow. "You're in an awful state, let me help you," James said, helping Sarah to float on top of the watery surface, and started to swim backward, away from... that. He had many questions, but he focused only on keeping her floating and watching that being. "Thank you," Sarah whispered, feeling the numbness of her limbs. It wasn't that she had any injuries, it was pure hunger. New - possibly saving - shouts were heard in the city. The creature looked away and disappeared as fast as it had appeared. "We managed to survive another day," Sarah said, sharing a weak smile. "For now... we are safe." "Woof." ---- ---- /r/ElvenWrites - My sub, if you want to follow and read my other stuff :P. I do have a few series there too ;). 