
"Me too," she replied. "What do you mean?" She glances at the door to my dimly lit room - still closed. There's nobody in earshot as she whispers: "I've killed so many just like you." Her eyes blaze with a familiar blue venom. Her stony face glares down at me, her hand - moments ago gently holding my palm - crunches my fingers with a white-knuckled grip. I wince as my frail fingers bruise and my failing kidneys ripple with waves of agony, struggling to speak. "What...what do you mean just like me?" Her grip grows tighter as her other hand moves to the catheter in my arm, twisting and poking it deeper into my vein. "Who are you?" I whimper through clenched teeth. "For twenty years I've worked at this hospital," she says, moving one hand to cover my mouth as I try to scream out for help. "Twenty years I've spent looking at patient files, cross-referencing it with my own personal research." I struggle to move, fidgeting in the hospital bed, but my body is too weak to go anywhere. "Cross-referencing your histories with unsolved murders all across the County. Looking for signs that maybe, just maybe, this patient could be another one of you sick unpunished pieces of shit." She giggles and looks back down at the catheter, her hands still smothering my fingers and mouth. "You think that's just a regular IV drip I put in you? Oh no," she smirks. "That's my special mixture." Her eyes narrow, brow furrows into a furious scowl. "Your kidneys were in bad shape when you came in here, but now? You'll be lucky if they shut down and kill you by the end of the week," she laughs. I try to flail, but can barely move. I try to squirm, but my body has deserted my brain. The dim overhead lights begin to fade into blackness as my eyes become heavy. "Getting sleepy?" She asks. "That's the coma setting in. You won't be able to do much of anything soon. Won't be able to hurt anyone else." The twisted catheter radiates waves of pain as it pumps her fatal formula deep into me. "You'll still feel it all though. The toxins burning your nerves away. Your kidneys slowly bursting. I'd give it a couple of weeks to finish taking its course. Maybe more." As my senses fade away, I desperately struggle to place a name to her face - I know I've seen those eyes somewhere before. As I lose the last of my awareness, she gives me a hint. "Be grateful. This is nowhere near as bad as what you did to my mother." 