
Age 5 "Daddy, you really did it! You made my room all pink!" I stood there, dumbfounded, as my daughter wrapped her arms around my leg. This, finally was proof, after months of odd situations. *"I wish it wouldn't rain tomorrow."* *"But Olivia, it's rained six days in a row. The forecast says it will rain tomorrow."* *"Well, I don't want it to."* And so the day after that, miraculously the clouds had completely dissipated, and a random heat wave had hit the county. *I'm going to have to be careful with what she wishes for,* I thought. - Age 15 When she was fifteen, she screamed at me, "Stay away from me! I never want to see you again." And just like that, the company set me on a series of never-ending business trips, one weekend after the other. I went from Boston to Munich to Delhi to Hong Kong. I finally had to explain it to my wife, and apparently one night, Olivia cried and said she missed me, and wished she could hug me. The next day, the conference I was in was cancelled, and fifteen hours later, I was back home, having spent an average of 16 hours a week for the past two months. Yeah, fifteen was a tough time to get through, for me and her. - Age 25 "Why didn't you tell me before, Dad?" "I don't...know. I just thought that if you lived your life without knowing, you would be able to have a good life, because things you wanted would happen." "That's not a good enough reason." "I wish I had another one for you. I guess...I was scared of this too. Watching your daughter become a superhero, nothing prepares you for that. It's just so..." "Dangerous?" "Yeah," I said. And then she said it, the only time I've ever heard her wish for something she already had. "I wish you would just trust me, Dad." - Age 35 "Come on, ask me for something, Dad." "No, that's not right." "All the people I meet, and I can't help you out? Please, Dad, let me feel better about standing you up for dinner." "You don't owe me anything, honey. I'm proudest and happiest just seeing you...be you. And the fact that you're busy is good. It means you're making the world better.""That's not a good enough answer. Come on, don't make me say it." "Honey, please." "I wish you would tell me what you want." I was silent for a moment, and then the words slipped out. "I want...to be happy even when you're not around." Then she was silent for a moment. "Dad, why didn't you tell me?" "Because I don't know if it's something you can make come true." "Then let's see. I wish you could find happiness, a happiness that lasts." - Age 45 Now, I tell her that she did make it come true, that my last few years have been great, living in the home, having friends again after so long. "I should have been here more often, Dad." "No. You were out, saving the world." "This life, this job...it's been so hard these last couple years, Dad. It takes so much out of me." "Then wish for something else," I say, another coughing fit hitting me right after. I know it hurts her, having to look at me like this. She can wish for physical phenomena, but in matters like this, there's a limit. It's almost my time to go, and she knows it has to be this way. "Do you need anything, Dad?" she asks, quietly, looking out the hallway, perhaps, for a doctor. "No, I'm fine, honey." We sit in silence for a long time, and I wish, desperately, for words to make her laugh again. "Actually, can I ask for one last thing, honey?" I say. "Anything." "Would it trouble you to not wear makeup when you come to see me? I want to see your real smile." She looks at me, and then grabs a towel off the rack. She wipes her face, almost comically, and I can't help but laugh, trying my best not to fall back into coughing. "Is this better?" she finally asks, mascara and lipstick all over. "That's perfect," I say. "I can't say I want anything else." - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 