
Welp, where do I start. Do you know those stupid moral dilemmas that you had to do in your high school English class? Yeah, I just got into a real big one. I got a compass in a pawn shop that was being sold for dirt cheap, I bought it, because why not? It might be valuable to someone somewhere, and they might be willing to pay me for it. &#x200B; Anyway, this old lady that was working at the pawnshop told me it was a moral compass or something like that. I didn't really care until one family Christmas where I showed it off to everyone and it would point directly at my mother in law. That was stranger than the story that I'm going to tell you. &#x200B; I was on the jury for a convicted serial killer. He was not a good dude, to say the least. He killed so, so many people. I don't want to go into the details. &#x200B; Anyway, they were at a standstill and they lawyers were busy talking to their clients, I didn't have my phone with me, and my fingernails were already bitten all to hell, so I got out the magic compass. This next part freaked me out the most. It pointed directly at the defendant, the *serial killer*. Trust me, I moved the compass around to see if it was a lawyer or someone behind him, but nope, it was definitely him. &#x200B; What do you do in this situation? He killed people, but he was morally right? That goes against everything 99% of people stand for. And who would believe me if I said that this guy is actually the good guy because a broken compass told me so? I had to think long and hard about how the compass behaved. My mother in law is the key, sadly. &#x200B; Then, after five minutes of deep contemplation, it hit me. It's not about who has good morals, it's about if you follow your *own* morals. My mother in law may be an idiot, but she does everything she does because she thinks she is right. It must be the same here. There is no way it is morally correct to kill someone over something, but maybe to him, it is. Maybe in his twisted mind, he believes it is genuinely okay to kill someone because of something they did. That would make him the most moral person in the room, because he goes completely for what he believes. &#x200B; What have I learned from this? I learned that my mother in law (unhallowed be thy name) is the key to solving the worst cases of moral dilemmas. 