
"Three, two, one... and we're live coming to you from the Negra Llama mines one year after the two month saga that kept the world watching. Joining us today are the twenty-five miners that were trapped that fateful day and are now healthy, safe, and sound. Mr. Hernandez, you were the chief operating officer in the mine that day, what was going through your mind?" Matt Gorschkin, lead anchor at Rise and Shine America began. "Well," Pedro began, "it started like any other day until the mine collapsed on us." "That must have been very frightening" Matt continued. "Yeah well I mean, yeah." Nodding, Matt said "I can't help but notice though, there are twenty six people in this crowd, do we have our numbers wrong, or have you gained an extra member?" "Oh him, that's Alex or as we call him our 'Burro Pendejo'" Pedro replied. "Alex, what brought you here?" Matt asked. "I was in the mine too!" Alex respond enthusiastically. "The last ten days or so, at least." Confused, the reporter pressed for more. "You see, I saw the whole thing on TV and thought 'that could be fun' and it was semester break and everything dude so I was like 'bro, I'm gonna go there' so I grabbed my stuff, sold my surfboard and bought a ticket to Spain, but then I realised that this isn't Spain, I just got confused because they were speaking Spanish. But I eventually made it here and was like 'hey dudes, can you let me in?' and they couldn't, so I tried to find a window or something I could climb in, but there weren't any and it was really harshing my realm. So I finally went over to the guys with the hats and was like 'what's up amigo? Can I go in the mine?" and they were like "Sure" and gave me a big cable to go try and give to Pedro, but I put it down halfway through because my hands were getting sweaty and I wanted to check my messages real quick and it went back up and I got stuck." "You... you dropped the wire that was meant to save them so you could check your phone?" Matt asked. "Tinder bro!" Alex exclaimed, "there's so many single ladies in the area now that these dudes were trapped under here" Taking a deep breath, Matt asked "so what happened next?" "Well," Alex continued, "I eventually found Pedro and asked if he had any snacks because I was mad hungry, so he brought me in and gave me some crackers, and I ended up eating most of them, which was a bad move on my part guys, I admit and see that now" he said, looking around him to apologise to the group as a whole. "Without food, and still nine days til you were rescued, how did you all survive?" "Well, like, I was still really hungry and I thought about eating one of them but I didn't because that wouldn't be cool, so I like just only ate the snacks out of my backpack once a day." "You had snacks in your backpack?" Pedro asked. Throwing his red backpack on his lap, Alex unzipped it and started removing the contents "Always do, my amigo, got some fruit roll ups, some Mondos, some Capri Sun, Dunkaroos, some pixie sticks, no wait, that's not candy, some Lunchables, and enough beef jerky to go around, here have some guys. My backpack snacks are two backpack snacks. I picked up a lot of Spanish while I was down there" "We're going to take a quick commercial break and we'll be right back with the twenty-six miners" Matt said as the camera faded to black, staring nervously at the camera as tensions began to heat up in the crowd. "One second, gentlemen" Matt added as he stood up and walked to his producer who motioned for him to quickly join him in the trailer. "Just keep it going, it's great, this is great stuff, you've got the foundations for a Pulitzer here, go out there and make sure you get this kids info when you're done" Marcus shouted, "go go go" pushing him back out the door. Matt came back and the miners were all smiling at him as he took his seat. "Live in three... two... and we're back with the twenty-six miners from the.." "Twenty-five" Pedro said, still smiling. "Where's.... where's Alex?" Matt asked. "Hmm?" 