
"And here we have the line of burst blades." Ruby finally started paying attention. She didn't give a crap about plasmaxes or vibroblades. She'd come to this overly uppity shop for one reason and one reason only, and the goddamn docent she'd been stuck with had finally gotten to them. "Which ones have the longest burst range?" Ruby started with the obvious. It always paid to be able to hit your enemy before they could hit you. "These six are especially-" The smarmy docent began to speak, then stopped as Ruby took two off the shelves and popped open the hilt casing on the first one. Ruby took her time examining the names and types of components built into the burster. These swords were flimsy as hell, and in no way useful for a melee. They were built for an entirely different purpose. They had a wide amplification cone instead of a cross-guard, and the blade was actually a sonic tuner. One good blast from a burster could deafen and disorient an entire group of people. "Crap." She dropped the one she'd been examining on the floor and opened the second one. Brand name components, and a lot of them were bad names to be in a burster. "Hizman and Sons power cells in a burster? What idiot would buy this?" "Ma'am-" Ruby threw the second sword on the ground and grabbed two more. Two more examinations, two more sounds of disgust and dropped bursters. "Ma'am!" The docent intercepted her before she reached for the last two. "Get-" "Ma'am." The docent's voice was softer now, and his eyes twitched to the front of the store. "If you are after more...quality items, then perhaps we can take a look *in the back.*" Ruby paused, then grinned. So this is why Big Jake had sent her here. Three minutes later she was looking at a *real* weapon display. "Is that a Nigon-44 with chain razors?" Ruby felt her eyes widen as she saw the twenty-eight foot extension all coiled up, the small blades had all been polished to a shine. "It's actually a 45b, the military version." The docent was different back here. He was less smarmy, less invasive, and his face was harder and keener. "It comes with a set of detonating stickers that can be used in place of the razors. Hit a foe, and three seconds later he explodes." "Nice." Ruby let true emotion show in her voice, "But a bit bulky for my needs." "So you're after well-concealed bursters? Hm, you may appreciate this then." Ruby turned around and fell in love. "A Sigusman 626!" Ruby rushed over to the finely crafted rapier-like burster with a collapsible cross-amplifier and six activation mode toggles on it's handle. She had the hilt apart in seconds and fell into a running litany of awe and shopping fever. "Hand built transmission array!" Ruby breathed, "A Volkan power cell with kinetic recharge! How did they fit that in here?! Clux Tuner! It has it's own *tuner?*" "I see that you approve." The docent carefully took the blade from her and reconstructed the hilt with the ease of a professional, "But now I must ask you to stop handling the merchandise." "Fine, so I guess you want to talk price then?" "If you wish." The docent replaced the sword on the display with utmost care. "But we like to provide our special clients with, hm, payment options." "Oh?" "You could pay the sticker price on this, which is enough to support a few families for a dozen years... or you could do me a personal favor and you receive the weapon as compensation." The docent turned and this time there was no hint of the idiot who had been escorting her in the front of the store. "Consider it a trade, of sort." Ruby grinned. This might even be a better deal than she thought. "Whatya got in mind?" "I need a certain item, and the police seem to have, hm, appropriated it from a client of mine. Retrieve it and the Sigusman here is all yours." "Well, that's great." Ruby loved a challenge, "I can appreciate that kind of one-payment plan." "Excellent." The docent's smile broke quickly and vanished just as fast. "I'll get the paperwork started." 