
Whitby smiled, knowing that the world would be his from that day forward and he wouldn't even have to kill anyone for it. In an office building not too far from manhattan, he sat across the superhero "Lightning bolt" in an interrogation room, cleverly disguised to appear like a lunch room from the outside. Both of them had agreed to cuff their hands to the table. "So you'll help us, right?" Lightning bolt, better known to most as Sherman Light, sweat profusely even in the rather cool room. "You'll help us catch Vertigo and quit working for him?" He repeated, for the ninth time in the last minute. "I told you I will, Sherman." Whitby said, knowing that tossing his secret identity like an exclamation sign would bother him. "Have you arranged it all with the mayor?" "Yes. This whole building, access to controled chemicals, and 6% of the city's tax revenue is yours the moment you deactivate the nuke." Lightning bolt answered calmly. No point in getting angry given how much was at stake. "There never was a nuke" Whitby announced deadpanned "What?!" Lightning threatened to jump, but the unobtanium reinforced cuffs stopped him. "Well, there is one, but I simply didn't help Vertigo this time." Whitby freed his hands as he talked, using a gizmo he had hidden on one of his sleeves. "There was no point in allowing this opportunity to evaporate if it suddenly went off. Besides, I knew you would make me an offer the moment you heard about it; you wouldn't care to check." He walked up to Lightning and removed the cuffs. He stood in his seat still shocked. "The poor bastard. You should have seen him" Whitby continued, mostly to himself. "Vertigo actually managed to make a rather stable fusion. Good for energy, not so much for bombs. Oh you should've heard him laughing" "You mean he didn't know it was a dud?!" Lightning asked. "Of course not!" Whitby answered laughing at the absurdity. "Do you think he would be so arrogant if he knew he's *a thing* thanks to me? He couldn't even realize I always gave you a fighting chance by sneaking in some flaw in the design." He began to walk out of the room, but turned around at the last second. "Actually, could you play along for a bit longer at least? I wouldn't want him to think you no longer take him seriously. I've grown fond of Vertigo, you know?" Once again he walked through the door. "He'll die sooner or later sticking his nose on something he can't understand, anyway. Now scram, I have some ideas for this place already" Lightning remained in the chair for a few seconds, processing what had happened. Had Vertigo really been a fool all this time? Was he one too for not realizing? He did always question how had he won so many times, always sure he had outsmarted him by discovering the lack of armour on the wings (See The amazing Lightning #274), or the poor temperature control in the V-Tank's cauldron (#293). Had it really been the work of this little man? He wanted to go and strangle him, or make sure he was well watched once this was over, but for the first time, he doubted he would win the fight. He flew out of a window, smashing it in one last act of defiance and retreated to his hideout to think about what had just happened. 