
"No way." Rita squinted at the newspaper that Eddie dangled in front of her face. "No way," she repeated, smacking him on the wrist. "What're you even doing here today? Aren't you supposed to be at home, visiting your folks?" He grinned as he slid into the chair opposite hers, tossing the paper over her half-eaten pancakes. "Told ya, like, a year ago?" Rolling her eyes, she took a sip of coffee. "Not that time traveler shit again." "You can't deny--" "Yes, your prediction that our president would be hospitalized for an illness is absolute, irrefutable proof that you're a time traveler." He folded his arms and didn't answer immediately. That struck Rita as odd. As quick as she was with her barbs, Eddie could come up with retorts faster than a politician could with an empty promise. He had practice too; they bantered like this almost everyday before they went to class. They'd built something of a reputation--Rita and her weirdo pseudo-boyfriend, who liked telling people they'd fail their tests just to wreck their confidence. Which wouldn't be so effective if he wasn't always right, she had to admit. "People fall ill all the time," she said, trying to provoke a response, but he continued looking out the window at the sky with a distracted look in his eye. "Eddie? You okay?" "Yeah," he said, shaking his head. "Busy day ahead." She smiled and toss his paper back at him. "The test you're not even sitting for? For a time traveler, you're a pretty shitty one, since you could've saved me all the effort by looking for the answers ahead of time. Ha ha. Get it?" "Yeah, yeah. Against the rules," he mumbled. "Eddie, what the hell is wrong? You're scaring me." "Sorry, Rita." He reached across the table and grabbed one of her hands. His gaze almost met hers before sliding off to the side, toward the kitchen doors. "I need you to follow me." She pulled away, eyeing him. "Are all time travelers as weird as you?" He had already left their table, winding his way past the other students in the campus cafe, many of whom were hunched over their notes doing last minute revisions. A few called after her as she followed him. "Kitchen's off limits," she called, but he ignored her and went right through. They hurried through the kitchen, dodging staff who were too busy or distracted to yell at them, until they came to the walk-in freezer. He paused, glanced at her, then took hold of her hand again. "You want to go in there?" When he tried to pull her, she pulled back. "Tell me what's going on, please." He squeezed his eyes shut for several seconds, then reopened them, blinking tears away. "I guess it won't change anything if I tell you now. You're the best friend I ever had, Rita, and I'd do anything to not lose you. Only ... I did. I would. I had? Damn it." He wrenched the freezer door open, releasing a blast of frigid air into their faces. "During our freshman year, I went to the future, just to make sure you'd turn out all right. Graduate on time, all that. But you didn't. You die ... you died today. A lot of people did." "A plane crashes today on our campus ground." He glanced at his watch. "In ... about a minute." Rita hugged herself. "What are you saying? That's not funny." He smiled at her, then grabbed her arm and tugged her in. She screamed, trying to push him away, but he shoved her to the ground. Shrugging out of his jacket, he tossed it onto her before pressing his own body atop hers, pinning her to the ground. "I met my future self, the one who survived," he said quietly, as she ceased struggling. She stared into his eyes, at the sincerity in them. "He explained what happened. And then he vanished." The door swung shut slowly, but not before Rita heard a growing, high-pitched squeal ... and the shrieking of her fellow students. A thunderous explosion and the most terrible shaking followed, and she felt as if the ground itself was being torn apart. She screamed in fear, eyelids tightly shut, but as quickly as it'd started ... the quaking ended. Slowly, she opened her eyes, drawing a shallow breath of frosty air. Sunlight peeked through a column of smoke through holes in the freezer's ceiling. Her hands found Eddie's shoulders, and she gave him a light shake. "It's over," she gasped. When he didn't answer, she reached up and touched his face. It was slick with blood, dripping from the back of his head. Her stomach clenched, and her next breath caught in her throat. "Eddie? Eddie, wake up. Eddie!" She shook him, but he didn't answer, didn't move. She tried to push him aside, to get a better look at her surroundings, only to realize he wouldn't budge. Debris had piled on his back, his body shielding hers from their harm, but not the weight. Instinctively, she knew that some part of the plane had struck the cafe directly, destroying the dining area completely. "Eddie, I believe you now," she sobbed. "Please, I believe you. Wake up, Eddie." There were other voices crying out, in panic, pain, and fear. Another explosion, nearby. But his remained silent. *** *Okay hit me, plot hole detectives. Thanks for reading :P Check out my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) for more stories!* 