
"Look, I promise I don't have wizardry. It's just some stupid rumor." Matt was still staring at me with eyes narrowed. "It's just coincidence!" I pleaded. "I have bad luck! Why would I have magic powers? I'm not an orphan. I don't even have a scar!" Matt sighed, motioning with his hands. He was my best friend, and if he didn't believe me, no one else would. "I'm sorry, man. But you do have a birthmark." "That's... that's different." "Sometimes it also glows a faint green." "What are---you're just making up stuff now. I mean, fine, even if it does, it's not like you've seen me do actual magic, right? So it doesn't mean anything." He hesitated. "Well, there was last week when you started a fire on the chalkboard..." "It was the sun! It was 90 degrees outside, come on." "There's also that time you closed your locker without touching it." "That was a sudden gust of wind. From the people walking by." "And of course, yesterday you turned Carl into a frog for two minutes." "He was making a prank video for his YouTube channel! I just happened to be walking by, and he chose me for the target. In fact, he was probably hiding under a table or something." "We were in the hallway. There were no tables." "But---so what? That still doesn't mean anything." "Also, you're floating in the air right now and you have a pentagram on your forehead." "Wha---" I dropped back to the ground. I looked up again and crossed my arms. "I don't know what you're talking about," I stated flatly. Matt took a deep breath and exhaled. "Okay, fine. Hey, it's okay. I've suspected it for a long time. You're still my friend." "But I'm not a wizard." I said, frustrated. "It's okay, I understand. I still accept you, and everyone else will too. Eventually." "But I'm NOT a WIZARD!" I shoved past him and ran out the school doors. I heard him call after me but I ignored it, turning the corner and running until I felt my lungs burn and my eyes sting. I doubled over and panted, feeling my eyes blur with unwanted tears. "I'm not a wizard. I can't be." I pulled out my phone. The screen lit up with photos of me playing with Matt. "Why doesn't he understand?" I tapped in my password and brought up the phone app. I suddenly felt very lonely, and decided to dial my mom's number. She picked up on the fourth ring. "Hey, mom." "Son, are you alright? I'm a little busy right now, is this urgent?" "Mom, it's just... everyone thinks I'm a wizard. Even Matt does. What am I supposed to do? Nobody believes me!" I heard my mom sigh into the phone. "Actually, son... well, your father and I were planning to break the news later, but I suppose now's as good a time as any. I might as well tell you now." "Tell me what?" I asked carefully. "Son, there's no easy way to say this. The truth is, you have type II wizardry. I'm sorry." 