
The first time I saw her I knew she would be the end of me, but I chose her to be my personal nurse anyway. Everyday I wonder how she will attempt to '*end*' me. "Grape juice..." I held the vile drink away from me. "I asked for apple juice not *grape* juice." Kara blinked twice then snapped at me, "No you *didn't*. You asked for grape juice and you asked for grape juice yesterday too. Actually, grape juice is the only juice you drink." I chuckled as I swished the deep purple liquid around. "Really?" My favorite nurse nods quickly. "Yep. Grape juice is your favorite, so drink up old man." The grape juice was obviously poisoned. Did she really think I would fall for this age-old trick? I glanced briefly at Kara. She was starring at the grape juice with an intensity that could rival a starving dog. I bring the glass of grape juice to my lips anyway. I paused. "Whats wrong old man? Do you need help drinking? Has your arm finally lost its capacity to even drink from a cup?" Kara asks with too much hostility for a nurse. How she became a nurse with an attitude like this was beyond me. I shake my head slowly. "No, no, that's not it Kara. It's not my arm today... It's my lips." I look at Kara with my most serious face. "I've lost motor function in my lips Kara, and I think you're going to have to give me the grape juice via lip-to-lip you know?" Kara's face twists and creases with incredulity. "Are you fu- I mean what?!" I raise the glass of grape juice towards Kara. "Come on now young lady, don't make an old man wait." Kara rolls her eyes at me. "Ugh. There's no way in hell am I-" "I don't have long you know," I said. With those spoken words, Kara's eyes are suddenly glistening and for a moment I was lost. Lost in a memory of my dead wife. Her deep blue eyes that seemed like violet under the glow of the moonlight. Her angry face whenever I forgot to wash the dishes. For some strange reason, Kara reminded me so much of my dead wife. "Why are you crying Kara? Is it because you have failed to kill me - *once again* - today?" I asked. Kara shakes her head fiercely. "N-no, I'm trying to save you." "By killing me?" I laughed. This time she nods. "But why? Why would you want to kill *me?* A man already terminally ill from a rampantly metastasizing cancer." "Because *dad* you told me to, remember? That if you ever forgot me... that if the cancer spreads to your brain, you'd want me to end your life." How could I forget my little angel? I hung my head in shame and when I looked up at my daughter, I found the world blurred and hazy. I was crying. "It's okay dad..." she says quietly. "You know... you make a shitty nurse," I remarked. Kara laughs. "And you suck even more at trying to murder someone discreetly. Like that time you set up a wire trap on the stairs? That was atrocious. But thanks for trying to kill me." "Always was a pleasure dad," Kara says coyly, then turned her gaze downward. "It broke my heart when I showed up that day. I was visiting you, and you took me for a nurse. I wished you'd remember me one day but you never did." "Sorry," I said and found no other words to say. But there was a way to make this all better. I wiped a stray tear away and smiled. "My angel of death. Thank you for this grape juice." I raise the glass of grape juice to my lips and drink. How vile. ---- ---- /r/em_pathy 