
"I don't know. It just doesn't seem right somehow." Richard's voice quavered with uncertainty. Lilith rolled her eyes. "Look. It's fine. I'm saying it's fine. Let's just go over, and say hi." Her voice echoed off the cave's walls. It seemed so empty, now that the fires of Hell had gone out. She wasn't quite sure what had done it but had to admit it was a nice change of pace. There were smells entering her nostrils different from the usual brimstone and sulfur. Her eyes were quickly adjusting to the darkness, and without the constant roar of the fire, she could hear voices from nearby. It had been nearly six hundred years since she had had a conversation with someone other than the pathetic excuse for a damned human before her. She was tired and ready to go out, even if it was just to investigate. Richard wasn't convinced though. "What if it's a trap?" Lilith laughed. "What could possibly be worse than what you've already been through? I pulled out all the stops for you, buddy. The drawn and quartering. The flaying. The demon babies eating your intestines. What more could you possibly fear?" She could hear him shrugging in the darkness. "I don't know. I just do. I'd rather the devil I know, you know?" "Well, the devil you know is bored and curious," Lilith said. "I'm checking out those voices and I can't leave you alone. You're coming with me one way or another." She snapped her fingers and knew that he was now bound and gagged with invisible ropes and was floating behind her. Feeling a bit uncertain, she stepped out of her cave, psionically-dragging Richard behind her. They emerged in a large rock antechamber. Other demons and humans were also beginning to emerge from their caves. "What's going on?" Lilith asked the first demon she came upon. He beamed a smile that showed off his four layers of teeth. "Lucy fixed up the air conditioning!" "What?" In the low light, Lilith could see that a small crowd had formed around them, looking for answers. The demon looked flattered to be the center of so much attention. And why shouldn't he have been? The demons had been as trapped in those caves as the damned humans. He deserved a bit of attention. They all did. The demon affected the manner of a serious messenger. "Since we were cast out, demons have been persecuted through the fire. The dictators upstairs did not want us to leave and left us trapped in fire. But Prince Lucifer, our mighty and clever ruler with the assistance of several damned engineers, has adopted and implemented a technology the humans refer to as 'air conditioning.' We never need fear the fire again!" The assembled demons cheered, Lilith included. "So we're free to go?" she asked. "We're not bound by fire anymore?" "That's right!" the toothy demon smiled again. The rest of the assembled demons shifted uneasily from one clawed foot to the other though. Lilith looked back at the damned humans. They remained bound, but didn't look quite as pained as they normally did. Lilith used her talon to stab Richard in the side. It wouldn't be professional for him to lose sight of pain for too long, and she was nothing, if not a professional demon. She took great pride in what she did--humans who wasted their lives hurting people deserved nothing less in death. It kept a kind of balance in the world. A balance that would be upset if she left. "What if we don't want to go?" she asked. A murmur of assent rose from the crowd. The demon smile grew even wider, revealing a previously unseen fifth row of teeth. "Then stay! And continue your torture with the added comfort of air conditioning!" A cheer rose up from the crowd, and they slithered, scurried, crawled, and walked back to their caves, their damned charges groaning in despair behind them. It was sometimes nice, Lilith reflected, to have options. Options can help set your priorities in order. With the choice to leave, she had realized that there was no place like home. Contentedly, she snapped her fingers, turning the ropes that bound Richard into venomous snakes. Hell isn't that bad of a place, she thought. If you can appreciate it. Behind her, Richard screamed. 