
"Fifth time this week Allen," I shouted across to my spotter who had taken up a defensive position just outside the cafeteria among the office desk sets, "I swear if we survive this I'm flying to Sweden myself and kicking someone's ass." "Less talking more sword!" Allen shouted back, "7 o'clock!" I jumped backwards as the great fist of Sijarenbeld, destroyer of worlds crashed through the roof the Bolingsbrook Ikea. Guess we were going to need to add another skylight to the store. I managed to weakly lunge at the arm as it retreated and draw a long shallow scratch across the back of its hand. "**STJARNBILD!"** I screamed at the petrified family of four suburbanites who had caused this, "It sounds like a 'Y', for the love of God. You're going to get us all killed" "9 o'clock!" Allen's voice cut across the sounds of the falling debris, "We've got another 40 seconds." Great. True names were all well and good, powerful stuff, apparently. Not the sort of thing a minimum wage kid working a summer job at Ikea was supposed to learn about, but it was an occupational hazard and OSHA regulations were clear. Speaking a demon's true name could allow them to manifest for a short time, but humans weren't exactly great magical beings, and most weren't focusing on summoning the demon when they mispronounced our offerings. Few could manage more than a dozen seconds of manifestations. Unfortunately, Sijarenbeld was a nasty sort. He could hold his own portal open for a bit. A minute or so was fairly normal, but the last time he'd done a number on the parking lot when an aunt had jokingly made her little girl try to pronounce the furniture names. Children apparently make better conduits, thank God it was the dad's fault this time. The fist crashed directly behind me, and debris buffeted my back as I tried to roll out of the way. For a second I thought I'd stab myself with Viktigt, the Assistant Manager's Greatsword. I managed to regain my feet as Sijarenbeld dropped into the store. A fifty foot monstrosity when he wanted to be, every now and he seemed to like spending his last few seconds terrorizing us on a more personal level. "Fire boys!" Allen's voice rang out with the sound of a couple firearms we kept in the breakroom, and the twang of the Nightshift Crossbow. The bullets didn't have any measurable effect, but the silver bolt in his shoulder caused the demon to wince just a bit. He started to advance on me. "Got a time Allen?" I yelled out, waving the greatsword in front of me defensively. I wasn't a great swordsman, but I was quicker than anyone else on second shift, and the weapon was one of a handful of anti-demon countermeasures corporate had sent the store. Supposedly we had a priest on days, those assholes never had to deal with this shit. "Seven seconds!" Sijarenbeld took another step towards me, and a second volley from the rangers had much less visible effect. Allen wasn't done reloading the crossbow, great. The demon closed to within about three feet of me and swung a backhand with an arm the size of a respectable oak limb. I tried to get the greatsword up in a block but it was like trying to hold a stick in front of a freight train, he knocked the blade out of my hand and sent it careening through the foodcourt. Hopefully no one got impaled. Then the demon had his hand on my chest and gravity seemed to fall away as I found myself flying through the air after my sword. Gravity reasserted itself just in time to send me painfully through one of the tables in the cafeteria and the world spun a bit. I heard a scream and some cheering, then Allen's voice, "That's time! Someone check on Josh!" Good to know they remembered me. This was so not worth $11 an hour. 