
"I...I'm afraid I don't understand" I rasped. I felt a gentle hand press down on my chest, urging me to lay down again. "Where am I? Who are you?" As I lay back down, the hand moved from my chest to the back of my head, slowly arching my neck forward. Gently, I felt something pressing against my lips. "Drink" she commanded, and without hesitation I obliged. Could she mean to poison me? Certainly, but I was too parched to care. Either way, she was showing me mercy, and I was grateful for it. I gulped down the cool water as swiftly as I could, pausing only when the beaker was empty to catch my breath. "Thank you...I don't know how I'll ever repay you" I said, reaching for the blindfold around my eyes. This time, I felt two gentle hands pressed down against my own instead of one. Her touch was silken, almost like velvet. It was unlike any woman's touch I had ever felt before. I froze, as realization started to dawn on me. "You must keep the blindfold on, sailor. For your own good. Do you remember where you are?" The words caught in my mouth. I could hardly breathe. Finally, I managed to break the silence. "The last I remember, we crashed on the island of Sarpedon, home of Medusa the Gorgon. Some of my crew-mates were turned to stone and others tried to swim to a different island. I know not what happened to the latter. I tried to find water and supplies to fix the ship, but I suffered from heatstroke. I don't remember anything else before waking up here". I heard some clanging in the distance and what might have been the crackling of a fire. I felt a warmth under my nose, accompanied by the heavenly smell of...fried fish? My stomach roused in anticipation of the meal. "Recover your strength, sailor" she said, guiding my hands to the bowl. "Worry not that you choke on the bones of the fish, for I have removed them. I have also fixed your vessel, all you need do is set sail at the next tide and wind. You can make your way to Cisthene if you sail East for 3 or 4 days, depending on the winds." I had already inhaled both fish hurriedly, thankful for the first morsel I had eaten in days. "When you are well enough, you must leave my island, sailor. I suffer no visitors here" she commanded. Wiping my mouth on my sleeve, I thanked her for the meal. Reaching out with my arms, I found I was next to a wall and used it to lean against instead of lying down. I couldn't remain ignorant any longer. I had to know. "Madam, thank you kindly for all your help. I am forever in your debt. But I must ask. Are you the Gorgon Medusa, who is said to live on this island?" I heard her inhale deeply, then what sounded like a *hiss.* "Yes. I am that same Medusa. Many of your crew gazed upon me and were turned to stone. I can do nothing for them. Curse their bad fortune." I was silent for a moment. Surely, if she intended to kill me, she would have done so by now. What was she planning? Plucking up the courage, I asked what was on my mind. "Madam, if I may be so bold...how did you become...like this?" Again, she sighed deeply, ending in a hiss. "This is the reward for those beloved of the gods. My sisters and I were once beautiful. So beautiful, in fact, that the gods wanted knowledge of us. I had caught the eye of Poseidon, who cannot accept refusal. So, he dragged me into the temple of Pallas Athene and..." her voice tapered off, but I knew this story. "I'm sorry" I offered, knowing how fickle the gods are. I could imagine the rest. Athena, angered at the desecration of her temple, had punished the mortal woman instead of her uncle. "Why are sorry, boy? What have you done?" she asked. I could sense the playful sneer in her voice. "I'm sorry for the injustice you have had to suffer. Not just once, but twice." "Twice?" she asked, seeming genuinely bemused. "Athena punished you for a crime you did not commit. I can't imagine why she would, but I'm sorry nonetheless." I offered. The gorgon hissed her mirth. "I could never expect a man to understand!" she proclaimed. I couldn't tell what was happening, or what she was thinking. "I...Madam, I must admit I'm confused. What do I not understand?" She stopped laughing at the question. I could hear her inching towards me, slowly, until I could feel her breath against my neck. "Pallas Athena did not curse me, boy. This is strength. No longer will I be an object, to be owned and discarded according to someone else's whim. Pallas Athena has blessed me as only a goddess can. In strength, there is beauty." I hardly heard her slither away, but I could certainly make out the fire crackling again as she poked it. Finally, she spoke. "You will set sail in the morning boy, the winds will favor you. Promise never to set foot back here again, and to tell all you meet of the horrors I have inflicted upon your crew. Tell them I kept you alive but as a messenger. But first, tell me your name." For a moment, I thought of taking a leaf out of Odysseus' book and giving her a false name, but thought better of it immediately. She had, after all, offered me hospitality and kindness. "Thank you for your kindness, Madam. I am Perseus of Argos, and I hope to one day return the favor." --- If you enjoyed this story and would like to see more from me, please consider subscribing to my subreddit [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/phreaklikeme/)! 