
"Your mother is in a suspended state. Not a coma, her brain waves are active in different areas and her muscles seem to be contracting. We're unable to determine when or if she'll wake up." "Doctor I don't mean to come off as harsh but it may just be her time. She was thrilled to make it to her 200th birthday and beat the record, but after she asked me to add a "do not resuscitate" order." "Normally sir I would agree, but I must tell you she doesn't appear to be anywhere close to death, if anything I think she's getting stronger." "Stronger...?" That was the last thing Paul expected to hear from the doctor regarding his elderly mother. He himself was getting up there in years, but 175 was about the highest anyone usually got with only a few sprinkling the 190's. Since his mom hit 180 and became bed ridden, he's never heard any positive news... let alone someone saying she's getting stronger. "Her blood pressure has lowered into healthy levels, sugar, oxygen, all that stuff that's usually high or low has leveled out. Her muscles seem to be strengthening themselves up, her cataracts are gone, Paul she's healthier then you or I right now." *DOCTOR WHOTE TO THE ICU STAT* Both men jumped at the loud speaker and looked at eachother. In this small town there was only one patient in the ICU. They ran towards the opposite end of the building to find a crowd of nurses and patients running away. "THERE'S A MONSTER IN MRS. BLOCKS ROOM!" The men faultered a bit before making the last turn. Furniture and medical supplies littered the hall and before them stood a 8 foot tall slightly blue humanoid creature...wearing the tattered remains of a hospital gown and Paul's mom's signature pearls. "Jesus mom what are you doing?! Put that chair down, I have your smokes on me but we have to wait till we can go outside." "Oh sorry, I do seem to have made a mess." Mrs. Block unsteadily leans down to pick up a box of gloves but over shoots multiple times with her newly 4 foot long arms. "This body is so weird, please don't tell me you paid to have me put in this. Ug oooh cramp! Oh there we go ok I got this." She triumphantly grasps the box and smiles at her confused son. "Mom I think you're still in your old body, you just.... changed." "Awesome I'm going to wreak that damn oldest body record! Oh and I bet this body can make cookies a thousand times as fast as that useless one, stupid Janice doesn't stand a chance at this year's bake off." "Mom... I think the doctors are going to want you to stay here for a while." 