
It's my first time being Reduced, and I've already decided I don't much like it. My head pounds as if a rock is being bashed against it from the inside. Again, and again and again. Hard to focus. In front of me, silhouettes of tower blocks rise above the city's wall. Smoke drifts up from somewhere inside, thick plumes of it meeting and congealing far above, forming something like a demonic spectre. For a second, I let myself get carried away, and imagine it's watchin' over the city. It don't look like it wants visitors. The Amber City, those inside call it, 'cause they're forever locked like insects within. To people like me, it's called Project 143. To the rest of the world, it doesn't even have a name. *Doesn't exist.* None of the prison cities do. The bridge to the city reeks of death. Either side of me, every few meters, wooden gallows hold the remains of people who got on wrong side of someone or 'nother. The bridge is probably nothing more than a splinter, in reality, but to me, it might as well be a road. Skeletons dangle idly from ropes, their skulls still locked inside nooses, clicking and clacking as they rock back and forth in the breeze. Occasionally, there's maybe one with a bit of flesh, or a bit of muscle, or entrails dangling down onto the path, and I got to be real careful not to trip. When I reach the wooden doors at the other end, I pull back the skull knocker and slam it back hard. My headache takes offences and lets me know. But slowly the doors peel back, revealing the darkness of the twisted city within. It's a woman who steps out. Stringy, lean and dangerous looking. Daggers are strapped either side of her belt, but its her green eyes that try to pierce me first. "Yeah?" she asks. Her face is suspicion. "What is it?" "I've come to see Elliott." "Elliott?" She laughs. "You've already seen Elliott, darlin'." I frown, then follow her gaze. The skeleton swinging to my side. No legs, no arms. "Now, get the fuck off the bridge and back to wherever it is you came from. *Got it?*" "That ain't Elliott," I say. "You call me a fuckin' liar?" She lets her hands fall to her daggers. "I'm saying you ain't telling me the truth." I take the badge out of my raincoat and flash the Justice Division emblem. "Now, you might want to make sure your tongue doesn't walk sideways next time. *Got it?*" She must have thought I was from one of the other prison cities. They all connect, but its rare for someone to stray from their own. No city likes deserters. Snitches might get stitches, deserters get buried the fuck alive. "*Shit!* Well, you can't blame a gal for trying, can you"--she squints at the words below the eagle--"*Inspector Levin?*" "As you know, I can blame you for just about whatever I want." She flashes me a fake smile that wasn't gonna win no award in a pretty competition. "What's you name?" I ask her. "Clara." "You know where I can find Elliott, Clara?" She laughs. "Honey, I don't even know who the fuck Elliott is." "Someone who shouldn't be here." "Shiiit. You guys put someone innocent in here?" She laughs again. "Well ain't that a riot!" "No, not someone innocent. Someone who shouldn't be here 'cause they're too fucking dangerous to be." I walk past, pushing her to the side and entering the City of Amber. "And you're going to help me find Elliott real soon, or this whole mini-bio is gonna be crushed. Understood?" Her face is already pale. "Yeah. Yeah, I understand! Look, uh, maybe I can take you to someone who knows people. Knows a lot of people." She follows me inside, pulling the doors shut after her and moving a metal bolt across them. If the bridge reeked of death, the city stinks it. Faeces, too. And lies. They smell different, but they're there. The cobbled path beneath me is stained a dark red, as if blood had been let not so long ago. "Say, how did you know that wasn't Elliott back there?" "Elliott's a woman. Whoever that was, wasn't." "No kidding?" She glances up at the roiling purple sky. "We got to get moving. If we're caught out in the Waters, there won't be no finding our faces, let alone your friend." --- I asked one of my favourite writers here (lilwa) if she'd like to do part two (as I'm low on time), and she's agreed, so that will be up soon. Hope you enjoy! ####[Part two](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/88iybx/wp_in_the_future_prisons_no_longer_exist_instead/dwlbi6p/) 