
"So, how you finding it?" Luck asks, smiling awkwardly. The Gods here still don't really know how to behave around me. Officially, I am now one of them, unofficially, I should be subservient. I keep it chill, they'll get used to it. "Yeah, it's surprisingly fun!" I say placing a friendly hand on his shoulder. "I gotta ask though, how do you decide who to make lucky?" He perks up a bit "Ah well, I try to distribute it around as fair as I can, but there are some people I just really like to watch, so I give them some luck. Then there are others who I think need a bit of unluck to make improvements in their life. You see, luck isn't every..." "I see, I see," I interrupt, "But how come it seems like all the sociopath elites have all the luck? No consequences to their actions, money and fame coming at them, yet people like who I was, fought all the way." "Ah well, you see society began to develop at such a fast pace, that luck was somewhat *ahem* manufactured. I can make these 'elites' invest badly every now and then, but in a way, they themselves have become human gods" he shifts his gaze, "not like you of course." "So...I should probably be wary of the humans manufacturing my godly powers?" I smile as I refer to my subjects as humans, and then chuckle as I think of them as subjects. "I would think of it more as, be observant of what they are doing. Our power does come from their feelings for us after all." "Can you make gods lucky?" "Alas no. We are immune to godly influences." "Seems a bit unfair if Fire can just burn your face off." "Well, being immortal does tend to make that an irrelevant worry." "Cool." I nod. Not a bad gig. I better thank Gravity for that sneeze of hers. "So you just wanted to talk about how things were going?" "Err...Not quite." Luck takes a deep breath. "The other gods and I are concerned that you are not using your powers in a fair way." "I am the most fair!" I scoff. "You cannot inflict your powers too strongly on people." "Some deserve it. And what of it anyway? I can do what I was made to do, and it seems you cannot stop me." "No...the entire human race fears you, and that makes us fear you, for no other has had power such as yours." I smile and place both my hands on his shoulders. I feel my power flow through me, and I see the change in Luck's eyes. I have affected him. I am above all. "I am sorry." Luck says, eyes watering. "I should not have been so blunt...I owe you so much." I remove my hands from him and laugh. "I always collect." I whisper, fully embracing my new name. Debt. 