
"I've got this." The sound of dice rolling in the cup echoed around the tiny attic. The others rolled their eyes. "You don't have this. Just stop. If you miss-" He grinned. "I'm not going to miss." The man sitting across the table sighed, rubbing his forehead. "Lee, just stop. You'll only have him in your sights long enough for a single shot." "I've got this." "You're an asshole, you know?" the woman sitting farthest from him burst out. "Do you know how long it took for us to get here? You can't just-" "Mary. Please. Stop." Lee said, grinning as he shook the cup. The man sitting at the head of the table waited, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips. He'd been planning the campaign for a long, *long* time. He hadn't expected it to play out like *this.* "Don't tell me to stop!" Mary snapped, sitting back in her chair. "If you take that shot, it's just going to glance off. The guards are all going to swarm the tower, and you'll be *done*. You're too far away." "Mary. Please. I've got this," Lee said, still rolling. A bead of sweat dripped down the back of his neck. Maybe this *wasn't* such a good idea after all. "You're not even from the right *direction*. The angle's all wrong. How's that supposed to work?" No. He had it. He'd played everything straight - the buffs to his luck and agility *should* be enough to get him through. If they missed this chance, it would take them *forever* to get back. If he missed, the party would do fine without him. He'd be left starting from scratch again, but that was just the game, wasn't it? "The limousine is still rolling, Lee," the man sitting at the end of the table droned on. "What are you going to do?" He turned a page idly, smirking. Lee grinned. "One shot, right?" The game master sighed. "One. *One* shot." "Lee-" Mary said, her eyes tight, but Lee was already rolling. The dice flew from his cup. They slammed into the table with a clatter, scattering. The group threw themselves forward, eyes locked on the tiny plastic shape. For a long moment, there was only silence as they stared. It was broken by the sound of Lee's laughter, strident and loud. "Yes! Yes! Oh, *Yes!* You all owe me! You owe me *so hard*! Mary, you owe us pizza!" She sat back, lips pursed, but there was a grin tugging at her lips. The game master closed his book slowly, chuckling to himself. That *wasn't* how it was supposed to go. He'd had so much more planned out - so many more challenges they were supposed to face. But it was impossible to argue with a perfect roll - no matter how implausible a situation that put him in. "Congratulations," he said, pasting a smile onto his face. "One shot.  Assassination complete." (/r/inorai, critique always welcome!) 