
"No. It's impossible. I can't get that. No one can because it doesn't exist!" I tell him. "You know how wealthy I am, right? I've collected a lot of money over my lifetime. I even bought my name," Dr. Moneyface said. "All you need is one drop. One drop will do it. The demon I bought my immortality from told me I needed a weakness, so I chose that. It seemed like a good idea at the time, since, as you know, it's not supposed to exist. Back then I never thought I would ever want to die," he continued in a half-whine, half-sneer. "Let's say I can even get close enough to get one. How am I going to make it come out?" I asked. "That's why I've come to you. You're the best. I can get you close, but you'll need to figure out how to extract a drop," Dr. Moneyface answered. "Fine, I'll see what I can do. But no promises. You're asking me to do the impossible!" I say. "And you'll be compensated handsomely. One billion dollars so you'll never have to work again," he said. "When do I get to meet him?" I asked. "In two hours. Grab your coat," Dr. Moneyface said. We flew in his helicopter to a nearby hotel. There was going to be some sort of press conference or something. I don't know what it was, but he had a press pass for me. This would get me close enough. I had to think quickly how I would be able to extract the precious dew. We landed and I had my plan. It was devious enough that it just might work. "I'll need this," I said as I took the handkerchief from his front pocket. It was purple and a gold "DM" was embroidered on it. "Whatever you need. I'll be waiting here," Dr. Moneyface said. There he was, my target. I snuck through the crowd, slowly getting closer and closer. The press conference was about to start so he was still chatting with fans. I forced my way to the front. "Pleasure to meet you! My son is a huge fan. Really, he just loves you, but-" I say as I choke back some tears. "But what?" He asked. "Well he goes in for surgery on some lymph nodes tomorrow and he's scared. He asked if I could get one hair from your beard to bring him luck and keep him safe," I said. "If that's all it takes, it's worth it. Go ahead, take whichever one you want," he said as he offered me his enormous chin. I went in to grab a long one, and at the last moment made a move for a nose hair. It was pristine, of course. And it worked. His eyes started to well up so I offered him the handkerchief. "Think you went a little too high there, partner," he said as he handed the handkerchief back to me. "So sorry, but thank you," I said as I shoved the handkerchief into my pocket and turned to take the precious liquid to Dr. Moneyface. I actually did it. I captured a tear from Chuck Norris. 