
The chips taste stale, dissolving to a salty potato dust in my mouth. The twinkies are hard, their soft spongieness having ossified weeks ago. The Code Red Mountain Dew still tastes pretty good, but it's a bit flat, and I'm down to my last 12 pack. Honestly, I didn't even realize that the alien invasion was happening until about four months in. Don't get me wrong, I was one of the first to hear about it, but I saw it on r/conspiracy and just assumed that it was another tin foil hat conspiracy. Go figure, they were the first to report on it, and damn it they were right. The UFO's were real after all. Being rather shall we say rotund, and living by myself in my mom's old house, I didn't have much reason to go and join the militias or wars or anything like that. I just stayed holed up in my tiny little suburban brick house and continued to play video games and drink mountain dew. Thank god I made a huge Costco run just the night before. Anyways, the gun fire has died out, the TV is nothing but static, and I'm running out of food. My neck beard needs some trimming as well, but my Tesla solar panels can only provide so much juice. Guess I could do it by hand with some scissors. Am I the last one left? Maybe. I power up computer, pull up Firefox and head to reddit. Miraculously, the Internet still works, and thank God, I'd probably join the rest of humanity if it didn't. Ain't too many fresh posts. I head to r/askreddit, finally having enough courage to submit a question. "Hey Reddit, anyone else out there?" Click submit. Wait. The minutes go by. I get an upvote! Amazing, a sign of life. A bit later and someone else leaves a comment! We get to talking, for long minutes. There are dozens of us, scattered around the world. Most people are in the same situation as me. Stocked up with food, just laying low. One guy says everyone was captured and sold into slavery, shipped to mines across the Great Galactic Empire. But they left us behind. Because we were so well hidden? Perhaps. Most likely, because we're all so fat and out of shape. u/Lightly_Saltedd claims she's a girl, but who knows. Everyone is always lying on these things. But hey, maybe we can repopulate the earth. Not me, of course, I'm a virgin and wouldn't know what to do. But somebody else. Who knew. It wasn't the meek who inherited the earth. It was the neckbeards. 