
They called us Stormborn. Found in the ashes, the debris, the aftermath. Rescuers found us not by our cries but by our gifts, they tell us that we didn't cry. We lay silent, wreathed in flames or snow, playing at tidal waves in pools, lightning dancing from our fingertips. It became commonplace for the world, the hopeful masses waiting on the word of a new Stormborn. All the destruction and death, they wanted a life. We were that life. I was born in fire. My sister too. We were the first Stormborn twins. We were a worldwide phenomenon. I even have a stuffed toy of myself, can't go out without being recognized. In our year there were eight Stormborn. Not every disaster gave rise to one and not every Stormborn survived. We all did from our year. Eight of us. Three of fire, two from the ocean, a tornado, a hurricane, a lightning storm, and a mudslide. Eight children of destruction, with abilities that defied belief. I grew up with hundreds of Stormborn, packed into schools where we were meant to learn control, to use our powers properly. Some found it easy, others not so much. My sister came to her powers like a fish to water, or a spark to flame. I did not. I struggled with it. Every fire was a challenge, a mystery, a puzzle that did not want to come together. It took years until I mastered it. That was ten years ago. We aren't cultural phenomena anymore, the stuffies don't sell like they used to. There are triplets out there, that's more exciting. Instead we sit in a helicopter, one of us at each open door, blasting over a raging wildfire that threatens a town of tens of thousands. Evacuations are slow, difficult, we cost less and do it better. We test the edges of the fire, ease it into a safer direction, ease it to the firebreaks that firefighters have created. We do not snuff out fire, we simply ask it to obey. It does. Slowly, thousands of acres of fire turn away from the town, ignoring the wind and listening to us. Two Stormborn, doing something good. "Did you see this?" My sister asks, handing me her phone. I read the headline and raise an eyebrow. David was from our year. Flood powers were his thing. He ended up working at a hydroelectric dam last I heard, powered half the eastern seaboard there. "He's dead?" I ask her through the headset. She nods. "That makes three from our year, twelve from others." I don't like where she's going. I've never liked it. "Doesn't mean anything. We can die too." I say, shrugging and handing the phone back. "Someone's killing Stormborn, little brother." She says, staring out over the forest that we just saved. "Means something to me." I don't subscribe to conspiracies. Or I didn't. Not until three days later. When my sister was killed. They would talk about the fire that burned through an old mining town for months. Turned the sand to glass, they said. Someone was killing Stormborn. And I was going to find out why. 