
Only the desperate and the stupid went into the cities anymore. As my truck gave a final dying chortle and the gas light stared back at me like my car saying *I told you so*, I realized that I had become desperate enough to be stupid. Already, the zombies were swarming. They crawled over fanged window panes, shuffled out of trash-filled alleys, and stepped out of Toyota Priuses. It was like watching a wall of rotting flesh slowly converge upon me. My chest tightened as I realized that I was stuck. After all, San Francisco had been one of the first cities to fall to the zombies. Rumor had it that its convenience stores were still filled with canned goods and water. Even looters were smart enough to stay away from here. I stepped out of my car and reached into my trunk for my trusty pistol. It had saved my life many a times before and now, all it had left to offer me was a single final bullet. I stared at the thing and smiled. I flicked its safety one final time. "You bastards!" I screamed at the encroaching wall of moaning zombies and raised the gun to my temple. "Woah, woah, one second," a voice came from the horde of zombies. I nearly pulled the trigger out of surprise. A talking zombie? There was no way. A man pushed his way through the zombie wall. He had a scraggly beard that looked more like a lion's mane and a gut uncharacteristic of a post-apocalyptic survivor. "How the hell did you do that?" I asked as he yanked his leg out from in between two zombies. He looked up a bit surprised and then found his poise. "Oh, yeah, you don't know. These are vegan zombies." "Vegan zombies?" My brow shot up. "Yeah, let me..." The man pushed his hand into a zombie's mouth. "Watch out!" I turned my gun towards the zombie, my finger itching on the trigger. But to my surprise, the zombie leaned away with a face indicating that it had just smelled hot garbage. "What the hell?" I muttered. "Yeah, we ain't even good enough to eat," the man said, a pang of sadness in his voice. "Most of these guys are here to shame you about driving gas-guzzling truck." My eyes flitted to the crowd and sure-enough, zombies had stopped and were now pointing at me, bellowing vowels. But they didn't need consonants for me to understand them. I could see it from their faces. *I bet that gets only 20 miles to the gallon.* *Don't you care about our environment?* *Wow, a Ford 150 truck? Why do you go back to hick country where zombies actually eat humans?* "Oh fuck you too," I snapped back at them. Trying to brutally rip me apart and eat my guts was one thing, but now these zombies were going to judge me? "Like you know the shit I've been through!" The closest zombie to me simply grabbed its waist and shook its head. "Why don't you try finding a more eco-friendly vehicle in a god damn zombie apocalypse?" And just as the words left my mouth, I realized that there was a hundred Toyota Priuses all lined up down the street. The zombies simply rolled their eyes. They turned around and started walking off. "Wait, where are you going?" I called after them. "What, now you're going to give me the cold shoulder? Hey! Don't you turn your back on me." But it was no use. They simply shuffled back into their alleys, crawled back over broken glass, and got back inside their Toyota Priuses, leaving only me and the fat survivor left in the streets. "So, you want to meet the other survivors?" the man asked. "We have an entire community here. It's safe. There's food and water, we even have electricity." I looked back at him, surprised he was still here. "Um... I'm good," I said. "I'm probably just going to get some gas and get back to the country." At the word *gas* a single zombie stepped out of his Prius to gawk at me. My gun went up and I pulled the trigger. My final bullet exploded his head and he slumped into a mound of decomposed flesh on hot concrete. That was all the ammo I had left, the final mercy I had given myself if things had gotten too bad. But fuck that zombie. --- --- /r/jraywang for 5+ stories weekly and a hundred already written! 