
"And that's about it," the angel said. I held my hands out in a 'duh'. "What the shit?" I asked. "How does *anyone* choose death?" The angel looked at me in the way my mom used to do. "The cost..." "I heard the cost. It's fucking *awesome!*" With the gentle breeze - scented with incense - of its flapping wings, the angel descended to the ground that glowed beneath it. "How can you possibly think that?" I gripped my head excitedly with both hands. "I'll become a *monster*? A two-hundred foot tall scaly monster with fire breath? Seriously? *Fire breath*? I'm going to breathe fire?" He took a step towards me, holding his hands out in the manner of one who wanted a hug he wasn't going to fucking get. "To become a beast is -" "Oh, shit. Can I go to LA?" Tucking his wings behind him, he tilted his head to one side. "Well... there are no restrictions on where you go. The point is that to become a monster - a beast denied by God Himself - is the greatest -" "Can I lay eggs?" "Eggs?" He spluttered. "You want to lay eggs?" I considered the metaphysical aspects of his question. "Well," I said. "I guess I don't *want* to lay eggs. I mean, I've seen how fucking wide they are, you know? They're just pretty necessary to the process, you know?" "The process?" The angel said. "Dude," I said, slowing my speech to the level of one who *really* needed to understand the severity of the situation. "Get with the program. What's the point of being a monster if you're not going to destroy everything?" His glow started to fade. "You're going to destroy everything?" I let this stupid question hang for a moment. "Listen to yourself!" I said. "What the shit? Why is this... what the hell? Of *course* I'm going to destroy everything. What's the point in being a hundred foot monster if you're not going to - look... is there someone else I can talk to? Do you have a manager or something?" "A manager?" "Someone who... man, I kind of feel like you're trying to pull the rug out from under me, here. I mean, seriously. I'm going to be *busy*, you know. I don't need a fuckin' nay-sayer behind me giving me this shit. I've got a mission." He stepped towards me again. "To destroy?" "Yes, to destroy! What good is a - fuck, man. I don't think you've got this. Do you even know what monsters are for?" "To lay eggs?" I clapped my hands. "Yes! I'm gonna lay so many fucking eggs. I'm going to lay those eggs *all over* this city. My eggs are going to be Starbucks, man. I'll have eggs in so many places you'll wonder why there are buildings in the places that you'd have expected eggs. It's gonna be like, Starbucks, egg, McDonalds, egg, Dunkin' Donuts, egg. Egg, egg, egg. You're going to rename this place Egg City. I'll have a car in every garage and an egg in every... what?" "I've never had this conversation before," he said. "About the... eggs. So many eggs." I smiled. "Well, buckle up, motherfucker," I said. "It's eggs all the way down." 