
I watch them for a while - these tiny, pixelated people, in their perplexing, simulated world. Cloud like thought bubbles pop up over their heads: hearts, money, houses, cars, and, for a single moment, I think I see a bubble with the name "*Dan,*" inside it. But I look again and it's gone. There are more of them, too - the people - than when I went to bed. *There shouldn't be*. There was a limit, and they've somehow *massively* exceeded it. The "humans" folder is at least two thousand times the size it was last night. I didn't create fast food joints, or the huge tower blocks that poke up and slice into the sky. *How could they be there?* As I scan the map, I realise the inhabitants have expanded from the continent I placed them on. They've somehow crossed a great sea. I scroll around the edges of the land, finding dozens of harbours and fishing boats and oil rigs. *What the hell is going on?* I begin to find numerous churches. I zoom in on one and see tiny writing on a sign outside of it: 'The church of Dan.' Had the simulation somehow accessed my computer and gotten my name from it? I click on one of the people and drag her up off the ground. "What are you?" I whisper to the screen. An open-mouthed emoji pops up in her thought bubble. I hadn't given them the choice of that reaction... I let go of the button and she falls to the ground in a pool of pixeled reds. Other simulated citizens begin to gather around her un-moving body. "Dan," pops into some of their thought bubbles, as well as pictures of two hands pressed together in prayer. One of them has an an angry emoji above him, and he looks up at the sky - toward me, almost. The man's thoughts seem to be contagious, and soon the entire crowd is looking up at me, angry and sad and confused. Then, they look down, and their thoughts begin to change to oil and matches and churches. They march through the town, and as they do so, citizens that walk past them become infected. The crowd swells in numbers as it approaches the church. A handful of worshipers are pulled out of the building by the crowd, and thrown to the floor, tear emojis hovering over them. The structure bursts into tongues of flickering flame, and the crowd outside cheers. I zoom out and soon see other churches nearby become engulfed by fire. A shiver runs down my spine - this doesn't feel right. I bring up the console. > exit The game doesn't close instantly. Instead, the screen grows slowly dark. Thunderclouds hover over cities, and lightning turns buildings into brick torches. Some citizens head to the remaining churches, but most run aimlessly into the streets with thoughts of "Dan" and "Help!" and "Forgivness" hovering over their heads. Debris tumbles down onto them. Fire rains from the sky, until the world is ash, and eventually, the screen goes black. I let out a long sigh of relief and push my chair away from the computer. I check the time. I haven't missed it yet, but I'll have to get moving. As I leave my house I take in a lung-full of fresh air and look up at overcast the sky. I try to imagine a giant hand tumbling down from space and grabbing hold of me. I laugh at the ridiculous image. A few minutes later, I walk into the Church of Clive and begin my prayers. --- more stories over on the church of nick sub: /r/nickofnight 