
I stared at the bald, fat man, entirely dumbfounded by the words he'd chewed up with some steak and spat out at me. "I'm sorry, sir, are you-" "Yes, idiot, I'm firing you. I don't much like the looks you give me during meetings, or your arrogant attitude. Your work is fine, but one rude employee breeds many more." Rude? I hardly considered pointing out the flaws in his business plan rude, it was free help from a successful billionaire, if anything, but bit my tongue. "I implore you to reconsider, sir. You're losing a valuable asset." He bellowed a laugh, spitting little chunks of steak and parsley onto the table. "See, this is the problem with you fools. You think that, for some reason, there aren't ten million other '*middle class*' workers to take your place. Now please, leave before I lose my appetite." I smiled. "I think that would be about as easy to lose as a mountain in your backyard." He grumbled something through his lunch, but I'd already made my way out the door. It only took a few minutes to pack, since I never bothered to flaunt wealth in the office, and I stood at the entrance before leaving. I glanced across the mundane grey cubicles, like cookie-cutter housing in a suburb, frantic people running in and out of them. A few potted plants and cheap painting prints popped out against the grey, which only served to highlight its gloominess rather than distract from it. *Motherfucker calls me arrogant? Bitch, I make more money than you could stuff into that blimp of a body you ride around in. I worked in this shit office, watching you destroy it, with only a few comments here and there to help, and you never even knew who I was.* It was a hideous office, no doubt. Absolutely atrocious, and a blatant statement by Buchanan that he didn't give a single shit about the workplace he created for his employees. Well. They're only *his* employees for now. On the path to my car, I called my secretary. "Helen? Yes. I need you to order a few things for me. Call Henry and tell him to hold an impromptu expo in two days. Call it 'Tech Expo 2019' or some shit, I don't care, but it needs to be hyped. Rumor needs to spread very quickly that the biggest names will be there, even if they won't be. Use contacts as necessary to fake the info. We'll need catering for it, preferably foods with honey like balaclava or whatever the fuck it's called, shit like that. "And bees. A lot of bees." *Not only am I buying your company, asshole, but I'm getting a fucking discount.* ----- Parts two and three below! Final part [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/resonatingfury/comments/axb70y/the_billionaire_beekeper_final_part/)! */r/resonatingfury* 