
Something wasn't right with Jeremy. His coworkers could not place it exactly, perhaps it was Jeremy's sudden disregard for project timetables, or his newfound passion for hand crafted porcelain dolls, but something about Jeremy just wasn't right. Three days ago Jeremy was the last one out of the office, as usual. The night janitor reported seeing Jeremy at work behind his desk at 2A.M, and by 6A.M., when the morning staff arrived, Jeremy was gone. Two full days passed and Jeremy didn't come to work. Jeremy - the same Jeremy who called his sales team "a bunch of type F fucktards" when they fell $10,000 short of their $25,000,000 stretch goal. The same Jeremy who was famous for firing people who didn't work overtime with him during Christmas. That same Jeremy just disappeared, without so much as a word. Someone went to his house on the second day, but Jeremy didn't answer the phone or the buzzer. An unofficial office agreement was made to call the police if Jeremy wasn't back by day three. But then Jeremy returned - only different. He arrived, looking incredibly well rested and in amazing spirits - at *noon*. Jeremy arrived at noon. In some respects, this was more frightening than Jeremy missing for two days. The alien abduction theories started immediately. That wasn't the only strangeness. Jeremy wasn't wearing a suit. No one had *ever* seen Jeremy in anything but a suit. In 2016, Jeremy got viral meningitis, and had to be taken from the office straight to a hospital. Apparently he paid off the staff, because there Jeremy was in his hospital bed, recuperating in a wool three piece, his trading laptops open side by side on his legs. When Jeremy returned to the office, to everyone's astonishment, he was wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt. Jeremy fired a staffer once because he wore loafers. As that first day back progressed, Jeremy defied all expectations for non-Jeremy-like behavior. He ordered donuts for the staff. He walked around from cubicle to cubicle, asking peoples names, seeing "how they were doin." When Jeremy saw the company was trading in the negative for the week, he flouted his normal excoriating explosion of profanity and just said, "next week's coming right up," real cheerfully, and walked into his office. Everyone was worried about Jeremy's mental health - maybe he even had a stroke - so they sent someone from HR to speak with him. The story was that Jeremy told the HR rep a whole, convoluted tale about a long and vivid dream he'd had, and how it had "changed his perspective." But everyone who heard the rumor immediately dismissed it. "It was definitely a stroke," they'd invariably say. It's been a month now since Jeremy returned. Fridays were casual, the staff was in good spirits, and actual productivity was way up. The whole vibe of the office was different - better, really, in every respect. Everybody in the office was happy with the new status quo. They loved their jobs, enjoyed their work, and really, genuinely liked their new boss. But every single person in that office building knew, without a shadow of a doubt, that something seriously wasn't right with Jeremy. ****** ##### For More Legends From The Multiverse ##### r/LFTM 