
"I'm serious," Bernard says, as he slams his fist down on his desk. The contents of his mug of coffee (the one with the slogan 'hard work beats talent' printed on its side) tremble. It's long since cold. "I want them *yesterday!*" His face is a red, contorted display of anger. "I know you're serious," I say, raising my hands but not my voice. I've learned, over the last few years, that it's always best to remain calm, even when Bernard is not. "Then why the hell isn't it done? Honestly, why did they even hire you?" He almost spits out the words, his disdain like poison. It's not a blow to me -- it's a stab to my heart. There was a time when he appreciated me. When my hard work mattered to him -- because God knows, I didn't have the talent some of the paper's other employees had. It's never enough now. Or rather, it is for a little while. "I've already written it," I tell him. "I've interviewed the victims, I've spoken to a government official -- who of course, says it wasn't their fault. Building regulations were older than their entire party. I took a gonzo approach, and showed a day in the life of a currently ho--" "**Don't lie to me!**" I see the spittle dribbling out of the corners of his mouth, like a frothing dog that's not safe to keep alive. "I'm *not* lying. I never lie to you." "It's impossible," he says. "It only happened hours ago! So how the fuck could you have--" "Check the computer," I say. "It's filed under today's date." He looks at his monitor for a moment, then back at me, "I-- I want a hard-copy. I want to proofread it with a pen. The old fashioned way." I walk over to the filing cabinet on the left side of the room and begin rifling through a drawer. "What are you doing?" "Finding the hard copy I printed out." "Don't be ridiculous! This really is the last stra--" I take the stack of papers and place them delicately onto his desk, avoiding the drops of coffee. He looks at me without saying a word, but I can see the confusion spreading over him. Eventually, he picks up the papers, tapping them against the desk to even them out. Bernard reads as quickly as ever, skimming over the words. It's the one constant. "I've..." he begins, his voice much softer now. "I've already edited them. That's my Biro. My hand writing." I nod. "Yes. And I've made the changes for you -- it's all ready to go. But that copy is on your computer. Would you like me to bring it up on the screen?" His mouth is open and he's just staring at the thin pile of paper. "That... that won't be necessary. It was already very good. Good enough to publish." I nod. "I'll make sure we run with them, dad." He glances up at me. I see his throat undulate as he swallows. "*Daniel?*" he whispers, removing his glasses. I blink back the wetness in my eyes. It's not often he says my name anymore. Not often there's a hint of recognition in those bloodshot eyes. My face breaks into a bitter-sweet grin. "Yeah, pops. It's Daniel." His hands are trembling as he places down the paper. "What's wrong with me?" "Your memory. It's..." "Should I be somewhere? Somewhere else, I mean." He lowers his voice, embarrassed, "A... a *home*?" "I don't think you want to be, dad." He shakes his head. His grey moustache looks limp and sad beneath his nose. "No, I don't want to be. Don't make me. *Please.*" I walk over to his chair, lean down, and press my lips against his forehead. "It's going to be okay dad, I promise." 