
Genie sat on a moss-covered log, deep in the forest, where only the most daring rays of light speared their way through the canopy. He hunched over, his chin in his hand, and kicked aimlessly at the leafy ground next to his recently uncovered lamp. To be buried by a king a thousand years ago, only to be dug up by a dog looking for a bone. "How the mighty have fallen," he grumbled to his audience of insects. An ant looked up at him, twitched its antennae gleefully, then returned to its task of dissecting an autumn leaf. Ants would have wishes, he considered. They were always busy, and often fighting. Wishes could do a lot for one of them. If only he'd been woken by an ant. The dog - Ralph, as his silver collar had proudly announced, had found him months ago and was still yet to make a single wish. The day the mutt had uncovered his lamp had been a double indignity for Genie - not only did he now have to serve a very hairy, very smelly, idiot (not that he hadn't done so a few times before, just this one was a dog), but his lamp had been thoroughly soaked *before* he'd been able to pop up out of it. And what did this dumb dog wish for, from an all powerful genie? An ocean of bones? Or perhaps no more cats? A bit less weight around his belly, maybe? No. This dog wished for nothing. At all. He was quite happy to come to Genie everyday, yap happily yet nonsensically for an hour, drop a stick down in front of Genie, chase his own tail (then Genie's) before calling it a day and trotting off through the woods back to his home. He never took the lamp with him. And he never, ever, wished. But now, as Genie sat on the mossy log, he began to wonder where Ralph was. It had been three days since he'd last seen the dog, and Ralph usually came to annoy him every single day. It wasn't that he missed the dog or anything... He just wanted to get these wishes over with so that he could climb back inside his lamp and get a century or so of shut-eye. He had his own wish waiting, of course, and he *could* use that to just get rid of the dog. But Genies only had the one wish, and like every other Genie, he was saving his for when he had had enough. Enough of granting wishes. Enough of being a genie. Then, and only then, he would wish for his freedom, however that came. So, as much as he wanted to wish Ralph away, he simply couldn't. Genie leaned down and picked up a twig. He held it high above his head and threw it forward. There was no sudden gush. No excited crackling of leaves as a creature bolted after it, only - for no apparent reason - to bring it right back to him. Genie lazily grabbed at his tail. No - he didn't have a tail. Just a blue wispy trail of smoke that wasn't in the least bit entertaining to anyone. Except to Ralph. Another hour passed. The sunlight began to giveway to darkness. Where the hell was Ralph? This wasn't like him at all. He anxiously steepled his fingers together as he considered something... He couldn't, though. Could he? It would be against the rules to leave his lamp and go looking... And if the boss found out... He let out a cry of frustration. "Gods be damned," Genie said, snapping his fingers and vanishing in a puff of smoke. -- Ralph lay by the side of a road. Cars zoomed past, their lights skimming over the frail body, over the stained coat, red and sticky. Why had no one stopped to help him? Genie pressed a hand against Ralph's ribs. Three were broken and there were worse injuries, besides. The dog's eyes slowly opened, a layer of translucent gunk stretching over them. Ralph tried to raise his head to look at genie, but it was too heavy and fell back against the ground. Genie floated around to make it easier for Ralph to see him. The dog responded with the faintest yap. "It's okay, boy," Genie said, rubbing the dog's head every so lightly. " I'm here. I can get you all fixed up now. All I need you do to is to wish for it. Understand?" Ralph didn't move. "Come on you dumb dog! Wish to be okay. Is that so hard?" Ralph's eyes closed. His chest began to slow. Genie took a deep breath. "Please?" he begged. "Make the wish." Nothing. Genie closed his damp eyes. He made his own wish. --- Thank you person who gilded this :) 