
Yes, I am tired of greedy heroes ravaging the land and perpetuating some sort of discrimination. I can't exactly put a finger on it, and dare not to for it is unfair to judge all heroes equally, but to put it bluntly I see their "heroics" as exactly that. So long as you're not human, elf or dwarf, so long as you don't have two legs and intelligence - again, by human standards - you are fair game for these adventurers, acting as if the whole world revolves around them. And still they complain that my gear is too expensive, that I am robbing them. They expect the Shopkeeper's Guild to grovel before them as though they are the source of our livelihood. Did they not know that the Royal Army pays me even better to train their swordsmiths and fletchers? Do they not know that people like me are the experts on the use of these arms? No, to them it's all just glory and fame. The better ones have a few drops of honour mixed in there, but they are few and far between. Of course, when I became an arms dealer for the Orcs, I soon realised why they were no better. In fighting us, they slowly took on our worse traits, while almost never taking on what made me proud to be human. They rarely considered magic, and only one in a thousand ever thought of healing magic. The vast majority merely wanted something to club or slice their opponents with, and it's clear they were brought up from a young age to fight. I can't blame them, for we have been at war for eternity, but I just wonder if they had ever considered anything else other than keeping me in business. The dragon isn't much better. She is the source of a lot of my raw materials; the common scrap metal for rank-and-file soldiers and newbie adventurers, and she will very rarely lend me one scale for the rarer stuff. But she hoards such a huge fortune sitting around in a dank grotto doing nothing! If I understood dragons, I'd say she even gets some enjoyment out of killing knight after adventurer after hero. And as much as these guys can be arrogant, they're still sons, fathers, brothers, loyal subjects at their core. So why do I continue upon my path? Last year I met the love of my life. She's no princess, but she might as well be; refined as much as a commoner can be, and caring towards our son. And I can't deny that I am indeed perpetuating the conflict even more by selling arms, but let's talk about the principles later; I have a family to feed, just as these feuding parties have egos to stoke. And there is but one rule I need to follow, to allow the rest of the market to be fair game: I must never see the business end of my merchandise pointed towards me. Only towards others. 