
Bill was having a beer with Al Capone, Shakespeare, Genghis Khan and the first dog to go to space when he broke down in tears. "What's wrong?" Al Capone asked, behind a foam mustache from his pint. "He gets like that when he drinks," Socrates, who had just joined them, said. "I've seen it before." "Remind me again," Genghis Khan interrupted, "who the hell is this guy?" Bill just cried. They were at one of the space colonies, at the local tavern. The people around them - the real, live people - couldn't see them. "He's no one," Jack the Ripper added, taking a seat by Bill. "Not famous. So... did we start the meeting yet?" "Every ghost here is famous," Khan said. "No one survives thousands of years if they didn't do something big." "True that," said Da Vinci, from the corner of the bar, by Cleopatra's side. "Well, Bill's just Bill," Jack the Ripper said. "Isn't that right, Bill?" From his place at the edge of the table, Bill just cried. It was the annual 'Ghosts Over 1,000 Years Old meetup'. "What's wrong with him, then?" Jesse James asked, from the counter, his lips around a Pan Galactic Gargle Blaster. "Why is he crying?" Shakespeare nodded towards the end of the tavern, at a faraway table by the window opening to the dotted blackness of the galaxy spinning just outside. "Them. He's crying because of them." A young couple sat there. "Who are those?" "*That* is Artemis, she's a living girl, you know, from the current time," Shakespeare said. "And the one across from her is... I don't know, her date, I guess." The others watched. The girl - Artemis - chatted lively with a handsome man in military outfit. One of the colony's captains, probably. Young, but very tall. At the mention of Artemis' name, Bill cried harder. "And, what?" Genghis Khan said, "is he like into her or something?" "Dude, he's a ghost," Michelangelo added. "Of course he's not into her." "Sorry I'm late guys, I thought you said Colony 19, not 29," Theodore Roosevelt had just arrived. He took a seat by Homer's side. "So... what are we talking about this month? Oh... who's this?" "It's Bill. Apparently." Genghis Khan shrugged. "He didn't conquer any land or cured any illness. I don't get it either." "Okay... Bill never attends these meetings, guys," Shakespeare said. "Because he's not like us. He's the only ghost that's lived over a thousand years without being famous. He doesn't feel at home. And... well, he's always afraid that... *this* will happen." He nodded towards the girl Artemis again. "That he'll run into her." "Will someone explain to me who the fuck that girl is, please!?" Gandhi, who always got like this after a few drinks, uttered, slamming the table. He burped. "Artemis is the great-great-great," Jack the Ripper paused for breath... "great-great... add several more greats there... granddaughter of a French girl named Celine." At the mention of this name, Bill hid his face between his hands and sniffed loudly. "Celine was Bill's summer love in high school, like, a LOT of years ago," Shakespeare added, his voice wrapped around something like envy... like he wished he'd himself have written the love story they were telling Khan. "And things didn't really work out between them," Socrates said. "Celine had to move back to France, she was staying in the USA for the summer only." "What the fuck is a USA?" Genghis asked. "Okay, I take offense in that," Christopher Columbus said, returning from the bathroom and pulling up a chair. "I told you about the New World already like a thousand times, Genghis." "The point is..." Shakespeare continued, "Bill was never happy again. Couldn't get married. Could never find a girl like Celine. She was... the one." "Celine, however, did find a man back in Paris and started a family. You know, eventually." "But apparently she never forgot Bill either..." "Because she'd tell the story of her American summer love to her daughter every night..." "... who thought the story was so beautiful she told it to *her* daughter..." "... and so on and so forth..." "... for fifteen thousand years..." "... and hence why Bill can't die. The story is still going strong." Silence took over the table. On the corner, they could see Artemis leaning forward, telling something to her date. A story, perhaps. "And the sad part is," Shakespeare said, in a low voice, "that since Bill never had a family..." "... he had no one to tell the story to..." "... and so Celine isn't alive anymore..." "... because you have to be remembered by someone other than your family, naturally, otherwise the world would be crawling with anonymous ghosts..." "... so because he loved her so much that he could never find anyone else..." "... and because their love story was so beautiful that it survived 15,000 years in Celine's family..." Bill burped... "... Bill's getting drunk now," Genghis Khan finished, understand at last. "Holy shit. That's heavy." Bill got up. He cleaned his eyes. "I gotta pee," he said, slowly. In her corner, Laika barked sadly and in Russian. Bill dragged himself towards the bathroom. The ghost table watched him go, in silence. By the window, Artemis' date was saying, "Wow, that's such a beautiful story..." Genghis would deny it later, but Michelangelo, who was sitting nearby, swear he heard an emotive sniff. ________ *For more stories where I subtly imply that Shakespeare would be envious of my writing skills, check out /r/psycho_alpaca =)* 