
Oh Christ, my head is killing me. I can't even remember who won, I think we were both under the table by the end. Alright think, think. I need water and carbs and some protein. What the hell? This isn't my apartment. But I don't think I got lucky last night. This actually doesn't really look like an apartment, for one thing I was sleeping on the ground, and there's these strange pyramids all around the room. Oh fuck my head, getting up is not easy. It's starting to look like a warehouse of some kind, some of the pyramids are open at the top and contain what seems like plastic geometric shapes. I can't decide if this is better or worse than waking up at the sheriff's. There's an exit nearby, I walk through and find myself in a hallway. I hear some sort of skittering in the distance, the halls are weirdly spherical and the- Jesus fucking Christ! An eyestalk, appears from a nearby corridor, and quickly disappears. The sound of something running off in the distance. Am I hallucinating? What happened last night? Ugh, my mother is going to give me shit for not going with her to church. "Hey, anyone who works here, where's the exit?" As I finish the pounding in my head increases. And I start to feel a little, oh crap it's coming up. Heaving does not feel good, especially with a hangover, especially when your vomit starts melting the floor. I wasn't as concerned as I probably should have been, I assumed I was just tripping. And I had rewatched Alien the other day. Still, I got no response so I kept walking and walking and walking I could swear I was walking in circles, despite going in a straight line. I could still hear skittering. I was beginning to get pretty freaked out, to say the least. I swear I could hear chirping too, faint; and it cut off everytime I tried to get a good listen to it. I probably should have had a plan of some sort to get out of the building, but again my state wasn't amazing, hungover and tripping isn't a great combination. I then discovered something more valuable than gold, an attached Burger King! I was starving and craving caffeine. I barged in intent on ordering the biggest goddamn hamburger the world has ever seen. It was empty, 100% devoid of people. And clean. The only feature was a juicy burger and cup of coffee. It was weird as fuck but I goddamnit I needed something in my system. The burger was good, but strange. I'm not confident the meat was beef. The coffee was average, and I could feel myself recovering from the hangover, the pounding receding. One thing that worried me was the paralysis rapidly sweeping across my body. I didn't seem to care though. I felt good, amazing even. The warmth spreading in my body contrasted with the cold metal machine which was lifting me up to the clouds. I think I blacked out at that point. The next thing I remember was waking up in a gutter on Steele street. I somehow managed to black out an entire fucking month. Man, I kinda miss that burger though 