
As the elevator opened, the little imp beside me let out a wailing screech. "Bottom floor, VIP access and throne room." I proceeded through the doors to look around. Hordes of demons and people swimming in the lake of fire began to look in my direction and started clapping and cheering. "Long live the king!" I took in the sights before me. Flames and brimstone were going up the walls, and pillars of lava were flowing down from the ceiling. People in cages would be plunged into magma to have their flesh burn off. The flesh would then regenerate so they could be lit ablaze again. "What the Hell..." Another imp came up to my side, "That's correct sir, welcome to your domain, the lowest level of Hell. I am your personal secretary, Melchom. I have your agenda right here for the day sir." "My agenda, I don't even know what I'm doing here! Did I die?" Melchom looked at me with a smirk. "That right there shows why you are the best sir. Didn't even know you were transported here. Truely number one sir, truly. Anyways, for today, I have you-" I cut him off. "No! Really, What the Hell am I doing in... well, Hell?" Melchom was beginning to get impatient. "If you would just let me finish, the only thing you have to do today is the 'passing of the unholy flame' ceremony. You can meet the previous head honcho, and get all your answers from him... probably. After that, you have free reign to do whatever you want. Well, until I get tomorrow's agenda all set for you. Capisce?" I nodded, not really understanding the situation I was really in. Melchom led me to the stone throne. A figure was sitting on it, smirking. He was strangely radiant for such a place as Hell. He resembled an angel, however, one of his wings was singed black, and a single horn was growing out of the left side of his forehead. "You have arrived. I've been waiting for this day, but I bet it felt like an eternity for you, with your 'busy' lifestyle up above." He kind of giggled at this statement. It was strange to see Satan giggling. "Umm, how should I address you? Sir?" Satan laughed. "No, no. If anything, I should be calling you master, and you may call me the servant. Haven't you heard? We will be performing the ceremony of the unholy flame. You will be the new leader of Hell soon." I shook my head. "I don't understand. Why? I didn't even know I died, and I didn't do anything to my knowledge to consider me 'evil'." Satan's laughter was now getting out of control. The magma around him was beginning to pulsate and shift in sync to his laughs. "You slay me! This is a prime reason why you have been selected. You don't even know what you did!" He slowly regained his composure, and the flames began to die down again. "Listen... Sometimes it is what you *didn't* do that earns you a ticket to Hell. And let's just say, you are a master of being slothful. Do you know what you were *supposed* to accomplish in your life?" I shook my head but didn't like where this was going. "It was supposed to start with you feeding a homeless man, and inviting him to lunch. He would tell you of troubles on the streets, which would inspire you to start a homeless shelter. From there, you would start an organization that focused on raising money and distributing food to the poor. It would also teach others how to grow and prepare food for themselves. Eventually, this organization would go on to end world hunger, you would win a Nobel Peace Prize, and be regarded as a world hero. It gets better, though... You would also have a son, who would become a well-renowned doctor and cure many diseases that I have long plagued the world with." I began to bite my lower lip... I knew what he was going to say next, and it terrified me. **"But you did NOTHING!!"** The demons around us plunged themselves into the lake of fire out of fear. "You never left your house, you never met the homeless man. Hell, you never even met your future wife so you never had your future son! You were slothful to the very end! All of these lives will be lost, because of you!" My knees gave out below me. I no longer had the strength to stand, let alone look at him. "Congratulations... You were so lazy, you didn't even get up off your own butt to feed yourself. You died a lowly death of starvation when you had food in the fridge less than twenty feet away from the spot you died." He threw his scepter down, and it clanged against the bedrock in front of me. "You have gone from absolutely nothing to being the ruler of Hell. Let's watch and see how long it takes you to burn this place to the ground... I give it less than a week." Satan left me there, and he proceeded down the stairs that led to the throne. As he headed down, he muttered, "I needed a vacation." He then waded out into the lake of fire, and sat down, allowing the flames to lap against his body. 