
No no no... not this again... please god... not this. My wide eyes darted around the room. It was just like I remembered it-- everything from the posters, decorations on the walls, to the cozy reading nook in the back of the room. Where the pillows always that big? At the sound of a familiar voice, my attention turned to the front of the room. Mrs. Sanderson? My stomach dropped as I saw the date written in the top right corner of the board. October 31. My throat tightened and I failed miserably at choking back a sob. Mrs. Sanderson stopped and looking at me with concern. "Allie? Is everything alright?" Tears were flowing freely I'm now, I couldn't breath. Not this again... please god... not this. She walked over to my desk, the eyes of my peers following. I looked around at each of them. The last time I saw Emily, she had three bullets in her chest. The last time I saw James, he was choking on his own blood. The last time I saw Deven, he was crawling across the floor trying to hide. The trail of blood from his dragging leg was big enough for me-- even as a 6th grader-- to know it wasn't going to be ok. "Allie?" Mrs. Sanderson's pulled my attention back to her face. "Come on sweetie, let's go out to the hallway." My entire body was shaking, I was fully sobbing now. I had finally moved past this-- I can't relive this. I can't handle this. The door to the classroom clicked shut, she crouched down, hands on my shoulders. "What's going on?" I looked into her eyes, concern etched into every line of her face. "Someone's going to come here today." The concern on her face mixed with new confusion. "Someone with guns... he's going to kill us." I choked on every breath and sob, fighting to get the words out. "How do you know?" She was panicking, but trying to stay calm for my sake. "Allie... where did you hear this?" I couldn't manage anything else, I dropped to my knees and cried harder than I ever had before. Mrs. Sanderson gave me a last look and took off down the hall. The main office was around the corner, by the entrance of the school. I looked away as her hair flashed around the corner. Was it enough? Was there time to stop this? Shots rang out from the direction she ran off to, the sound thundering down the halls. Please God... not this again... anything but this. 