
"Touch that switch and I pull the trigger." I softly said as I pulled the slide back on my gun. Austin froze unable to take his hand off the switch and afraid to accidentally turn it on. "Wh..who are you?" his voice said trembling "Who I am is not important. Why I'm here is. You sir are obviously not a good person, otherwise I wouldn't be here. I've been hired to kill you." "What are you talking about I'm an upstand" "Shut up, I don't need to hear your bullshit. I know who you are, what you've done behind closed doors. What you've done with to your wife. I even know about your business trip to Thailand and your many adventures there. So don't bore me with your upstanding citizen, deacon of the church, great father crap. I wouldn't be here if I didn't do my due diligence in this matter. And even though you are the scum of this earth. I willing to cut a deal." Even in the dark I could see the terror in his eyes. Replaying the nights he cheated on his wife while she was getting cancer treatment. The doctor visit after his "business" trip to Thailand where he found out he caught something there. And I'm sure he was trying to figure out who it was that wanted him dead. "Whatever the amount I'll pay it. I've got money hidden in multiple bank accounts. Name your price." "Now let's s take a step back real quick. 2 seconds ago you were trying to tell me that you were a good person. Now your willing to pay for your life. It always amazes me how quickly some people turn into their true selves when I show up. You did it faster than most. But what I want comes in 2 parts. Number one, there is a computer on the table next to you. Open it slowly and transfer all the money from your accounts to mine." Slowly he opened the laptop. The keys echoed loudly in the quiet, dark room. I watched as all the money was transferred. "Done" he barked "Now what? "If you didn't noticed I left one account open for you, the one you tell your wife is the only spending money you have. $5193.67 is still in there. That is yours if you make the next correct decision." "Whatever it is, fine." His voice getting more impatient "I just want this over with so you can get out of my house before my wife and kids get home." "Well since you said that, I'm not going anywhere, you are. Here's the second part. Take the money I've left you and leave. Find somewhere new and start over. I'll make it look like you died and you never come back." "If you think you can make me leave my wife, you're insane. I'm not going anywhere." "Let's think about this logically for a second. I'm giving you a chance to start over. For you to repent for your sins against your family and community. You will leave here and can be a better person. Find a new partner that you don't have to pretend with. Start a life that is free of guilt, free of lies, free of the person you were 5 minutes ago. You can be the person you always wanted to be. Or I can put a bullet in your head and make it look like you did?" I grinned a little as I waved the gun gently in the moonlight of the window behind me. "You can't be serious, my wife and kids won't be able to survive without me." "They will be better off, I'm sure you know that." Years of being a therapist helped me explain to him the pain he had put his family through. How the lies he told were killing him inside. Why not only his family but He would be better from this day forth. As the realization set in, he began to cry. He dropped to his knees holding his head in his hands. "I'll go." He gently cried out I began to lay out his next steps. How he would get out of the country, what to take, and where he should start. I gave him the envelope with his new identity. And sent him on his way. I watched from the window as he drove away. "You can come out now." I yelled upstairs "Is it really over?" She asked slowly coming down the stairs. "Yes, this is our life now." I turned dropping the toy gun to the floor and embracing my future wife 