
"You can't wear that," Inorai said, and her eyes narrowed in disapproval. I looked at my dress and wedges and then back at my assistant. She shook her head, her eyes now focusing on the digital clipboard. I'd hired her as soon as I found out that... well, I was an *empress*. I let out a giggle. That word still sounded too funny. "I'm not doing it." She looked up, her dark eyes as stern as the ginger hair knot on her head was tight. "What do you mean? You have to." "As the ruler of this galaxy, I have no obligations other than-" "Okay listen, Blaire, you know that's not true. You have more obligations now than ever. You need to talk to your people. You need to establish trust. And nobody's going to trust an empress who dresses like a cheap Molarian." "You're fired," I said, pouting. "Right now, I'm your best friend, and I have years of experience in..." She kept talking, but I zoned out and paced over to the balcony. Below, the evergreens shot up over the oily black solar panels of the city. The long ponds mirrored the pale blue sky before cascading down to the next level of Azure Dome. From up here, you couldn't even see the lowest levels of the capital, and the sewers where I'd grown up. It was strange to me how well the suffering was hidden. One could probably live out their entire life here without ever even having to think about the scum. "...and besides, you're the one who has to lead now. It's not like you can just shrug off all the responsibilities. Are you even listening?" Inorai threw up her hands in frustration. "Fine, I'll do it," I said and dropped the dress that she had referred to as 'cheap,' even though it cost more than a year's salary on my previous job. She gasped and politely covered her eyes to my sudden nudity. I imagined her to hold the same pose with her hand shielding her eyes when she was forced to visit parts of the city below level three. Disgusted, I started wriggling into the skintight outfit of polytryazic silver. It wasn't right that there were clothes more expensive than cities. "You're actually going to?" she said after a while. "Yes, I told you." "Right, great! I, uh, okay. A couple of things about manners and the way you carry yourself in public from now on..." she droned on. I sighed and started putting the strange ribbon crown into my hair. She'd wanted me to hire professional fashionistas and makeup artists, but really, somewhere you had to draw the line. I took a look in the mirror. The crown looked like the ribbon on a present wrapping and doodled in strings of mercury down my black hair. I made an ugly grimace at my reflection who didn't seem very pleased at seeing me either. "What's our closest galaxy?" I said. "That would be The Milky Way." "Who lives there?" "You have to know that." She gave me a look of disapproval. "That's where we once came from." "Right, I was just kidding," I lied. She rolled her eyes. "Are you ready for the broadcast?" "Yes..." She handed me the tablet, and it showed a hand imprint. I placed my palm on it and felt a sting on the tip of my index finger as it scanned my print and took my DNA key. A counter on the screen started ticking down. When it hit zero a tiny replica of me rose out of the screen, and a box with red neon letters said 'Live Broadcast.' "Greetings, citizens of Andromeda," I said, pulling my voice into a haughty tone. "I am speaking to you for the first time as your Empress." I let my words hang in the air for a while for effect, just as I've practiced. "We are different people on different worlds with different religions and culture, but we share one thing. Every child no matter of social status has been taught that we, the Andromedians, are the greatest. We know this. It's in our bones and blood - in our souls. That's what I was told when I shoveled dirt and filth down in the sewers. That's what you've all been told." I paused again and took a deep breath. "Starting now, we're no longer a civilization of peace." I heard Inorai gasp behind me as I broke script. "We're going to put it all to the test. We'll start by conquering The Milky Way, and from there on, the rest of the universe. I will lead us into a new era." *** r/Lilwa_Dexel 