
"Katy Perry," a voice said to Deacon's right. It was possibly the only thing that could have given Deacon pause in that moment. After decades of preparation, everything was just as it should have been. All around him were a crowd of ecstatic Munich citizens. Above him was a blue sky without a breath of wind. A few yards before him was the Fuhrer. In his coat pocket was a Walther PP. And on the trigger was his finger. Deacon was certain he'd misheard the voice. In his years of preparation for this moment, he must have seen every German movie from the era, listened to every syllable he could to master the accent of a man from the Platzl quarter of Munich who was born in the year 1915. And yet, he had never heard any combination of syllables that sounded so distinctly out-of-place as what he had just heard from his right. He turned and, sure enough, a man was facing him. He was dressed just as any other man in that crowd, but one thing stuck out about him. He had impeccably straight, shining white teeth, which were currently displayed in a broad smile. It seemed so out of place in this crowd of men and women who could barely afford to feed themselves, much less pay a dentist. "I knew it was you," the man said in English. Before Deacon could react, somebody grabbed his hand. The trigger slipped away from his finger just as a third man grabbed his free arm. Deacon tried to cry out, but his voice was drowned out by the chorus of Deutschlandlied, that boomed all around him. He was dragged from the crowd and thrown into an alley. A gun barrel dug into the back of his head and he closed his eyes, bracing himself. "Christ alive," the voice behind him said. "They're sending them younger and younger." "You only think that because you're so bloody old, Tom," somebody said with an English accent as he removed the Walther from Deacon's coat. "And what if he hadn't answered to 'Katy Perry?'" an approaching voice asked. "Then I would've asked to borrow his iPod or his fidget spinner or whatever dumb crap my grandpa played with back in 2017," came the reply. "Turn him around," the oldest man said. Deacon looked up to face Tom. There was a thin, white beard over his wrinkled face. "You are from 2017. And you are here to assassinate Adolf Hitler, are you not?" Deacon opened his mouth but no reply came. "Why don't they ever send anybody after Stalin?" the man with the bright, shining teeth asked. "He was as much a bastard, if not more." "Shut up, Rook," another man said. "Am I correct?" Tom asked of Deacon. "Yes," Deacon replied. "I'm afraid we cannot let you do that." "What makes you think you can stop me?" "Because we were all sent to do the same at one time or another." "Then... then..." Deacon stammered, "Why is he still alive?" Tom sighed. "Did you think that altering a single variable was guaranteed to prevent a war that claimed tens of millions of lives?" Before Deacon could reply, Tom dropped a series of photos on the ground. Deacon looked at photo after photo, and his eyes bulged. "We have much to discuss," Tom said. "Is that... New York?" Deacon asked. "Young man," Tom said. "Have you ever considered what might have happened if Germany had won the war?" 