
"Greetings, humble denizens of Rome," I proclaimed. "I approach from a civilization yet to come which wants to know about all of you and your lives. Please, do not be alarmed by my appearance. Any questions posed by you will be acknowledged." I peered at the members of the crowd gathered beneath me. I supposed that I looked strange to them with my 28th century carbon-wear, black and snug against most of my skin. I also supposed that they were a bit awed at the time machine I was currently standing on - they must have believed I was one of their gods that had descended from the heavens. Many of them had furrowed brows and open mouths, while some stood with crossed arms and scowls. A dirt-covered child wearing rags stumbled to the front of the crowd and looked at my time machine, then at me. Not surprisingly, he asked a question. "Where did you come from?" "Now, young boy, I have arrived from a period in thousands of years. Where I come from, necessities and luxuries are always within grasp." "Are you Saturn?" The boy asked immediately after. "Did you come from Mount Olympus?" I knew I was a bit old, but I didn't think that a child would mistake me for the baby eating, balding, gray-bearded Saturn. Perhaps the boy didn't know about the first part and was just asking out of pure innocent and ignorance. "No, I am not Saturn and I did not originate from Mount Olympus," I replied. "I come from an Earthly place in the future." "So who the hell are you then, to come cracking up in the heat of mid-day to bother us then, aye?" A squat, shirtless, hairy man grunted. There were some grunts within the crowd, seemingly ones of affirmation. "I have come to ask you about your lives. Simply that," I replied. "Oi, and wit u come a bucket of iron (...unintelligible...) heap of thick (saddles?) in me home, we gotta get (...unintelligible...) all in the mouth hole or else we're gonna burn out here." An old woman barked. Her voice was rasping but commanding, and some other old folks nodded. I had no idea what she was talking about. "I'm sorry, miss (formal), what problem am I causing?" I asked cautiously. I was trying to be polite but it seemed that the Romans took it to be rude because a few men in the crowd scoffed and mocked the hand gesture that I made as I said "difficile." "The problem is," The woman shouted, "you're a pompous prick that looks like Jupiter used your clothes to wipe his ass." The crowd laughed at that one. "And you talk like a senator," a tall, muscular man shouted near the end of the chuckles. "You think you're so much better than us." The agreement was heard in the crowd's murmers. "Hey," I shouted over the echoes and glares I was getting. I thought about what I could say to save myself. Then, I recalled Shakespeare's *Julius Caesar* and realized that the people in the play accepted wild promises from their politicians all the time, and this gave Caesar and the politicians their power. I had to start being charismatic, but I had to speak their language too. "Hey, I understand why you all (informal) are furious at me. You believe that I just want to take advantage of you or waste your time. You think I'm a patrician or a politician, but where I'm from, I'm just a commoner. I can-" "Oi, oi, oi!" A loud voice interjected. "Stop peddling false *Trabea* to us, we're not stupid. You look like you've never farmed a day in your life with that cupid-face," shouted the short, fat shirtless man from earlier. "Hey, listen," I stated over his last words, "I have gifts that I can give people who help me. Those who do not want to answer my questions will not receive anything." Suddenly, there was a rustling of hooves and banners behind the crowd. Shouts of "make-way!" parted the peasants. I saw that based off of the insignia on the shields and the characteristic short-swords that this was a praetorian. I felt a tinge of satisfaction from knowing that, but then fear from the implications. A tall praetor with his shield on his back pushed through the crowd and stood solidly in front of me. What he said next still doesn't make sense to me. "The reigning Dictator, Julius Caesar, has been expecting you for some time now. Come with us." 