
A gelid silence settled in the room. I was sitting on our tattered, avocado green sofa, staring at the pained smiles of my parents. I surveyed the room of our apartment. There was the dining table made of particle board. The white fridge next to the brown toaster oven with fake wood veneer. The dish washer that we used like a drying rack because it could handle the "dish" part of its job title but not the "washer" part. I thought of the non-descript scent that had accompanied my mattress when we brought it home from the thrift store - my brand-new used bed. The piece of plywood that served the role of a box springs. The cheap Walmart desk that bowed under the weight of the behemoth PC tower I fought with every night to do my homework. "We read a lot of books," my dad was saying. He had clearly seen something on my face he hadn't liked, as there was a plaintive note in his voice. It didn't suit him. "They all said that it is best to teach your child good values instead of spoiling them with the reality. We just wanted what was best for you." "Of course. That makes sense. I understand." I struggled to make my voice sound natural as I spoke, but it sounded alien, far away - like someone was playing a recording of my voice in the apartment next door. I closed my eyes. The nights I had fallen asleep listening to the couple next door scream at each other. The puntable dog upstairs that always seemed to wait until I had a big test before he started barking. And the noise of the freeway that came in all summer long when the only way to survive the suffocating heat was to leave your window open all night. "It's just a lot to take in," I said, seizing on the opportunity to be sincere. "What - how does it even work? Are we going to move? Or...do I get an allowance, or something?" My mother gave me a smile that I'm sure she thought was encouraging. "It's in a trust. Obviously if something were to happen to us, you'd be completely taken care of, but since we're in good health - you should expect things to be more or less the same for the next seven years. Then you'll get the first payment from the trust. In the meantime, you can access funds to support higher education to prepare yourself for whatever kind of future you might want." Below, on the street, was the used Corolla that usually got us to where we were going on time. Currently, it was parked just 20 feet away from the street corner where I got beat up for the first time. If you turned left there and went about 5 blocks, you got to my high school. That was where the magic happened. My freshman year, upper classmen used threw me in dumpsters a few times because my clothes "made me look like garbage." My English teacher had failed as an author and made up for it by telling us how terrible our writing was. "My future." My dream had been to be a writer until I started school there. If you did well in classes, you were simply ridiculed; if you read for pleasure, you were accosted. This was the place where my dream had been stabbed in the side and bled until it drained of all color. But one thing it did have was an auto repair elective. My parents had made me take it, of course - they wanted me to learn an honest trade. It was not a good class, and it was led by someone who knew a lot about cars and nothing about teaching. But I had learned enough. The reason people cut brake lines, for example, is because the brake fluid drains out and the brakes fail to operate. That, however, is a pretty crude technique and fairly easy to spot by a claims adjuster. If you're going to go under the car anyway, you might as well just drain the master cylinder. You get the same effect without any physical evidence of tampering. Plus, there was something poetic, I thought, about letting the body of this car drain of fluid it needed to function, to survive. They even call it bleeding the lines. Bleeding. There's that corner I mentioned before. Every Sunday, my parents, my wonderful parents, drive to that corner and turn right. And as they head to church, they crest a hill - one of the steepest in the area - with stop signs down the other side to encourage people to keep under a certain speed. My parents were giving people. They gave me this experience, this sham existence. It seems only fair that I give them something back. Their gift taught me how life involves pain. And I, in my generosity, have ensured that they will no longer experience that pain. It would be silly, really, to have to suffer when that suffering could be completely avoided. 