
Advanced Author's note: Just a quick call out to both [SterlingMagleby](https://www.reddit.com/user/SterlingMagleby) and [Korijay](https://www.reddit.com/user/Korijay), who both had a similiar idea to mine, and beat me to posting. - I should have thought this through better, I considered, as I dodged an arrow. Seriously, it should have been common sense that downing the opposing knight with "the power of thunder" would have drawn some less than positive attention. All I can claim is that the visage of the Princess obviously overwhelmed said common sense (more like my libido knifed it in the back and hid the body). Honestly, none of this was going according to plan. The original scheme had simply been to jump back in time and observe. Sure they had given me the Glock, but they had been clear that it was only for emergency use. But when I had arrived successfully in the past, and had seen the princess, common sense (and most other rational thought) had left me. To say she was hot was the understatement of the millennia (if I had my date right). So I joined the tournament for her hand. Not the best decision I had ever made. In hind sight, and given my record of poor decisions, I'm beginning to think the scientists didn't actually expect this whole thing to work. Assholes. Also, I probably hadn't needed to gloat over the corpse of my opponent. That one was on me. Well, those are problems for another time. At the moment, dodging arrows in my primary concern. Honestly, I think the King was being a bit unfair. I hadn't been hostile to anyone other than my opponent, and you'd think any King worth his salt would be happy to have a "wizard who controls the power of thunder" as a husband to his daughter. BUT NOOOOO. Pull out a bit of 21st century technology, and suddenly your being pursued by the King's personal guard. *So not fair!* I ducked behind a tree as I considered what to do next. The timer was set to return me in another 42 minutes unless I overrode it. Overriding it was exactly what I had intended to do once I won the princess' hand in marriage, but unfortunately that only extended my stay in the past, there was no way to get me out sooner. Bummer. I sent a few more rounds over my shoulder to get the approaching knights to duck back as I broke from cover and ran on. Only one more magazine I noted as I reloaded; I'd have to start rationing my shots. Suddenly three men in red jumped out in front on me. I leveled my pistol, but could not abandon my snark, "I didn't expect you to get in front of me." The man in the middle, his head covered by a wide brimmed hat matching his red robes, stepped forward confidently, and in a ridiculous Spanish accent stated "No one expects the Spanish Inquisition! Our chief weapons are surprise and fear!" He boomed. Honestly, he sounded rather pompous to me, so I shot him. I was thoroughly surprised when he drew his sword faster then my eye could follow and apparently cut the bullet in half. "A Glock? Really? You couldn't have picked something with more style?" The man queried. At this point, I was fully at a loss. How did this man know what a Glock was? How in the world did he block a freaking bullet with a sword?" These questions ran through my mind, but I could hear the King's men approaching, so I took what I thought was the most logical course of action and emptied the pistol magazine at the men who blocked my escape. To my astonishment, the man in the center used his blade to block every single bullet. He sighed, and suddenly lost his ridiculous accent. "You time travelers are all the same. When will you learn to stop mucking about in the past?" With that, he unceremoniously stabbed me through the heart. I knew I was as good as dead as I hit the ground. My last thoughts on Earth were revisiting my earlier conclusion that I really hadn't thought this through. But in my defense, seriously, no one expects the Spanish Inquisition. - Second Author's Note - Hope you enjoyed, and as always, I'm a sucker for constructive feedback. Third Author's Note - Minor grammatical edits. 