
My first memories are of my mother kissing my forehead as she tucked me into bed, whispering to me that someday I would avenge my father. Before that, we would have been sitting on the bed, me captivated by some story she was telling about him. Maybe it was the time he crept into the elven kingdom, armed with nothing but that fateful dagger and a bag. He had captured one - hence the bag - and had taken a pile of gold for good measure. Maybe it was the time that he decided to tussle with the mermaids. They weren't bothering him, but he couldn't stand the fact that they wouldn't bow to him either. They couldn't quite bow, those legless beauties. It mattered naught. It cost him two dozen of his best men, two ships, and he ended up swimming back to the kingdom, but the mermaids bowed their heads at least. Revenge. It's a tricky word, sinister to its core and implying plotting and bloodshed. I turn the dagger in my hands, touching the blade to draw a drop of blood that falls onto the forest floor. That's the blood. Now I just need a plan. My whole life mother told me I had to avenge him, only to see her executed at the hands of my step-father and to find myself running through the tunnels below the castle with his soldiers hot on my heels. I loved my mother, but sometimes I think she deserved it as much as he did. The way she would poison the ears of anybody who gave her the time of day. The way she would growl at him when he invited her to dinner. My father brought it upon himself. I loved him once, by nature of knowing he was my father. The more stories she told me, the more convinced I became that I would never avenge him. He didn't need to shear the Sheik's sheep. He didn't need to steal a goat from the priests of the Temple of Darkness, bringing upon himself their wrath. He had an insatiable taste for adventure, a hunger that inevitably brought about his demise. I stab the leaf that has upon it the drop of blood. Using the dagger, I pick it up, observing the trails of veins like the secret passageways for sneaking into the castle. "Thoughts?" The voice comes from the other side of the fire, a flame skillfully birthed from the rain-soaked leaves and branches of the forest. That's Kio. He never left my side, even when the guards were pounding on the doors to my chamber and even when they assailed us in the foothills, having ridden day and night to close the distance we had gained. He fought bravely, loyal to a fault. And here we are now, a stone's throw from where it all began. Just beyond the bluff after the forest, I know the fields surrounding the castle await us. "He deserved it, didn't he? The treachery and the way he went?" Kio chuckles humorlessly. That was the only way he ever laughed. "He did." He pauses, either done with his answer or carefully picking his words. The latter this time, thankfully. "With all due respect, he was a rotten man. Delightfully adventurous. Never a dull moment. But rotten to his core with that twisted sense of humor and a love for blood." "You stayed." Kio nods. He had stayed, until the king's very last day and then more. "I did. For you. Your mother asked me to." "Did she ask you to help me avenge him?" Kio chuckles again, but this time I see the hint of an actual smile. "No. On the contrary. She regretted asking you, that is what she said before they took her to the hangman. But she knew you inevitably would. That taste for revenge, even if he doesn't deserve it." He shakes his head and shrugs reluctantly. "It runs in the family." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 