
People take me for granted. That moment where you see the light at the end of the tunnel and your life flashes before your eyes? That's not some miracle. Its hard work, diligence, and magic. It used to be that I gave people every highlight they ever had, but lately based upon the influx of people, I've had to narrow it down to three. So with every death, I come to them and exchange for their life a final gift--what three things would you like to re-experience? Sex. Highs. Even murder. People really show their true colors when they have nothing to lose and can have anything they ever wanted, especially the ones with greying hair and a lifetime's worth of highlights to choose from. Grandparents are the nastiest. John Roseberg lay with his eyes closed and breath waning. Thin grey hair sit atop of his head like a halo. The heart beat monitor beside him is a canary slowly losing its voice. To his side sits a woman who looks just a bit younger than him. She has hair thinner than his. It falls in curling strands to her shoulders, threatening at any moment to break off from her scalp. Her eyes, a faded blue, stare at John's heart beat monitor, her breath matching its pace. She smells of cigarettes, not like she just had one, but like she had bathed in nicotine. "Honey," John says, squeezing her hand. "I'm so sorry." She doesn't respond, just keeps her eyes on John's metallic canary. *Beep*, it sings. *Beep. Beeeeep. Beeeeeeeep.* "I should've tried to understand," John says, his voice barely audible to even himself. "I should've..." But he never finished the sentence. His canary sings a final lasting note and the woman besides him finally allows herself noise. She chokes out a small wail and covers her face. "I'm sorry, too," she whispers. Which is my cue to start working. Time freezes. "John," I say, hovering over him and he opens his eyes once again. "What? Where am I?" "You get three experiences to re-live. Only three. Think of one and when I snap my fingers, you'll get to relive it." Long drawn-out explanations was for a time before eight billion monkeys. "Wait, what is this?" "Have one in mind?" I ready my fingers to snap. "Three. Two. One." And I snap my fingers. John's breaths stop. His eyes stay wide open. Out of curiosity, I peek. What kind of nasty things have you done with your life, grandpa? The experience lasts barely three seconds. Snow falls. Small flutters of wind blow around him, winding the snow in a wild dance. I see a small girl with luscious blonde curls and eyes as wide and blue as the Pacific. "Look, daddy," she says, an open-mouthed smile showcasing two missing front teeth. "It's a snow angel." She plops into the snow, wiping it with her arms. "Yes it is, Sarah," John mutters, smiling back. "You certainly are." It ends and I'm back with John. I sigh. I had expected better of a man who's lived over eighty years. "Alright," I tell him. "Got your second one in mind?" John simply nods and we're back in the snow, winter nibbling at our skin. The same girl stands in front of us. "Look daddy," she says, plopping into the snow. "It's a snow angel." "Yes it is, Sarah," John mutters, this time tears leaking from his eyes. "You certainly are." The experience ends. I furrow my brow at John. "Did you mean to..." "I'm ready for my next one," he says. I give him a long look. Using all your experiences on a single moment wasn't unheard of, but one that barely lasted five seconds? I shake my head. It isn't for me to decide. We're back to that same experience. "Look daddy, it's a snow angel." This time, John has one veiny hand covering his face. He screams into his palms and tears splatter into the snow, melting tear-shaped gorges into the perfect white blanket. "Yes it is, Sarah," he chokes through. "You certainly are." The experience ends. So does John. Time starts again and his heart beat monitor is still singing that note. But now, there's a smile on John's face. The woman beside him gets up and calls the nurse. A nurse soon walks in. "It happened," she says, battling down sobs. The nurse gives her a small nod. "I'm really sorry for your loss Ms. Roseberg." She puts a hand on the woman's shoulder. "Sarah." --- --- /r/jraywang for 200+ stories already written! 