
"...and that is why East Virginia seceded from the Union, all thanks to an eccentric governor who thought Richmond was actually Atlantis," I concluded the fun tidbit. The class of around thirty students stared at me with eyes in which a fierce debate raged if they wanted to correct me or simply allow me to continue with my lecture. Patiently awaiting a hand, I surveyed the room to find a few students already vigorously searching their phones in the laps, not nearly as discretely as they thought. "Actually," one student in thick glasses began. "There's no East Virginia. West Virginia, however, seceded from the Confederacy because it disagreed with their stance on states' rights and slavery." "Is that so?" I mused. "Well that takes us to the first battle of the Civil War: After Abraham Lincoln, AKA Captain America, denounced Jefferson Davis, who came out as Iron Man..." "Sir," a young lady interrupted with an outstretched hand. "You're thinking of the Marvel movie. Abraham Lincoln was the new president of the United States while Jefferson Davis was elected to the Confederate States of America. I don't think either of them were superheroes." "Yeah, but Lincoln could have been a superhero," I argued with the class. "In the night he donned the mask under the name, 'El Americano,' and became a luchador. On nights that he wasn't defending his title, he was a vampire hunter." "Um..." another kid fiercely reading Wikipedia in his lap protested. "While Lincoln is inducted in the Wrestling Hall of Fame and while lucha libre has origins dating back to 1863, it was very regional until the 1930s. I really doubt Lincoln was aware of it. And also, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter was just a movie..." "I see..." I continued the lecture. "Well the first battle of the Civil War was at Fort Summer in Southern Carolina, before they split, fought with giant mechanized men, resulting in the deaths of millions, one of the reasons why the Civil War is one of the bloodiest in American history." "That's bull!" One kid argued. "You're full of it!" Another contradicted me. "Somebody tell this idiot what really happened," somebody in the back shouted. "Well for starters," a girl in a long skirt began. "The Carolinas were divided in 1729, well over a hundred years before the Civil War. The first battle took place at Fort *Sumter*, not Fort Summer. Furthermore, there was only one casualty: a union soldier accidentally killed during a flag-raising ceremony after the fort was surrendered. No mention of giant robots." So the class continued as I made grand declarations of lies, each becoming more subtle as the children wanted to contradict me at every turn. By the end of the class period, they became experts in the early Civil War, not because I taught them, but because I gave them the inspiration to teach themselves. ***** More stories at r/Andrew__Wells 