
"Back in their early days, humans were weak. They were constantly in danger from everything around them, especially the fearsome, meat-eating beasts. They had to fight for survival. So what did humans do?" Pausing for an answer, I took a swig of my herbal beer, absorbing the chatter of the interspecies bar. Aliens from all kinds of galaxies came here to get drunk, and the atmosphere was always lively. G'aaklorp, who was my newest drink companion, twirled a blade in his three feelers, shouting over the din, "I'm guessing they made weapons?" "Well, that too. But worse," I slammed the mug down and leaned over the table. "They took one of those meat-eating beasts and they tamed it. Wolves, they used to be called. Swift-footed pack animals with razor sharp teeth and mangy fur. Now they're kept as *'pets'*, servants to the Beastmasters. Humans feed them the bones of their prey and coo as they crush hard skeletons with their teeth. It's adorable to them, seeing the act of pure savagery." "That's bad," G'aaklorp admitted. "But anyone can force slaves to work for them. Stars Above, we even did it with the Ferrums, and you've seen the way they slaughter civilians. It's fun for them to hear us scream. In the end, we became their masters too." "They were slaves, yes, but these pets were not. Those wolves I mentioned became 'human's best friend'. Remember, they adored their pets, and their pets adored them. When have we ever spoken kindly of a Ferrum?" "Never, but that just shows how weak these 'wolves' must've been." I gulped down some more beer. I'd need the inebriation for the next part of the story. "Oh, that was only the start." "What?" "After they achieved FTL travel, they found and tamed the Scallthrops." G'aaklorp threw back his heads and guffawed. It was a loud, gurgling sound that made me flinch. Once he was finished, he looked at me with a wide grin. "Come on, old man, I bought you that beer for a story from your life, not a tale to scare infants." "I promise you, this is all true. I've seen one." G'aaklorp smirked. "You even know what a Scallthrop is? They're twenty feet tall and ten-armed. They got chitin plating harder than ship armor and fangs so sharp they slice their own flesh when they feed. With just their wings they'll fly faster than your thoughts can travel. I'd be surprised enough for a human, let alone you, to see a Scallthrop and live. But tame one? Nobody here's drunk enough to believe *that*." I sighed. "Trust me, it was tamed. The Beastmaster had it on a leash, and he told me they'd raised it since it hatched. Think about it. Scallthrops are highly attached to their hives, especially their hivemothers. Now what if that hivemother was a human?" I don't think G'aaklorp heard my question, because he was too busy cackling again and spilling his drink everywhere. "That's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. Oh Stars, how do you come up with these ideas? I should come and drink here more often. Tamed Scallthrops, he says!" His last words rang through the bar, which had suddenly fallen silent. G'aaklorp composed himself with a start and looked around. I put down my beer, and when I saw what everyone was looking at, I couldn't help but shudder. It was a human entering the bar, baring his yellow teeth. No human had come here before, but what were humans for if not new surprises? And this one was apparently no stranger to surprises, with one of them leashed right by his side. A small ball of constantly deforming grey goo, clearly tamed as another 'pet', slugged along the human, who seemed perfectly at ease with all the attention. G'aaklorp was the first one to break the silence. "THIS is the human you talked about?" Now all eyes were on us, and I shrank back a bit. "Quiet," I hissed. "Don't attract attention!" "He's tiny!" G'aaklorp exclaimed, jumping off his seat. "Where are his feelers? His armor? And he only has four thin limbs!" I saw my horrified stare in the bar's other patrons who were speechless as G'aaklorp stumbled over to the human. "And what's that little blob?" G'aaklorp continued. "It's even tinier than he is!" He puffed himself up and held his blade in the air. "What's his so-called pet going to do, sink into the ground?" The human had been watching with amusement this whole time, but finally he spoke up, his voice ringing out through the bar. This time, all of us flinched. "Daisy here does know how to sink, but I much prefer the other commands I've taught her. Would you like a demonstration?" G'aaklorp stopped short, finally recognizing the malicious glint in the human's set of eyes. It was too late, though, and all we could do was watch. "Come on, Daisy. See the stupid alien? Yes, good girl." The grey goo began contorting impossibly and slime flew everywhere as it started rapidly expanding. "Okay, Daisy. Fetch." [Part 2 below!](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/ek2414/wp_humans_are_the_only_species_in_the_universe/fd78moo/) --- r/OracleOfCake 