
"Harry?" Dudley asked, his eyes wide. No, this couldn't be... "Hi, Big D," Harry said, a little grin on his lips. "How have you been?" "I- " The words caught in Dudly's throat. This couldn't be *him.* Could it? The Harry he knew was thin as a beanpole with unruly hair and second-hand clothes. Not to mention *short*. *This* Harry stood tall and proud like a lion, impressive in his suit and coat. His hair had the same color, though richer, long and combed back, with a matching full beard. The scar - the thunderbolt one - had faded to a pink line on his forehead, easy to miss if you didn't look for it. It was the eyes and glasses, though. He had the very same glasses Dudley once broke, and the eyes had the same, almost noble shade of green. Now, however, they had a flicker of uncanny intellect and a sparkle of mischief. This... This was Harry. Good Lord, this was *Harry*. "Harry, I'm so, *so* sorry," Dudley said without thinking. The words, once released, couldn't stop. No, they *wouldn't* stop. They'd been kept in for the better part of... How long had it? Nineteen- twenty years? Good Lord, it really had been twenty years! Talk about long overdue. "Dudley. *Dudley*," Harry cut in, putting a hand on his shoulder. "It's alright." Their eyes met. Dudley had expected anger, rage, pain, anything Harry *ought* to feel. Instead, he found only sincerity. "It's alright," Harry repeated. Then he removed his hand and patted the side of Dudley's arm, smiling. "Now," he said. "Word is today is someone's birthday. Wouldn't know anything about that, would you?" Still processing it all, Dudley managed to say, "Uh, Sofie's." "Sofie. Lovely name. Speaking of which, hang on." Harry reached into his coat and for a moment Dudley thought he'd pull out a wand or something and hex- jinx- whatever wizard-folk did, but Harry merely produced a letter. "This got Sofie's name on it. Thought I'd come by and deliver it in person. Hagrid says hi, by the way, and sorry for the tail." Dudley visibly shuddered at the memory. Then his attention snapped back to the letter. "You- You don't mean..." He trailed off, staring at the letter like it might bite him. "Aye," Harry said, nodding. "It's just an invitation," he continued, probably because how Dudley's face paled in seconds. "The choice is still up to Sofie and your family. I promise." Dudley stared at the letter. He remembered the seal from the one Harry had recieved. The school. Magic. Wizards and witches. "I don't what to say," Dudley started. "I mean, there's so much we don't know. We're just... people, Harry. *Ordinary* people. Not- not-" "Freaks?" Harry said with a whinch "*Brilliant!*" This time, Harry did a double-take. His eyes lightened up and smiled. Perhaps not joyous but relieved. "You mean that?" Dudley's cheeks reddened, but he pushed the feeling aside. "It saved my life. *You* saved my life, Harry. So... Not all magic can be that bad, can it." Harry's smile shouldn't have been able to grow any bigger, but it did. Magic, Dudley guessed. "If you put it that way," Harry said. From inside the house, cries of childrens' laughter could be heard. One of Dudley's younger sons called for him to hurry up. Harry chuckled. "I suppose I shouldn't keep you out here much longer. I'll check in on you guys later and help you through this. I promise." He handed the letter over to Dudley and made to leave. Before he had the chance to disappear, however, Dudley spoke up. "Hey, Harry!" "Hmm?" "Do..." Dudley trailed off, then mustered up the courage. "Do you want to come in? We got cake and... And the kids would love to meet their, uh... Uncle." Harry stood, eyes wide. His vision turned watery. Dudley couldn't judge him. He was tearing up, too. "I'd love to." 