
The party was going very well and was relatively fun, for a seven year olds party. The guest of honor, a young sandy haired boy wearing a party hat, smiled and played and did everything expected of him. To all appearances, he was a normal, well adjusted little guy. His mind, though, whirled with excitement and trepidation. He remembered this party. It was lifetimes ago, four to be exact. But he remembered it in detail. The guest of honor was a total tool and told him something weird that never made much sense. Only now did he realize that he was that very tool bag, four lives later. If he remembered correctly, the trouble making little snot currently pulling a little girls hair was in fact him. Thinking through years he drew out the details of that life as his current mother went through the process of running the party. It was a fun life. Only his third, actually. And the first time he realized the freedom to be had once you no longer feared death. It was also the life that taught him one of the most painful lessons and nearly drove him mad. He only distantly remembered the accident that left him trapped inside his body. Able to hear, yet unable to move or respond. He remembered the terror he felt as his listened to his parents talk about long term care, feeding tubes, breathing machines and all the implements that kept him locked inside his head for more than twenty years. As he pondered what to do about meeting himself, he faced an immense conundrum. Although he suffered, he came through having learned not to tempt fate. He became wiser for his pain. Yet even now he noted his rapid breathing as he remembered the hell he endured. Perhaps he could rid himself of the occasional anxiety experienced because of the life he now watched. His first time around he tried to just give a piece of advice. If he was to change himself, more would be required. He had never particularly liked this kid. Yet, he decided he would have to endure his own company. Perhaps he could change what was to come by guiding his past self. He approached the boy, steeling himself for the unmitigated ass that he had been. As he opened his mouth to speak the boy spit an ice cube at him that landed in his mouth. Spitting it out he recovered his composure as the boy laughed hysterically. " What do you want loser? I'm only here for the cake and your mom's hot." Wiping stray water off his mouth he stared into his own eyes before saying "you deserve it, don't you? We have to go through it. Very well. You'll survive." The sandy haired boy turned and never looked back. His mother was waiting for him to cut the cake. He smiled and enjoyed his party, ignoring the anxiety that was his remembrance of a life long past. 