
Jim and Bob stared at each other for what seemed like millineia. Their eyes bored holes into the pupils of the other, each of them turning red and dry. A passerby might think they were stoned out of their minds, or coked out of their heads, or on some other drug that hasn't yet been made popular by demand. "You quit," Jim said. "No, you," Bob said. The referee's back was wet with sweat. He feared blinking, lest he miss the fatal blow, but was unable to hold back against that singular bodily function. How many matches he had seen, regulated, and decided, he could not count. He did know that this was by far the longest that any had ever witnessed, beating the world record by at least fourteen hours. The crowd watched with horror. Their spouses worried what this might do their husband's eyesight. Their children had grown tired of cheering their fathers and now played in a nearby patch of grass with their disinterested fellows. Suddenly, the world changed. "What's going on?" Jim said. "Did you blink? Or did I?" Bob said. "The grass...is it somehow straighter?" "Everything is straight lines and polygons." "Dear god, I think we broke something." "But what?" ***** "Sir! They've broken the simulation and have become self aware!" Bleep said to Bloop, his captain. "How can that be?" Bloop said. "Checking..." "Did they push their bodies beyond their physical limits in a test of ultimate strength, as did Hercules against the bull?" "No, sir, not that..." "Did they attain a higher level of consciousness beyond that of any of their historical peers, as did the Buddha after realizing the existence of suffering and its causes?" "No...not quite...almost done..." "Well, have they somehow broken beyond the physical laws of their universe and changed them to fit their own will? That shouldn't have been possible for another few thousand generations!" "No, sir, I have it! They...oh my gizormat!" "They what?" "They broke it with a staring contest." "A staring contest?" Bloop said, stunned. "A staring contest?!" "Yes, sir. A staring contest." "That's just...what?" "I know, sir." "Well...fuck man. Just end it." "End the whole thing?" "I'm done. I'll take the blame. Just end the whole fucking simulation." "Okay, sir." ***** "Jim?" Bob said. "Bob?" Jim said. "Where are we?" "I don't know. It's all dark." "You know I won, right?" "No, I did." "No, I did." "No, I did." ... 