
The room fell silent. The GM shifted for a better look, the players all staring at the centre of the table, where a d20 had come to rest over a crudely drawn map of a desert village. Above it, an outstretched hand quivered slightly. 1. "Shit..." said Mark. John took in a heavy breath, and began to leaf through the rulebook in front of him, searching for the section on character deaths. Luke glanced over to Matt, whose hand was still outstretched, and whose eyes were still locked onto his d20. Tapping the table uncertainly, Luke turned to the GM. "Well you've got to give him a saving throw or something," he said. "That *was* the saving throw," replied John, running his finger down the page. "Yeah, but... at least one more," said Luke, "Surely?" "You all knew the rules for disease. You chose to complete the dungeon instead of heading straight back for aid. You got the experience, you got the treasure, but that comes at a price. And this time... well..." John trailed off for a moment and pretended to keep reading. "Sorry Matt," he mumbled. Matt didn't reply. He didn't look over. He just slowly brought his hand back to his side, a blank, shocked expression on his face. "I just don't think it's fair," said Luke. "I mean... it *is* in the rules," said Mark, shifting uncomfortably and avoiding looking at Matt, "Don't get me wrong, it sucks, but it's part of the game, y'know?" The three fell silent again, until Matt slowly got to his feet. "I'm going to... go get some water..." he breathed. "Okay mate," said Mark, "Sure thing." "Do you want me to -" started Luke, but Matt was already half-way to the door. Luke waited until he had left, and then rounded on John. "You can't do this to him, John, come on!" he said, as urgently and quietly as he could, so Matt wouldn't overhear, "He loves Laz, it's probably his favourite character from any adventure we've ever done!" John squirmed. "I'm sorry, I can't just flub rules whenever you want me to," he mumbled, "If I did, why even bother rolling the dice?" "Look, I'm not asking for you to let us win everything," said Luke, pressing in and resting a hand on the rulebook, "Did we complain when I rolled one short of a successful sneak and alerted the whole Goth camp? Or when Mark raged and then missed his attacks on every single legionary?" John shook his head. "And to a *disease*?" Mark added, "Come on, man, that's a shit way for a character to go. Throw him a bone here." "Did you see his expression?" said Luke, "I think if you go through with this he might never play again." "Okay, okay!" John threw up his hands, "Fine, I take your point. I'll... I'll come up with something." It was four minutes later when Matt slouched back into the room, his expression still one of numb shock. As he reached the table, he looked down at his character sheet, and his lip trembled. John cleared his throat. "As the body of your beloved party member grows cold on his bed, the two of you spot a newcomer approaching from the next village. He is shrouded in light robes, and has a long, clean beard. A band of admirers follow closely behind him." Luke and Mark exchanged a glance. "I... roll perception," said Mark, "Does he look like a plebeian, or is he someone powerful?" Mark rolled the dice. 17. "This is definitely no ordinary plebeian," said John with a smile, "This is a man of great power. In fact... it's a man you both recognise, a great adventurer not long since retired. The most powerful bard/sorcerer that the Middle East has ever seen." Matt looked up suddenly, as Mark and Luke both shouted out with grins plastered onto their faces. "JESUS OF NAZARETH!" John nodded, and looked to Matt, who seemed on the verge of tears. Gently, John continued. "The level 20 adventurer recognises his old apprentice lying dead before him. Asking nothing in return, he prepares a Wish spell, and approaches the bed of Lazarus..." 