
It was in a wasteland that the last human stood. The husks of buildings and skeletal remains decorated rust-colored soil that stretched as far as the eye could see.  No green was left, nor breathing thing save this one human, facing down the monstrosity of epic proportions that was before him. The man clutched his side, now stained red, with a trail of blood running down his cheek. His grip gave way, dropping his knife, "Well, damn..." His breathing became labored as he gazed up into the eyes of the massive being before him. "You know, you're a tough one! You really got us! If there was one thing we thought we were good at, it was violence!" The man looked behind him at the ruined skyline, the bombed out streets and craters that the red dusk was slowly covering in a soft blanket of night. "But BOY were we wrong!" At that moment, a wave of calm enveloped the man, as if a fresh breeze had swept though his soul, settling his nerves. The weight of the situation finally set in as he looked at the knife at his feet. "Maybe that's where we were wrong..." &#x200B; The Horror that was before him slowly lifted a tentacle that jutted out of its bulbous body, curling it to the sky, touching the clouds above. Storms began to form as thunder rolled. The man stared as a grin etched its way across his face. "You think that scares me? You REALLY think that scares me?" He started to chuckle, "To think, maybe we just did it all wrong. We fought the wrong way!" The nature of something as inconceivably powerful as this thing suddenly became much clearer, what was once thought to be beyond our realm of understanding became very simple: there was never a chance at victory to begin with. "We could never beat you through violence, but I know what can beat you, you know that?" The smirk evolved into a fully formed smile, "You just don't scare me anymore! What is there to even fear?! How can I fear that which I can't escape?! WHAT THE HELL IS THE POINT?!" The man started to laugh, sporadically coughing blood onto the soil. The thunder grew louder with each of his breaths. "What, does that make you angry?! Does it hurt knowing you have no control?! Kill me, sure, you can do that! But you know what you can't do?" The man raised his hand, pointing, "You can't stop me from laughing in all three of your stupid faces!!!" &#x200B; More clouds gathered and the night came quicker as the sun retreated behind the wall of black that sparked with lightning and rage. The man fell to a knee, his strength was leaving him. "Maybe I'm insane, but that doesn't matter...what matters is that I won! You lost! Humanity was never going to be your victim!" He locked eyes with the Horror as best he could, "What a joke..." Eternal dark enveloped the man as he fell into the sand, a grin remaining on his face. The lightning stuck and what was left of the man was no more. 