
"Ground rules," you slap out onto the table. "No coming into the bedroom... no wait the bedroom or bathroom or any potentially-naked rooms unannounced. No floating it. Clear?" The Ouija board floats to yes, but after a bit too much hesitation. "Okay... good." You think for a minute about the rent issue, but don't want to embarrass yourself in front of the dead. Silly question really. "If there's intruders... like 'oh look a burglar,' can you scare them off? Is that within your range?" Ouija slides away from yes, only to immediately return. "Wait really?" An ungodly specter unfurls before you, vaporous entrails entangling together to entwine the haunt of a shrieking elderly corpse of a woman. It's thirty minutes after your panic attack calms down, as the thin air feeds you juice. "Well that does work." --------- The lights bounce to a rhythm, methodic, almost dubstep. It's three in the fucking morning. "How many are over there!" you demand with a bang on the door. The lights stop. -------- The board isn't enough, you go full Stranger Things and rig up christmas lights in their fullest. Explain to Tinder dates its for flavor, for fun, but god does it make communicating easy. When you're down she puts on light shows, when she's angry she'll run the garbage disposal, when she's calm she'll leave the channel on the one you want. And that's it. You're never alone. -------- Especially not alone when you're sick. Meningitis, the doctor tells you. When he leaves the room you do feel defeated, you do feel alone, you do ask if she's there. The lights flicker once. ------- Recovery is harsh, so she remembers to turn off the lights for you. You wake with the blankets tucked around you gently. Tightly. You ask if she can stay til you wake. In your heart you know she's there. --------- The tinitus is a swift and wretching symptom. Shortly after, the doctor writes it down for you. You cannot hear. You ask if she's there. The lights flicker. ------- "God we'll be good at this together one day," you murmur, returning home to silence. You collapse on the couch, done, but glad to still be here. "Run the disposal all you want, I'm immune." Casually, you flick on the television. Silence, as your favorite Netflix crush enters. No subtitles. "What... are they saying?" you numbly ask. A pause. Then the Ouija spells it out. You grab the board. You stop it. You spell out *thank you*. You enjoy the silence for a moment. Then you carry along, forever in good company. 