
Thunder rumbled as the grey clouds lumbered across the sky. Under the relative safety of the green canopy of the forest, Jameson strode confidently through the trees, only occasionally stopping to recast the tracking spell. As the tracking orb pulsed more fervently, Jameson became more cautious, choosing instead to move from trunk to trunk. The trees gave way to a dirt clearing, in which a small tent had been erected next to a smouldering attempt at a campfire. Jameson almost felt sorry - his current target's Link had only been triggered a few days before. Suddenly having the knowledge that in your previous life you'd been a monster dumped into your brain affected teenagers in different ways. Some gave themselves up; some killed themselves to break the chain; some ran. The caution in his approach was justified - having access to a previous life's memories meant that some of the targets he faced had powerful, dark magic at their disposal, wrapped in a scared, emotional shell. It was not a good combination. But this target was probably safe - Salk's family had confirmed that he had barely showed any aptitude for sorcery in the 15 years of his short life. The influx of DeVoort's memories had triggered the fight or flight response - Salk had run to a place that he thought he could be safe while he processed things. This would not be the setting for an epic battle. *Probably.* Jameson stopped, closed his eyes, and extended his Sense. The trees began to ring out with their customary low hum; the tent added a smooth tone. No jarring notes that would indicate a curse; no pulses of Silence to indicate Null zones. Jameson reopened his eyes and focused on the tent. "KION SALK!" he exclaimed loudly. Slowly, a disheveled teenager emerged from the tent. "Yes?" Salk said, wearily. "You know why I'm here" said Jameson. He stood, one arm raised in a defense pose, and silently prepared his combat magic. Salk sighed. "I didn't ask for this! This isn't fair!" He looked dejected, and hugged his body tight. Jameson sympathised. "Yeah, it's not fair. DeVoort murdered those people over a decade ago - for you it's not even part of your history. For the families though, it's a bitter memory. That's why a Mark was placed on his body after his suicide, and that's why I'm here now - I want to finally bring him to justice." Salk sighed again. "Yeah, I know. I just thought... if I came out here... I could ignore his voice". His voice trembled. "But it won't stop - will it?" Jameson reached into his robe and retrieved his binding chains. "No - I'm afraid not. But, I can take you to people who can help." He gingerly started moving closer towards Salk. Salk scoffed. "You mean, put me in a prison until I die of normal causes? That kind of help?" He shook his head softly in resignation. "I guess I have no choice." He held out his hands in surrender. As Jameson moved in closer, suddenly Salk's eyes flashed, and his hands began to jerk upwards into the beginnings of a casting pose. This was Jameson's worst fear - DeVoort was asserting control. However, Jameson's preparation had paid off. As soon as he saw Salk's eyes flashing, he knelt, and slammed his open palm into the ground, channeling his Binding spell. Violet vines sprang from the dirt, piercing Salk's arms and legs, and pulled him down to the ground. Salk cried out in pain. Jameson moved over to Salk. "So, DeVoort - I guess we're doing this the hard way then..." he commented drily, kneeling to bind his hands. Salk was too shocked to respond. Jameson stood up, then pulled out his communication glass. "I've bound DeVoort's host. Requesting transport to Karthikan." he said. The glass hummed, then a woman's voice spoke out. "Transport request granted. Good job, hunter. See you shortly." ----- This is my first writing prompt - thought I'd give it a shot. Comments/criticism welcome; I realise I haven't really written a self contained story here, this would probably be part of a larger story. EDIT: Thankyou for all of your kind comments! :) 