
The first evidence that Canada had disappeared came from the satellites. The lights of Ontario, Montreal and most of Quebec disappeared. Their diplomatic phone line was rung. It was dead. Vancouver was still running, the Canadian side of the town was anxious for the first two days as all attempts to communicate with the government and anyone eastwards failed. Fourteen hours after Canada went dark, Juneau ceased all contact. Satellites found no connections from the usually dense traffic from that region. Upon this, Joint Base Elmersdorf- Richardson was ordered to form up and set up defensive formations around the city of Anchorage, as well as sortie Surveillance drones. Major General Ronald G. Elmers watched the live footage of the drone as it flew, tracing the Alaskan coast. He'd been appointed only weeks before by the Commander in Chief and President, William Quentin. Ronald knew whatever had happened, it'd be ugly. "Sir, the drine is coming up on the city of Juneau now." He watched the screen intently as the drone descended to 3,000 feet above sea level. At first, he thought they had miscalculated and gone off course. He checked the drone's GPS coordinates again. They were correct. "Have the drone descend further. I want a better look." The green tint of the night vision showed a dense forest, tree after tree sprouting through the buildings. He noted the time. 2:35 AM. "I want you to get these pictures to D.C. and the Pentagon immediately." he said. "See if we can scramble a brigade from the West coast and get them on planes to Elmersdorf immediately." He stood from his chair. "Organize a plane. I need to be in Washington by morning." Ronald sighed as the Colonel finished briefing him. This was supposed to be his vacation in Seattle. Now his division was stuck in Alaska where trees had apparently killed the population of Canada. He got in the car and sighed. It would be a long week for him. --xXx-- On the morning of May 13th, 24 hours after Canada had ceased all contact, forces in Anchorage reported a strange smell overtaking the city. Citizens flled from the foul odour by closing themselves inside their houses. Soldiers deployed to the edge of the suburbs pinched their noses behind walls of sand and soil. Suddenly, an observer made a shout. Radios sparked to life, barking orders. Soldiers crouched at the ready, rifles primed and cocked. Planes sortied out first. Commanders noticed they were bombers and were confused. Then they saw liquid drop from the planes. "Men! Heads down! Cover!" The forest ahead was set alight by a fire, brighter than all the enlisted men had ever seen. Emerging from the flames, tall tree-like structures moved forwards, crawling on growing roots. A wooden roar came from them and hundreds of wooden creatures stumbled and ran forwards. "Mortars, HE Rounds! Fire!" The sounds of explosions deafened the green, new recruits. Some of the creatures exploded into splinters, others had holes ripped through them. The wounded stopped for just a moment as their wooden flesh regrew then they hobbled faster towards the men. "Fire at will!" Their rifles burst into action, 5.56 NATO rounds exiting the muzzle two, three times a second. The lead only seemed to encourage the wooden things to continue forward. The city was overrun in a day. --xXx-- "Elmersdorf-Richardson has gone dark, sir. They left one single last communication." The Defense member handed him a manila folder. Quentin opened it and saw the font of a telegram. "Abandon Alaska. Reinforce the Border. Never open it." He closed the folder. "What in god's name attacked them? We had missiles, tanks and thousands of men!" "They left us a video clip too, Mr. President. Please watch." The curtains in the Oval Office closed and the lights dimmed. The camera was brought up shakily. Brown masses were propeller by tentacle-like roots across buildings. The cameraman hopped onto a truck which drove into the base, men closing the gates right behind them. The footage cut to a view from a window. The outer portions of the base was desolate and broken, fires breaking out where vehicles and gasoline had been. The city in the background had brown masses swarng on the sides of buildings, climbing skyscrapers. The camera panned to the left down the hallway, then cut as the screen was filled with wood. "Are you telling me that the US Army, the best of the best, was defeated by fucking treants!?" "Yes, Sir." "Why did we not use incendiary rounds? They're made of wood for Christ's sake!" "They seem to display highly regenerative properties unless completely destroyed. While explosives and incendiaries were effective, there were hordes of them." Quentin sighed. "How fast can we get men on the border and construction of some sort of wall started? The damn Maple Syrup Men may not have withstood them and neither did out boys in Alaska, but the very least we can do is reinforce the Mainland." "Sir, to completely cover the border effectively, we,'d need to triple our current army numbers. It's a long and continuous border, sir." "Do whatever it takes. Also, inform the Chief of Staff I will be making an address tonight. You're dismissed." As the Secretary of Defense left his office, Quentine could only look down and put his face in his hands. When he got news Canada had gone dark he though the shit would be thigh deep. No. It was right up to his neck. 