
"Oh...hey Daryl," the lady said, with slight surprise, but more a sense of boredom in her voice. "Hey Judy. This again, huh?" Daryl replied. "Yep. Well, we may as well make the best of it," said Judy, putting on a brave face. "For sure. Okay...soo...how are those reports going?" Daryl said, in his best banker voice. "Not bad, although Bill pulled me into a meeting all afternoon, so I got pretty sidetracked," replied Judy, starting to get into character. "Jeez, Bill again huh?" "Ya, he means well, and he's a pleasant guy to work for overall, but he wastes *so* much time in meetings. It's like... we get it, we're all on board with the 'Bank Mission Statement', but we have to get some work done too," Judy said - her mind now switching fully into her bank character. *This is fucking sweet.* I thought to myself. "Totally. I mean, I like teamwork, respect and honesty as much as the next guy, but most managers just leave it as a background thing," said Daryl, starting to enjoy himself. Judy caught a little smile from Daryl, and a twinkle in his eye. *Well,* she thought, *I have to say, this is definitely more fun than that wizard scenario I was in last week...* Daryl was thinking the same thing, *Not bad compared to the ant farm lady. My ant character blows...I just can't get into it.* "Next time Bill calls a meeting I think I'm gonna say something," Judy continued. "Nothing rude, but I just feel like we're wasting so much time in that little boardroom. I mean, *at least* try to book the big one with the lake view." "That lake one is dope...I could totally spend an afternoon in there," replied Daryl, nodding his head. *This is amazing,* I thought to myself, barely holding it together. "Have you ever been in the meeting room on the top floor, near Thompson's office?" Judy asked, picturing it in vivid detail. "Don't stop," I whispered, too quietly for anyone to hear. "Oh my God, if that was my office I would be so fucking productive. Jesus Christ, just think of all the work I could get done in there," said Daryl, with genuine excitement. "What an awesome meeting room," agreed Judy, shaking her head in near disbelief. Both Judy and Daryl had dove in head first. They knew the bank inside and out. They knew who they liked at the bank and who they didn't. They embodied the bank's Core Values, and had a list of who they could fire if the budget got tight. They had fulfilled the role. And most importantly. They had truly become... *Bankers*. *Ohmygodimcumming* 