
I stood dumbstruck by the sight in my front yard. A small black horse stood neighing and stamping it's hooves in the melting snow. When I say horse, it had blue flame in place of a mane and tail and as it stamped small flares leapt from it's hooves. "Daddy, why is the pony on fire?" My daughter's voice broke my frozen mind. "Umm, honey, as much as I would love to give you an explanation on what a nightmare is right now, I am a little held up on the fact that I could have asked for one apparently years ago and I would have gotten one so please give daddy a moment to collect himself." I stared down at the letter that was left taped to the door specifically the sender line: Satan. "Uhh, sweety can you tell me how to spell santa?" "S?" "Yep." "A, t?" I shook my head slightly. "A, n?" She finished and looked at me quizically. I shook my head again. "Sorry honey, that's, that's not right." "But that's what the letter says." She pouted. "I know honey, but that's how you spell Satan." "Ohhh." She giggled. "S, a, n, t, a." She said proudly. "Very good. When you sent your letter to Santa, did you check your spelling? Or were you too excited and just sent it?" "I'm sorry daddy." She pouted looking down. "No, no it's not your fault. Okay let's, well actually you stay, I'll approach it." I stepped off the the porch and cautiously moved closer to the flaming horse. It turned to stare at me, small flames jetted from it's nostrils as it exhaled harshly. "Hey there, little, guy." I reached out a hand to which it whinnied at shaking its head and backing up. "Holy-" My wife had apparently come to check on us. "Umm, honey? What the hell is that?" "It's my pony!" Our daughter answered cheerfully. "It's from, from... Satan! That's what daddy said his name was." My wife glared at me. "Satan?" "No what I said, alright, the letter says it's from Satan. I told her to write a letter to Santa for the pony." I tried to explain. "Well at least, *he* delivers." I half mumbled. My wife shot me another glare. "I love Satan!" Our daughter declared loudly. I looked at my daughter and then back to my wife before bursting into laughter. My wife attempted to maintain her glare but soon failed joining me in a laugh. As I attempted to regain my composure I felt a sudden heat on my back and a blue fireball shot past my shoulder. I fell to the ground and crawled backward putting distance again between me and the nightmare, my daughter giggled at me. "Hey what's this package?" My wife asked. She tore open the sides and removed the contents. There was a black leather-like lead and a note: *Dear Eliza,* *I thank you for the letter, it is rare for me to receive one of its kind. I hope my gift to you is an acceptable one, I agree with your father that everyone should have fun in their life, that a fantasy is something to hope for. I do hope you enjoy this element of fantasy I have granted you. Inside is a lead suitable for ponies of his kind, I believe your father is capable of explaining to you enough about a nightmare for you to properly care for him.* *With regards, your friend,* *Satan* *P.S. He loves apples.* My wife read the letter outloud and looked up at me, I could tell she was as lost as I was. "Umm, Elly, how about we try and take your new pony to the back so he doesn't surprise anyone else." "Ok." She skipped down the porch and to her pony. "C'mon Blue." She waved her hand to the pony motioning to it to follow. It stood still staring with its deep red eyes at her. "Oh!" My wife called out. "He sent an apple along." She looked genuinely approving. She tossed the apple to me and I stood up waving the apple in its face. It began to neigh and quickly followed. "Wait!" Eliza yelled. "I wanna do it." She whined. I handed her the apple and she called to it making a snapping sound with her tongue. She took it through the gate and into the backyard. My wife hurried down the steps. "What the hell are we supposed to do with that?" "How should I know, I don't exactly think it comes with a return to sender address." I replied. "Well anything else this Christmas you asked Satan to make real from your books?" She mocked. "Hey, I didn't ask for that, Eliza asked for a pony, I said write a letter to *Santa*." "Well how the hell did he know that quote from your book?" "I don't know, maybe he's a fan." "Nice explanation, hey now it's my turn I'm gonna go write a letter to *Santa*." She gestured quotations in the air, mocking me. "I want magic like Cassie's." "Nice choice, I love you." I laughed. "Real quick though can we talk about the fact that we're openly discussing Satan like it's normal accepted conversation?" "No." She replied simply. "We've got a flaming horse in our backyard." She smiled and pointed over to the gate where our daughter was leading her *pony* in circles. "Have I mentioned I *really* love you." "You better. We can worry more about if the Devil is real later, for now let's worry about our daughter who's alone in the yard with her fiery pony." "Daddy!" My daughter screamed. "Blue sneezed and the bush is on fire!" I headed through the gate over to the small flame slowly heading down the branch. "Yeah, *you're* gonna need to teach him to *not* do that." _ [R/TheoreticalFictions](https://www.reddit.com/r/TheoreticalFictions) 