
Today is our second date. And our last. I'd hate to end it with Alice, but she's not worth dying for. None of them are. I roll up to her house in my 1970 Dodge Charger. She runs out of her front door, her heels in hand - rather than her feet- Her dress, blacker than my car, looked quite beautiful on her. I'm not going to lie, she is one of my favorites. In the looks department, It certainly helps that she stops aging in her teen years, like the rest of us. It allows us to grow old with their soulmate. It is quite an appealing quality. I am going to miss her. Alice opens the door and she squeals, "John! How in the hell did you get a car like this? It's so old, it has to be expensive!" "My dad is rich." I lied. It's best that she didn't know that a few centuries of life have allowed me to live in eternal luxury. "Well, perhaps I'll have to give you a rich time after the movie." She put her hand on my thigh. "I can't wait, hun." I hold her hand. It'll be the last time. I burn out of her street. I might as well give her a good thrill before the night is over. As we got to the mall, I ask her, "Hey, want to get some In N Out before we go in?" "Sounds good to me, babe". Good thing I wore my leather jacket. It makes adding Cyanide far easier. It helps that they come in packets identical to In N Out salt packets nowadays. We get our food in the drive thru, and I take her order of fries and switch her salt packet with the cyanide packet, with my perfected slight of hand. I give her the order of fries. Alice turns to me and says "You want to know something?" "What is that?" I ask her. "You're so insanely attractive." She pulls me by the collar of my jacket and we touch lips. Damn, do I like this girl. I close my eyes, and passionately kiss her. I might as well enjoy this surprise. A minute later, she pulls away and she says "Lets eat, hun. We're going to be late." We crack open our packets and put it in our separate orders of fries. I eat a few. Something is very wrong. It doesn't taste right. "Alice, does your fries taste weird?" "No. Why, does yours?" "Yeah." Then it hit me. I can't breathe, and I feel weak. "I...can't...breathe...help" I say, in between my short breaths. "You see, I can't do that. Like you, I plan on living forever." She says, in an eerily soft voice. "I've been around a few centuries, and your sham is the oldest trick in the book. I'll see you in the next life." Well played Alice. Well played. 