
"Be at peace." My Mom always said this small prayer any time we would see an animal in the road. No matter dog, rat, deer, snake, raccoon, or the smallest bird that no one would think twice about. If there was a poor little creature which had its life cut short by some person who was too busy rushing through their own, she would always pray. Soon after getting my license and my own car I found myself saying this same prayer. Maybe it was out of habit, maybe I thought that it is something everyone does, maybe because if I didn't then who would? Either way I never missed. Every animal, every time. Years went by, and even though I would get some weird looks from passengers, or ignorant comments by people who seem to think that the lives of creatures other than themselves have no meaning, I still prayed for them. All but one. "This is YOUR fault!" The words hit me hard, and so did the memories of an elk suddenly jumping in front of my car. The memories of pulling the wheel harder than I ever have before. The memories of a brown flash moving across my windshield. The memories of nothing at all. "I don't understand, what is my fault?" I slowly begin to notice the thousands of different animals greeting me, as if they know me. Not just as if they know me, but thankful to know me. "No not you, I will be with you in a moment." I was confused to say the least, but happy. As soon as I realized that I know these animals too. For some reason I can remember each and every one. I remember the small raccoon off of I-5, the beautiful porcupine next to Highway 41, the opossum I buried next to Third Street. "This is your fault. You know it is a special occasion today and I was under the impression that you would behave!" I now notice a man speaking to a very beautiful grey and white colored cat. Smokey. My cat. The one that ran away when I was 8 years old, the one I remember seeing from the school bus window a few blocks from my house. I knew it was her that day. The man was scolding Smokey for tearing up a piece of furniture that I'm assuming was for me to sit on. She was always a feisty one. He turned away after giving her a little pat on the head, no one can stay mad looking at that face. "Hello! These wonderful creatures are only here to give you a warm welcome, then they're back off to their own pieces of heaven. You are the reason they are here and they seem to be very thankful for that. Except Smokey seems to forget that not everything is a scratching post, my apologies." He turned to look at Smokey, but she was already preoccupied with playing around on something else. "Anyways, feel free to formally meet all these fine animals and enjoy yourself!" "Oh! And one last thing, someone very close to you must have the same tradition because we just received a new guest." At that moment the most beautiful Elk I have ever seen walked through the crowd to rest it's head on my lap. It seemed upset, but with a few words I knew would calm him. "Be at peace." 