
"Wow that movie was really good." Said Dave as he and his two friends exited the theater. "Oh yea," agreed Kevin, "The way they set up the twist was amazing. And the cinematography was incredible." "I really liked how they introduced the love interest as a Helen of Troy type, while also working in homages to Romeo and Juliet." Nodded Paul. "It was just... a really beautiful movie y'know?" said Dave wiping a tear from his eye. "Hey Dave, what are ya doing? Something in your eye?" Asked Kevin leaning in to inspect it. "Yea, yea, a piece of dust or something." Dave said brushing off his hand and blinking furiously. "Yea I heard it's supposed to be a dry fall this year." Said Paul as they walked away. The trio walked down the dusky streets of the city, lights and faces flashing past. They were halted at an intersection by a do not cross sign's halting neon hand. Kevin looked to their left and saw an elderly man curled under a newspaper, shivering on a bus stop bench. His eyes were closed while his bruised and gnarled fingers worked meekly along his arms, struggling impart warmth. Kevin quietly approached the man, inching close behind him. He outstretched his two hands and brought them together with a thunderous shock. The man shook awake, flailing as he fell off the bench. He outstretched his hands and dove forward at Kevin who easily sidestepped him and cackled again as the man fell to the ground. Paul, slapped Dave on the back and howled along with Kevin. Dave fidgeted uneasily and tried to look away. "Uhh, guys, the sign says we can cross." Dave offered meekly to stop the torment. "Don't worry about it, well get the next one." Replied Kevin, snatching the threaded cap from the old mans head. "Kevin, stop!" Shouted Dave, startling himself. Kevin froze and let the man steal back his hat and scurry off. His cold eyes leveled on Dave and he walked back to his friends. "Why do you care so much? He your daddy?" Kevin asked. "No, it was just getting old." Said Dave looking down. "I thought it was plenty funny." Breathed Paul down Dave's neck. "It's just. Like, what if you were in his position, y'know?" Said Dave returning Kevin's gaze. "No, I don't know." Said Kevin. "'Cause I never will be in his position. I'd rather die than be there anyway." "Well, y'know, maybe were not all so lucky." Said Dave crossing the street. "Everyone who's not a loser is 'that lucky.'" Said Paul following him. "Yea, are you gonna end up next to him? That your dream job?" poked Kevin in tow. "Just forget it." Said Dave putting his hands in his pocket. "No, I want to know. If you're going to end up like him, I want to know so I can save myself the embarrassment." Pushed Kevin. "Maybe!" Yelled Dave suddenly. "Maybe I will alright! Maybe I'm not perfect like you, like everyone else ok? My parents didn't G-map me. Which means I could end up like him. It means sometimes I can't control my emotions like everyone else seems to be able to. Sometimes things seem a little too hard, too impossible. It makes me have to work twice as hard for half the results. But it also means I can improve far past what you could imagine. It means nothing comes naturally so I have to fight for it. It means I can appreciate it more. I can be more proud, more awed by my own potential. And it means I can *feel* goddamnit. It means I feel sorry for that man, and sorry for both of you. It means I can be happy for people I've never met, and sad for them. It means casualties on the news are actual people to me, people with lives and loves and hopes and dreams, not statistics on a graphic, like you two see them. It means I know what it's like to be alive, and it means I cry at an incredibly touching movie!" Dave stood before them, his chest pistoning in and out furiously. His fists were balled and tears flowed down his eyes. His breath uneven, he looked back and forth between his friends. "Freak." Spat Kevin "Get lost you science experiment." Said Paul as they walked past him. 