
"Mom, why did you marry dad? He's so ugly." The Queen looked at Prince Edward, and scolded him while secretly chuckling to herself. Pulling up a chair next to the young prince's bed, she caressed his head and began to talk soothingly. "Your dad wasn't always ugly Edward. When we were young, he was a tall glass of water. A little wild for my taste back then, but no one could argue that he wasn't a looker." "But...you're the queen mom. You could have married anyone you wanted" "HA! Don't I know it! I was quite a beauty myself too. The Mace Queen, those were the good old days. I ruled my Queendom strictly, but fairly, with my trusty mace at my side." "You mean, excaliboulder?" "Yes! Excaliboulder! Your mom was never one to listen to prophecies, so she just took the sword with the stone in it, and decided to rule the land. It was a lot easier than I thought, in retrospect. Turns out it's a lot easier to convince people when you have a 200 pound boulder at your side all the time." "You were so strong Ma!" "Haha, and I still am Edward. But I wasn't the only one who was strong enough to lift that sword. Once in a blue moon, I'd come across someone else who was strong enough to use excaliboulder as well. Remember, back then, your mom had a lot of enemies. One day, while collecting taxes from a wealthy port village, a pirate came along and tried to kidnap me and hold me for a ransom." "Was the pirate dad?" "Heavens no! What is it with you children and jumping to conclusions all the time. No no, this pirate may have been ugly, but he wasn't your dad. The pirate, however, was also strong. Very strong. When he had me cornered in the alley, he picked up my mace, and swung it at me." "Did it hurt?" "Well...I never got hit. You see, just before I was about to have my face smashed in with a rock, a stranger jumped in front of me to shield me. As soon as the rock made contact with his face, the boulder slipped off! Now, everyone was astounded at what happened, and your mom used that split second of surprise to overpower the pirate!" "And...that stranger was Dad?" Prince Edward said hesitantingly "You got it! Your dad's face was horribly disfigured, but he had a kind heart, and eventually, we married. I was never one for politics for finance, but it turns out your dad was a very adept trader. He balanced the Queendom's debt, and made it a burgeoning hub for trade!" "And that's how I was born!" "You got it!" "Tell me Mom...do you think the prophecy came true after all? Dad is a King after all, and he may have not pulled the sword from the stone, but he definitely pulled the stone from the sword." "Maybe my little Prince...but like I said, I was never one for prophecies." 