
The demon looked irritated. He said, "Look, I'm on a schedule here, so for wasting my time, I'ma need your soul." I looked at him in shock. He rolled his eyes. "Listen, kid, we're in 2020. Selling your soul is the new thing. It's not that serious." My lip quivered. "But-but I don't want to sell my soul..." The demon pinched the bridge of his nose and muttered, "Fuck me. Listen, there's two ways this can go." He raised two fingers with the letters *F* AND *U* written in black nail polish. "You *sell* me your soul and you get one wish granted in return as payment. *Or* I get some buddies and we fuck up your life so bad, you'll be begging us to take your soul. And we will, but you'll get nothing in return for it." "Y-you're bluffing." "Oh really? Well, let's see," he said. He tapped his chin then looked at me with a grin. "Does the name Jessica Walsh sound familiar to you?" I quirked a brow. "My coworker?" "Then one you told you would love to bend over in the supply closet." He nodded. "I was impressed." "What?! I never said that!" "That's not what she's going to tell HR on Monday," he hinted, smiling as the realization crept into my eyes. "See, *when* you sell your soul to us you become, in effect, a sleeper agent for us. Sometimes we may need you to do us little 'favors' - nothing too big or fancy, maybe a word here, a little act there. But, the world is so big now and we have so many people working for us that we may never even need to use you. Heck, you guys practically destroy yourselves." He chuckled. I looked away. "What type of wishes do I get if I sell you my soul?" "It has to be within reason," he said. "You can't wish to be the best singer in the world and you've never sung a note. And it can't be too sudden. You can't wish for a million dollars to appear in your bank account by tomorrow. We'd have to arrange for you to win lotto, or marry an old heiress that's close to her deathbed or something. Oh, and *please*," he stressed, "don't try to wish for more wishes." "Then I wish a virus spread across the whole world where everyone would have to stay inside." 