
Outside behind my bar with their head down, sat the hero everyone adored and cheered for. Though they were dressed in their everyday clothing, I knew them. Their real identity. It's why I quit being a villain, I didn't have the heart to fight a kid this young. They were 14 when I learned of their age, when I decided to get my shit in order, and make something of myself. Seeing them like this now made that guilt well back up, reminding me of the piece of murderous trash I was. I approached, trying to stay as nonchalant as one could be in this situation, and kicked their foot, "Hey, kid. You can't sleep here. Go home." I told them, not wanting to see them anymore. Their head rolled limply, as they fell onto their side, looking worse than any trouncing they received from any villain in this city; their face black and blue, nose bleeding, cheeks sunken, looking like they hadn't eaten for days. My heart stopped, was the kid dead? I panicked, as I dropped the garbage I was bringing out, and shook them, "Hey... hey kid!" I yelled, "S-shit... an ambulance..." I stammered as I fumbled with my phone. The kids eyelids flickered a bit, "Don't..." they said as they weakly covered the phone, "I'm okay..." they smiled brightly, most certainly to reassure me, "I'll... I'll leave..." they added as they struggled to get up. I watched, frozen for a moment reminded of every time they would get up during our fights. I felt disgusted with myself once again. Frustration boiled up inside of me as I grabbed the kid, "Just get inside, idiot." I growled, pissed at myself. Were they like this back then too? After our fights? Stupid kid. Kids shouldn't have to put on a brave face. "Fuck." I cursed as I dragged the kid to the side of the building that was my home. I threw them onto the couch, and grabbed a tupperware of leftover pasta out of the fridge. "Eat." I commanded as I stormed out of the room. I could hear the kid thank me, as I stomped back over to the bar. The rest of the work night was a blur filled with dread, and self loathing. I hated the villain that did this to the kid, but at the same time, I used to be the villain who would do that. I could feel my jaw clench everytime I wanted to punch myself. Once the last customer filtered out of the bar, my heart was pounding with dread. It was like I had forgotten how to breath as I closed up shop. I had to go back into that room, past the kid, and be reminded of my monumental stupidity and worthlessness. I took a moment and forced myself to breathe. "Coward." I muttered to myself as I went inside my home. There the kid was, looking a little more cleaned up, and smiling like the kind idiot they were. "Thanks." They said as they gestured to the tupperware that was now clean and sitting next to the sink to dry. I waved my hand dismissively, as if to say 'don't mention it,' because, I truly did not wish to talk with them. I didn't want to know. I tried walking past them, I really did, as they started crying, thanking me over and over. I stood there froze in place, as they poured their heart out to me. Horrified? Sickened? Rage? I don't know which one would describe how I felt while the kid talked. I didn't know what to say to them, as I stood there when they finished. The silence between us was crushing. "S...sorry..." the kid said, holding back their tears. "I shouldn't have said anything... please... don't tell anyone..." they added as they seemed to curl up. "I don't want to get my parents in trouble..." 'Stupid idiot,' I thought to myself, 'say something!' I opened my mouth, "Stay as long as you like." I managed to say, before retreating to my bedroom. I had to be the biggest idiot coward of all. I ran away again. I was even too much of a coward to pay for my crimes, how could I be brave here? I punched my fist through my wall. "Fuck!" I muttered angrily. Stupid kid. stupid fucked up filthy world. I laid for hours, as I stared at the ceiling, thinking about the kid. What the fuck was I supposed to do? I'm not a hero, damn it! I turned onto my side, frustrated. My eyes landed on my mirror, on my reflection. I grimaced, before I realised. I'm not a hero. I shot up in bed, feeling solemn, as I briskly walked to my closet. 'It's been too long.' I thought as I pulled my villain costume out of my closet and donned it after all this time. I'm no hero, I thought, as I took off into the night. I'm a murderer. 