
"Happy birthday, Steven!" The mail carrier smiled and handed me a yellow envelope. "Thanks, Barry," I said, trying to hide my excitement. I had been waiting for this my whole life. I was twenty-one years old today, and as such, the government had sent me a check. Enough money to survive the rest of my life. I'd still have to work, of course, but it would be a lot less stressful. I hurried inside and tore the corner of the envelope, nearly ripping the check in the process. I pulled out the letter it came with, tossed it aside, and then grabbed the check. My smile faded. Seven dollars and twenty-seven cents. *There must be some mistake,* I thought. I retrieved the letter and skimmed it; it contained the same generic words they always did. I stood for a moment, dumbfounded, unsure of what to do. I decided to head to the local government office, hoping they'd be able to figure out what went wrong. It must have been a clerical error, I decided. Seven dollars wouldn't even get me through the day, let alone the rest of my life. When I arrived, I found the office filled with people. From the conversations I overheard, I wasn't the only one to receive a faulty check. It put my mind at ease; clearly a mistake was made, in masse, and would be righted soon. But when a man stood on the counter and asked for quiet, my stomach sank. "We are aware of your small checks," the man said with a shaky voice. "It was not a mistake. You get what you get. There are no appeals." The crowd erupted into a mix of questions and obscenities. Fearing things might turn violent, I slipped out and returned to the street. I tried to make sense of the situation. Perhaps there was to be some sort of change to our financial structure. Maybe seven dollars would be enough after all, and we just didnt realize it yet. I looked up to the sky, pondering. And that's when I saw it: an orange streak moving through the clouds, smoke trailing behind it. Then another. A man exited the building behind me and gazed at the objects flying through the air. "Guess this is it," he said. I felt helpless, defeated, and somehow... peaceful. I looked down at the check in my hand and chuckled. "Guess this is more than we needed after all," I said. r/Ford9863 