
"By the gods, the foul beast has put a spell on you!" The cleric in a shining silver breastplate pressed forward, towards the town greeter, Tim. Tim pushed on the gleaming metal, trying to push the massive divine worshiper back, away from the town. Somehow the cleric had gotten word about the mayor. Sometimes, Tim wished the mayor hadn't come to the town, for all the trouble he invites just by being there. But since he came, the farmers had increased their efficiency and produce yield steadily each year, the weavers and seamstresses had gained skills they hadn't before, making their textiles sought after throughout the land, and the bakers had received recipes for pastries from far off lands, making the town famous as a gourmet getaway. "No, you don't understan-" "Hold still, I'll cure your mind!" The cleric grabbed Tim's arms and before he knew it, the large man glowed with holy light. The light coalesced into the man's arms, traveling down their length, through his hands, and Tim felt a brief warmth that he had never felt before. "There, I have restored your faculties! Any brainwashing or spells affecting your mind should be gone." The large man sounded exceedingly confident. "That felt very nice, I'll give you that, but you don't understand. Yeah, the mayor is undead, but that doesn't mean he's a bad guy!" "WHAT?! How in the realms?! How did you resist my curative magic?" The cleric was taken aback. Literally, he stepped backwards, throwing his arms up in front of him. "Because I'm not bloody well brainwashed, you ninny!" Tim gave the musclebound, well-meaning idiot a shove, "Is it really that hard to believe? You don't know what kind of person he was before he became a Vampire. From what he's done for us, we've discovered how benevolent he is! All we have to do is give him a cup of blood every week and he keeps us safe and teaches us trades that we never had before." He held up the woven town emblem, crafted with such intricate detail that hands of people dancing on it, even the fangs on the picture of the mayor looked real. "Do you think we would have been able to do this if we didn't have help? Hells no! We were a tiny village on the outskirts of a small kingdom!" "Surely if you-..." "You really are a bloody ninny, aren't you! All of you adventurers are!" Tim looked the man over, "AHA! That standard on your chest is one of ours! Your chapter master commissioned several hundred of them a couple of years back. Judging by the stitching around the edges it was Marta's work. Hold on a minute," he walked over to the doorway of a nearby building, "HEY! MARTA! Come tell this moron who taught you how to make stuff!" Marta came out of the building, straightening her beautiful silk dress, embroidered with what seemed to be real roses. "Quit your yelling!" She looked angrily at Tim, then glanced over at the cleric, "Oh hey, that's one of my standards that I did for that Poletar guy. Wasn't he some bigshot from the next kingdom over?" The cleric looked absolutely mortified that his chapter master had commissioned the standards that he distributed to all new recruits from THIS town of all places. "What did you want me to tell him?" "Tell him who taught you your craft! Geez, woman, weren't you listening?" Tim poked Marta's shoulder accusingly. "Alright, alright, don't get your knickers in a twist," Marta looked into the cleric's eyes and spoke with purpose, "You'll be happy to know that I was taught by our mayor. He taught all us seamstresses how to weave and sew with the detail and precision that you and yours enjoy wearing each and every day. And yes, he is a vampire. So what? He doesn't even bite anyone!" The cleric was taken aback again. "What?! How does the vile beast not give in to his unholy urges?!" Tim stepped forward again. "Like I said, when you OBVIOUSLY weren't listening, we give him a cup of blood a week," he held up his arm and displayed a small scar on his arm, "We cut our arms and bleed into a cup, well...it's more of a bowl, really. We bleed into it, hand it over to him and he heals the cut afterwards." He looked behind the cleric, into the sky for a moment, "In fact, if you're able to stick around for a few minutes, I'll introduce you to him. He's a great guy!" Seeing an opportunity to attack the vile creature and end it's reign over the township, no matter what the local populace felt, the cleric agreed and they walked over to the town hall, waiting for the sun to set. A few minutes later, darkness fell over the land around them and there came a rustling from the inside of the building. The cleric fingered his holy symbol and quietly gripped his shining heavy maul. The door to the town hall opened with a creak. "BROTHER FELIX?!?" The cleric gasped. "Oh! Brother Harold! Welcome to my town!" the vampire replied. --- More at r/SamsStoriesSub 