
My friends couldn't wait for their Meetings, but I, for one, dreaded its coming. Meeting my future self? What if I become some kind of failure, or a terrible person? What if I'm sick and broken or hysterical? I don't want to know how it all falls apart, what becomes of a guy like me. I've already gotten a glimpse of it through the harsh words of instructors and my dad over aptitude scores through the years. So when the day finally came, and I waited near shut doors in a hallway of white, I was sweating and shivering. The attendant running the main desk smiled weakly at me through holoscreens. "It's okay, lots of people are nervous going in," she said. "Yeah." I nodded, twitching a half-smile at her, and returned my eyes to the floor. Pneumatics hissed, and my breath caught, knowing the door had opened though I refused to look inside. "It's ready," she said, still sitting at her desk. I drew a deep breath and held it as I walked in, keeping my eyes low. Inside was a cozy room, with plenty of seats, a real fire burning at the center, and not a screen in sight to distract us with. It felt archaic, but relaxing in a way. And there I was, smiling by the fire, somewhere between the ages of 40 and 50. My hair was neat, peppered with gray, and I had a solid beard that complimented a sharp grey suit. "Hey," I-- well, he -- said. "Want a drink? Great whiskey. You're 18 now, and may as well get used to whiskey cause I love this shit." I smiled, nodding. "Hell yeah." "Come, take a seat." Settling into a comfortable silk couch, I accepted the crystal glass filled with liquid bronze. It smelled like wood and ash, and tasted like it, too. I coughed after the first sip. "Ah, that's the spirit," he said, laughing. "Now, that should help you warm up. I know you don't like strangers a whole lot, but, well... I'm you. Ask some questions." My eyes met his. "You look different than I expected." "And what did you expect?" I shrugged. "I dunno, something... less put-together, I guess." "I know you're struggling now, but it gets better. You're a smart kid, you know, smarter than the tests tell you." "Really?" He nodded. "Really. Life is great for me, actually. Lovely wife, nice home, nothing too ridiculous like a virtual island but things are nice. A lot better than I thought they'd be." My brows knitted. "But how? What do you do for a living?" He cleared his throat. "Well, I'm an AI broker. Fascinating creatures, and managing their contracts is good work." *AI broker? I love tech, but AI freaks me out.* "Why'd you go down that route?" "Someone offered me a job, and I took it. Can't tell you too much, obviously." I shifted in my seat. "Well, how did you get over all the... you know." His face flickered. "The what?" My brows slowly relaxed, and I avoided his hard gaze. "Tell me your darkest secret." He started. "I don't have any. My life is pretty simple, as you can imagine." "Bullshit. Tell me something you know that other people don't know about you. Or me, I guess." His laugh was nervous, I could tell. "I can't get too detailed and throw the timeline off." "You said you have no secrets, but I have one, so you have to. Roll up your sleeves, to the elbow." "This is getting hostile, and I don't think we should continue. It may not be good for either of us." I rose. "Roll up your fucking sleeves." He stood as well, but I rushed in, pulling my tablet stylus and pressing it to his throat before he could balance himself. "You don't want to do this," he said through teeth bared. I pressed harder. "Tell me." He hissed through his teeth, breaths jagged. "Alright! Fuck, kid, alright. You're going to regret this... I'm not you." I pulled back, and he rubbed at his neck. "Who are you, then? Why are you pretending to be me?" His eyes shied to the floor, sighing. "Because you don't live long enough to have a future self. They don't tell actors the details, but that's the only time we get called in. Sorry, kid, but you're the one that made me tell you." My stylus clattered against the ground. ---- */r/resonatingfury* 