
After years of work, test day finally came. Henry was so excited about the impending first test hop in his time machine. Just one push of a button, and back poof. Back to the distant past. First came the pre-flight safety check. Capacitors charged? Check. Solid Surface Safety Protocols in place? Double-check. Henry was really proud of this one, he didn't want to accidentally end up on a pond or a river and short out his time machine, stranding him in the past. The SSSP was a brilliant piece of programming. Using the magnetic field of the planet, gravity sensing, and even acoustic measurements to make certain the time machine wouldn't materialize anywhere but on flat solid ground. After about an hour of more preflight checks, Henry finally was ready to start. Setting the clock for -50,000,000 years BCE he took a deep breath, and pressed the start button. A bright light appeared everywhere around him, and then darkness, broken only by occasional flashes of light, and the sound of the machine's preprogrammed voice. "Temporal detachment successful. Approaching target destination. Error, no solid ground detected. Engaging SSSP" Sweating profusely with anxiety Henry kept his finger over a button marked *Cancel Rematerialization.* "Why is it still black? I should at least have seen something!" He wondered aloud. "Gravity well identified," spoke the machine. "Magnetic field not detected." "What the hell is going on?" Wondered Henry. "Gravity well identified. Magnetic field identified. Acoustic amplifier engaged." Spoke the machine." Light started to return and Henry relaxed. He didn't take his finger off the emergency button until he saw the light coalesce into a floor, and what clearly resembled man made equipment in front of him. The time distortion ended, and the machine fully rematerialized. Henry looked around in shock. He was in a long, and huge corridor with a huge pipe running through it. Alarm klaxons sounded, and he stepped down from his time machine just before it lurched away suddenly! It flew straight at the side of the pipe and smashed into a million pieces from the force of the collision. The alarm klaxons changed tone, and some odd language Henry couldn't identify blared over unseen speakers. A few minutes later, Two creatures emerged from a door he hadn't noticed. They were quadrapeds, no nake that hexapeds? They had 4 legs, and two arms? Tentacles? Clearly not human whatever they were. They reminded him vaguely of a cross between a Centaur and an octopus. They spoke loudly in the foreign language, Henry replied in English:. "I have no clue what the hell you are saying, or even um well, "when I am." One of the creatures pulled a flat object from something that resembled a saddlebag. A touchscreen lit up, and after many more attempts to communicate with Henry, he started to hear English coming from the tablet style device. "Can you understand me?" "Yes!" He replied with relief. "Where am I? When am I? I was supposed to be 50 million years in my past, but this can't be right?" "Universal Translator settings saved" spoke the tablet. Then the creature started speaking, and the tablet started translating." "Who are you. And what are you doing here? Your machine just damaged one of the superconducting coils on our particle accelerator. No ferromagnetic elements are allowed in the equatorial tunnel!" "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to be here. I just started the first test of my time machine, and went 50 million years backwards, but this can't be right!" The creature's reply was terse and a little condescending: *"Please* tell me you accounted for the movement of your planet, star, and galaxy, over all that time?" "Fuck" replied Henry. "I just *knew* I forgot something."  While he wondered just how far of a distance the Earth covered over 50 million years. "Come with us" said the creature. "We'll get some science out of this day one way or another." "I am soooooo screwed." Groused Henry as they lead him away... 