
"'Sup dongles! Terrorbyte here! Decided I was going to do a surprise livestream today, but we're gonna keep it low key. Just a bank robbery. You know, sometimes, you need to go back to basics." Especially after you saw the price on that laser. How were you supposed to know the prices for those lasers would jump like that? "Now, you think, aw gee Rick isn't this too easy for someone like you? SHUT UP MORTY! Bank robberies are not something you can just do on a whim. It takes planning, preparation, and... you know, just to cut this PSA short, don't try this at home. Leave this to trained professionals. By which I mean criminals." You had the place staked out. You knew police response times, operating procedures, and background for this bank. You also knew who was watching. Despite trying to hide, you could see Captain Courage was in the livechat. When you started your supervillain career, you needed a gimmick. Computers were trendy, but didn't have enough oomph. That and your ability to breach systems and control what you wanted... Terrorbyte was gimmicky. Terror plus Terabyte, worked well. You thought about henchmen, but they would only be muscle and your crimes weren't going to be heavy muscle. But then, you wouldn't have anyone to appreciate your work. And that's when it hit you. Social media. Once you had the trojans in place, they couldn't kick you. Twitter and Facebook have been trying to ban you, but you made your account untouchable. Twitch tried a couple times, but gave up. 750,000 followers was nothing to sneeze at. They couldn't make you a partner, but they were making money. You considered TikTok and Insta, but most superheroes used those extensively. Kinda soured it for you. You thought about OnlyFans and kept away from that like the plague. It was bad enough, but when The Velvet Kitten decided to retire from superhero business and went exclusively there, no superhero or villain would go on there. Publicly at least. You were an overnight success. Starting with kidnapping the mayor was pretty part and parcel for supervillains, but damn if it didn't get attention anyway. There was the fight with Captain Courage. This guy was either in the city's pocket or just a really big fan of truth, justice, and the boring way. He showed up. There was a throw down. You managed to escape "just barely" and uploaded *everything*. One of your more popular photos was the closeup of Captain Courage's... *ahem*... "courage." You'd be lying if you said you didn't like what you saw. So would about 5.7 million likes. God bless spandex. "Here we go!" You burst into the bank. "Everyone down! This is a robbery!" Your camera drone followed you and focused on the people who went on the floor. You leapt over the counters and started grabbing cash. You weren't really needing *this* money, but you needed to make a show. "Now, police response time to this location is about 2 minutes 15 seconds. That's means I've got about another minute before--" *BOOM* Through a wall stood the city's protector, Captain Courage, in full splendor. And if he followed script... "Stop evildoer!" Right on cue. "Your reign of terror shall go no further!" "Oh would you look at that. It's Captain Courage! How ever did you get here so quickly? Not even the police have shown up!" You were doing your best not to sound mocking or sarcastic. "Your hubris has been your undoing! I found your livestream and came as soon as I knew which bank you were robbing." You threw your hand up across your forehead. "Oh no, hoisted by my own petard! I should have known you'd come after me when I tried to rob a *mob bank!*" Oh, this was the good part. Banks have a history. And you had done your homework. "Did you think I'd let you... wait." And there it was, hook line and sinker. "What are you talking about?" "You didn't know? 1972, bank was founded by Amelio Vergessi. He was later indicted on 43 counts, including money laundering, extortion, and blackmail. Thing was, they didn't know about this bank. This was one of his fronts. Still is. Run and owned by the Vergessi family. Captain, you know I know how to learn these things. "Especially information I shouldn't!" He knew what you were talking about. You had confronted him about it before and he reacted... not so favorably. Just like OH CRAP! You barely managed to dodge as his fist shattered the vault door. The door that was sealed and would take hours to crack. In one blow. That was all you needed. You commanded your stealth drone to attack. See, Captain Courage had one weakness: electricity. His suit was designed to redirect such attacks, but it had a weakness: power. It could buffer and negate high amperage. Low amperage though? The drone taser got him right in the neck and he fell to the floor like a limp fish. You looked at the camera. "Now see dongles, this is why you don't let your emotions get the better of you. Otherwise, you could turn someone's cash grab..." Your camera panned to the center of the vault to show a large ruby. Not just any ruby, the Kerminlitz Ruby, third largest and said to be cursed by a corrupt prince. "...into a proper heist." This was going to get so many likes. 