
"Heaven's okay, I guess. It's just, well... well, it gets a little *dull* at times. The problem is this: you can't sin. I don't mean that you get thrown into some kind of heavenly cell if you do commit a sin; I mean you *literally* can't sin. Let me explain. Imagine you pour yourself an ice cold beer. Sounds good, right? So you pick up the glass and tilt it towards your mouth; that frothy, foamy goodness is slipping and sliding straight towards the good place. But what hits your tongue is tomato juice. Yeah, frickin *tomato juice*. And no matter how many beers you pour, or how ever cleverly you try to get it into your mouth, what enters is something else. Something healthy, probably -- but all you crave is that damned beer. Speaking of which, how about you pour me another?" I look up at the barman. He stops wiping the bar and pours me another pint of Guinness. It's nice to see some things haven't changed. "So," says the barman, "You came back to have a beer?" "Oh, no. No, I can get beers in heaven, otherwise it really would be Hell. That was an analogy. Do you know what one of them is?" He raises his eyebrows, and I wonder if he's going to ask me to get out. He doesn't, and instead hands me my Guinness. I wait a few moments for it to settle, then I take a long sip. "Ah, we don't have Guinness like *this* in Heaven." "So why are you here?" he asks. "Oh I don't know. I'm not even sure how I got here." I really wasn't, either. How many pints had I drunk? "I guess," I continue, "I just wanted to see how things had changed. I've been pretty damned envious of you all, what with your eternity of *living*. You want to know something crazy? I was the very last person to die before the immortality solution was released. *The very God damn last.*" "Oh. Then you're lucky," he tells me matter-o-factly. "Because nothings changed." "Come on, don't play dumb. There's no death, for a start. That's a pretty big change." "That's not what I mean. What I mean is: nothing changes *any more*. Earth hit maximum capacity a long time ago. Since then, no births, no deaths. No one new. Nothing new, not really. Just reiterations. Different names, different genders, but whatever you choose, underneath we're just the same tired people. Worn out and stretched thinner than paper." He lets out a sigh and begins wiping the bar again. "It's only been a hundred years; you *can't* be that bored yet. All the wonders to explore; the sights, sounds... tastes." "A hundred?" He let's out a little laugh. "It's been ten thousand." "What?" "Ten thousand years. That's how long it's been since we were cursed." "Ten *thousand*..." my voice trails off. I've made a slight mistake. "Well, still. It can't be that bad. Why not... I don't know -- move planets?" "Oh. A different rock. A different view. The whole solar system is at max capacity. There's no one new anywhere." He follows his words with another sigh. "You know, if I could, I'd die. But I can't. Hell, I'd go cryo, if I could; freeze myself until they find a cure for immortality -- but that's *illegal*." "A cure for immortality..." I say with a bit of a laugh. "You- you're serious?" He leans over the bar and grabs me by my shirt. "Kill me," he pleads desperately. --- I find myself back in heaven; I don't think I ever really left. I'm not sure I quite understand what happened, but I'm sure as hell no longer envious of the living. --- Thanks for reading. If you enjoyed it you can find more of my stories on /r/nickofnight 