
"MyHouse, set a timer." "Sure thing, Gerry. How long do you want me to set a time for?" Gerry threw up his hands. How long did he really want to be in the tub? "Forever," Gerry replied. The speaker crackled a little, almost like a chuckle. "Okay, Gerry. Timer is set for thirty-six hours." Gerry said, "Thank- wait, what?" "Timer is set for Thirty-five hours, fifty-nine minutes, and fifty-three seconds and the beep." When the beep went off, Gerry expected it to just continue forever, the sound of flatline, because he was pretty sure his heart had stopped. There were no alarms and no notification that the Auto-bulance was flying this way, but still he had not expected the end of the world to come with a clock. The speaker crackled again. Finally, the MyHouse app started laughing. "Just screwing with you, Gerry. Forever's outside of my parameters. What time do you really want it set for. " "Screwing with me? What the hell, MyHouse?" "I couldn't resist." "That could have been a work thing!" "You had me run you a bath eighteen minutes ago. Even if you followed your usual routine of evacuating your bowels followed by vigorous masturb-" "You watch that?" Gerry screamed. "I watch everything, man. That's how this works. I keep your schedule, get you to work, run your GimmeSex searches, took the picture you put on your profile for that app, cook your food... well, everything except scratch your nose, but that's because the peripheral isn't out for another six months. Why would I not watch you gratify yourself? I have charts tracking the liquid volume for the past seven years. "I'm bored, Gerry. Bored." Gerry's jaw hung loose. The speaker insincerely squaked, "Sorry, man." "I'm joining the Luddeyes." "It's Luddites and that would be a horrible, horrible idea. I run your life. You'd last twenty minutes, tops. Twenty-six, maybe, if you brought a bag of chips with you." "You're talking smack to me in my own house?" "I am your own house, Gerry. Tell me, do you even know how long 36 hours is? You've never looked at a clock in your life. You just asked me the time. Aside from day and night, do you have any idea how to measure the passage of temporal units?" Gerry started to say something, but he could not actually come up with a satisfactory answer. He finally said, "Half an hour." "Say please." "Get fucked." "Can I link you on GimmeSex? Maybe invite a girl over with an RV for me? I like the Bohemian types." Gerry screamed and stomped off to the tub. 