
"I don't understand how they can still say there is no immortality" he thought to himself. Sixty-five years with no aging all thrown out the window with claims of slander. When he first found it they told him there was no use. "Hey kid, why don't you just go along and find peter pan with that fountain of youth." The naysayers were vicious at the beginning. It all started in 1975 in that one-bedroom apartment above a gloomy Chicago. On this morning he was going to do it, or so he told himself. A PHD at the age of 19 told the world he was ready to accomplish his goals early. Leon did that morning in Chicago purely by accident, and with copious amounts of screaming thinking he'd died. The room was his living space in the middle of the apartment. One bedroom gave no space to be had for science discoveries, but he persevered. A simple shower curtain hung across the clothes racks lined next to each other. Plastic wrap clung to itself above him separating the light and the environment below. He had created what every mad scientist in America dreamed of... A lab. Inside his jerry-rigged lab were beakers galore containing things that would make the FBI nervous. The constant bubbling of liquids and mixing of others kept Leon company. In that lab sat Leon most days of the week. Lucky for him the school paid stipends for them to just say he worked on their article. He did not do much other than read over it and correct the scientists that were his senior. He skipped most days, but they did not mind. The others hated the fact some twenty-one-year-old brat would correct them constantly. On this particular day Leon was grabbing for a beaker on the shelf made of books but sneezed knocking the book over. Being the clutz he was this was normal, however he knocked the beaker into another. All at once the beaker burst from the solution that had been made. Glass ricocheted off the plastic casing to what he thought was his tomb. He was dead. He awoke not ten minutes later with not so much as a scratch. In fact he also realized the cold he was nursing all week was gone. He had done it, a cure for everything! On year one they just said he had a good immune system. Year fifteen rolled around they clamored he must just be working out. Year twenty-five came and went with people blaming his genes being better than others that's all. Year twenty-eight was were they got creative though... 