
"VICTORY FOR THE EMPEROR, ETERNAL AND UNDEFEATED!!!" Again, I stand victorious. Nearing a thousand worlds, and to this day I reign supreme by right of my unrivalled and unquestionable might. As before, so again. This worlds only difference is the failure of its people to produce a champion to unite them. All others had a leader, chosen by often inferior means, a single opponent who I need but break to demonstrate my glory to their race. Here, the people have divided their planet by land mass, producing variants and leaders of their own. Early analysis suggests there may be as many as a dozen separate peoples, the highest yet seen. I will crush them as all before them. Four down. --- "VICTORY FOR THE EMPEROR, ETERNAL AND UNDEFEATED!!!" Again, I stand victorious. This world's people are absolutely insane, my first act as their ruler will be tear every governance system and political border they've devised into scrap and reduce all who participated in the mess to a gas. 84. I have slain *84* of their leaders and yet to this day I have failed to conquer even *half* of a *single planet*. Our court established a law long past, that in the event a world had multiple leaders, to ensure a battle at full strength I would defeat a single leader per a full day on our planet. To humans, this is a single battle roughly every 243 of their days. Yet still, I have yet to conquer even *half* of them. Mad, all of them. --- "VICTORY FOR THE EMPEROR, ETERNAL AND UNDEFEATED!!!" Again, I stand victorious. I have grown to loathe this planet and its people in kind. Upon my arrival, there were 197 recognized lands among what passes for civilization for the humans. 197 leaders to defeat. Yet here I stand, 248 victories later, the job yet undone. Their species breeds a new generation in but *120* days! This is not the fastest in even this galaxy by any stretch, but their *leadership* tends to last only a fraction of this time! By the time I had defeated all 197, the remaining lands had splintered and fractured so many times over that I dare not even guess how many new leaders have risen. This is not even an attempt to manipulate us! Long before this ridiculous species even dared *imagine* my existence they had *single towns* who commanded a space measured in *tens of kilometers*. Yet they are recognized as distinct! As sovereigns! I have remained here so long I have learned their measurement systems, another thing which I shall uproot in its entirety. I briefly entertained merely dusting the entire planet, yet to change the law which I myself placed I must defeat a clone of myself from that time, and while the humans were initially without threat as time passed I found I cannot spare the strength to defeat my old self while conquering them. Still, the majority of this planet and its people are conquered. Surely they can only fracture so far, produce only so many leaders for me to vanquish before they are broken. --- "VICTORY FOR THE EMPEROR, ETERNAL AND UNDEFEATED!!!" Again, I stand victorious. Yet for the first time, I fear it may not always be so. The remaining humans are all located in the what they call Eastern Asia, the rest conquered, enslaved, and shipped off world to ensure they could incite no further rebellions and produce no further leaders. Yet as a species they have persisted for so long. Each battle, I face a leader manifested with a new act of daring, a new blasphemy upon their *own selves* designed to see me defeated. Most replaced parts of themselves with metal. Grafting weapons into their very bodies, yet their feeble weaponry was ultimately of no challenge to my superiority. Now, however... they have brought forth a new atrocity. With each battle, I find myself growing weaker. With each battle, I find myself stabbed, injected with some new concoction. In nearly a thousand worlds, I have never faced its like. They call it biochemical warfare. A mere day is no longer enough to recover my strength, yet by my own law the battles cannot by halted. By a law I no longer have the strength to overturn. 973 planets did I conquer, and now, at the 974th, for the first time... I question my own victory. 