
Part 1: "Well that's not entirely true, Goresh" the first alien responded. "How about... Well, what about..." The commander was frantically scrambling to find any case of this in the ship's database but no matter how many results his implant threw at him he realised none of them fitted this situation. "Okay maybe it is new, so what?" the commander finally asked. "So what?, General this is the first war species we have found that ever sent individuals outside of their home gravity well. They might have done it in tin cans, they might have done it to show their technical proficiency, but it wasn't done for fighting directly. Do you not think it remarkable that the first war species to explore beyond their home is also the first to fight not for personal gain, but for the benefit of their children?". This made the commander pause for a second, as much as Goresh was a smart ass most of the time, this is exactly why Hoerum asked him to come and paid his parents more then he had any parent in his career. Goresh didn't just know about a lot of fields, he saw motives where most researchers only looked at numbers. Then finally a desperate query form the computer appeared in Hoerum's mind and he asked the young scientist "What about the other species we found in this solar system?". This made Goresh pause for a second, his tail shaking with concentration. "I think that they might have been similar now that you say it, the documentation is very poor since this was during the first dynasty. I think they cleansed the planet, the occupants were too dangerous. They were able to be focused on war and yet live in a harmonious society. They had colonies all over this solar system, including this planet where the humans now live". The eyes of the scientist went wide with realisation. "The humans and the other species where both A3-type DNA species. There used to be a lot of them on this planet a long time ago, and there have been reports in the past of compatible lifeforms absorbing DNA from past colonisers. Damm, those humans looked too different from the other creatures on the planet. We need to get a sample of the DNA from that other species, NOW". The general was a bit slower to catch on, "Are you suggesting that there is even a possibility these humans carry the DNA of one of the three sentient species we ever wiped out?".Goresh looked at Hoerum for a second and then responded with an uncharacteristic shutter in his voice "I am not saying it is possible, I am saying it is very propable. We need to send a warning the royal family right now. For once in our history, we need to be careful again, because the men from mars live on, and they have ambition again". Thanks for reading my story and please leave feedback, I would love to hear your opinion and improve my writing! Edit: Part 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6 in the comments. 