
*"It shows up, we have no knowledge of why it's there. The average human being is not worried about it because they don't know it exists. We have no idea what it symmetrizes because it only appears to symmetrize itself."* --Eric Weinstein *** "Are you sure about this, sir?" Milena asked. "We could do more testing, it's not like-" "You said it's safe?" rumbled the big man in the suit, looking over his shoulder at me. For the last five years, I've been working at a place that people most commonly refer to as Area 51. Over the years I've come to learn that there is more than one Area 51. All across the country, there are massive underground laboratories based near airports, train stations, and other busy locations where the fluctuations in electricity will go undetected. In these research facilities, the brightest people from all science fields are brought together to conduct top-secret cutting-edge experiments and solve the mysteries of the universe. "I said it appears to be stable," I corrected him. "And you said before that it could be opened?" "Well, technically it's not opening it... it's more like-" "But it can be done, right?" His voice was tense. "We have a lot resting on this. Big names are invested." Milena gave me a concerned look. "I believe we can, sir," I said quickly, ignoring my colleague. Through a series of winding corridors and elevators, we arrived at the gate to our department. The general buzzed us through. The Mathematics and Astrophysics Department (cleverly nicknamed MAD by the employees) was more of a self-sustaining underground city than a science department. It was a rather calm environment compared to the Biology, Weapons, and X Departments. "All right," said the general. "Thirty minutes - bring everyone relevant here - let's open it up." *** The air whooshed from the pressure chamber's walls. Who would've thought my little discovery with the F-T Magic Square would lead to a breakthrough into solving the E8. So many dimensions and this was only the first one that we were going to bring into our reality (or rather, bring ours into theirs). I looked up at all the people in the gallery. Faces I'd never seen before were here. People from Department X. I felt a bead of liquid stress roll down my forehead. The team gathered around me consisted of a brutal man, some with arms as thick as my thighs, carrying the strangest weapons I'd ever seen. The lights turned green, and the shifting symbols on the screen started to align themselves. The portal shuddered. I looked at the general who gave me a solemn thumbs-up. I activated it. At first, an odd flicker surged through in the room, almost like when a cartoon character gets electrocuted. Then the air filled with strange drifting mucus. It looked like ashes, but it was clearly made of living tissue - or tissue that had been living at some point. A dark, guttural sound streamed from the portal and seemed to follow the veins of liquid that spread from the opening in the wall. Was the sound part of the substance, or did the sound make it? It was impossible to tell. "Let's go," the captain of the team said through the intercom of his suit. Slowly, we gathered and stepped through the portal together. There were eight of us entering the unknown. *** I'd thought it absurd when the technicians suggested the steel anchors. Now, as I stepped through into a new dimension it felt like the steel wire was my lifeline. The only thing keeping me connected to our reality. The ground felt like wet moss under my latex boots. A swampy yellow mist hampered vision and made me clutch my gasmask tighter. The men around me held a tight formation. I looked over at Milena. The doubt in her face had been replaced with wonder. Her eyes were wide open as a newborn baby's, searching through the mist for answers. Suddenly her latex encased hand flew up and she pointed at the sky. Beyond the strange haze of floating mucus something dark and massive loomed in the distance. It was bigger than a skyscraper - bigger than anything I'd ever encountered - the shadow of mountain-sized...*thing*. "What is that?" Milena said in wonder. It wasn't shaped like a mountain. Instead, it was thin at the bottom and growing in width, almost like a strange mushroom. It felt like the rumbling guttural sound, like an organic bass horn, seemed to increase in volume the further we stepped into this strange place. "Set up a perimeter," said the captain and the men spread out. "This is how far we'll go. Take your tests and let's return. Bring the drill." "Hold on," I said a bit nervously. "We can't drill here, we don't even know what lies underneath this... uh... this stuff," I said and squished my boot around in the wet quagmire-like ground for emphasis. "Those are the orders," the captain said, and one of the big men put down a massive package that he'd been carrying on his back. *** **[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/79bjkr/the_e8_part_2/)** r/Lilwa_Dexel for more. 