
"Ancient?" I questioned. "I don't understand, I was just flying my plane... then..." "Plane?" The taller one of the group said, he had a large messy beard with a scary amount of scars on his left cheek. "Yes. A plane. You know, the thing with wings you pulled me out off." My saviours looked at each other confused, every one of them seemed to act like I was speaking French or something. A girl though kept eye contact, she didn't join the group discussion but instead kept studying me. "You can read that sign?" She interrupted the group discussion. "Well, of course, it's in bloody English! We are speaking it, are we not?" My glasses may have been cracked and scratched up from the crash, but I could still make out the tremble in her lip. A couple of the group started pacing backwards." "Nobody has spoken English in a thousand years, not since the great lights. What's your name, stranger!" "Lights?" I whispered to myself, I was starting to panic now. Where was I. When was I. "um... I'm John. And that's impossible, you're speaking English now" I replied hastily. "We're speaking Untatsh, the language of Western Zones." The large bearded man said. Meanwhile, the girl's eye's widened as she processed my sentence. Before I could question it, the girl grabbed my hand violently and demanded I follow her. I had no choice. As we made our way, my leg throbbed from the pain of the crash. I tried numerous times to communicate with my saviours, but I was hushed and ignored into silence. We walked for what seemed like just over an hour, deeper into what was once San Diego. Its buildings crumbling and pathways cracked. Finally, we made our way into a large open space between the old buildings. As myself and the group got close to the centre I noticed the ground falling away. There was a large crater in the middle. Surrounding it was more people, dressed in funny robes and garments. A few of them shot inquisitive looks as I was lead by. Eventually, I was near enough that I could finally peer over the edge into the hole. I saw that there was a large metallic cylinder impaled into the ground. It was covered in dirt and rubble, but there was no denying what the message printed on the top said. "Time Capsule. John, please open after you've crashed." 