
--Thanks for reading! John and Roger stood face to face in the office of the Supreme Leader. John motioned towards the opulent love seat to his left as he spoke. "Listen Roger, just calm down. You'll be laughing in a minute." This did not calm Roger down. His face contorted with rage and confusion, a stark contrast to the bewildered but calm nature that convinced the guards to deem ankle restraints unnecessary. Roger jumped on to the desk between them and grabbed his childhood friend by his jacket lapels, pulling him up onto his toes. "Tell me what's going on! This doesn't make any sense," said Roger. John's smirk mocked the gravity of Roger's plea, stoking his rage further. "I'm telling you, just give it a minute. I think I timed this right," said John. Roger released his right hand from the lapel and grasped the handle of his boot knife, quickly thrusting it up to its intended home between John's ribs. His victim's smirk evolved into wide eyed, full body guffawing; and before Roger could twist the knife and change his expression a matte black curtain fell between them, slicing his knife where it met the ribs before falling fully to the floor. Roger's head throbbed. Neural pathways which ached with familiarity, dammed by technology, were permitted to flood; and he hardly noticed as the curtain raised to reveal his bedroom ceiling. "You cheeky bastard," said Roger. He sat up in his bed and admired the Virtual Reality projector his good friend John had snuck into the dorm overnight. John was sitting on the far end of the unsteady bed frame, smile wide as ever. He spoke in a rushed voice. "How's that for an 18th birthday, eh? No hard feelings about the stabbing thing, I wanted to give you your privacy in there but that also meant I had no idea how you'd feel about me after all those years. So I turned off pain. But that means you've got to fill me in! All the heroic battles, all the steamy nights, all the insights and knowledge. How old were you in there? You looked seventy so you were probably thirty." Roger laid back flat and stared at the ceiling, wishing he could bring back the curtain, along with his knife and the forty years of effort it represented, to finish the job. But he had to study for calculus instead. 