
A man enters onto the screen, his golden hair slicked back and his bright blue eyes flashing. He has a handsome grin on his face, as if he's used to the whole world falling in line in front of him. You practically see the sun flash off of his teeth, but doesn't that only happen in movies? Strangely, he's wearing a bright orange jumpsuit paired with a grey helmet. Still, it doesn't detract his attractiveness at all. His sleeves are practically bulging, and you would bet that he's been hitting the gym. You stare at him with interest, your popcorn half way to your mouth. You aren't used to seeing people this beautiful, even through your TV. He walks to the middle of the screen, framed by a bright orange green-screened background. Then, he stops. Bright silver words, a shade that matches his helmet, come up over top of him. *Thor Odinson*, it proclaims, *World's Best Construction Worker*. He takes a single, over-exaggerated step to the left, his arms coming up and forming right angles, and his knee in almost an unnatural position. The voice-over begins, a deep baritone. "Do you need a construction worker or contracter?" It asks rhetorically, booming with cheer. "Then call this toll free number to set up your first meeting with Thor Odinson!" The man, Thor evidently, takes another awkward step. You cannot imagine how he keeps smiling with this ridiculous script. "With his mighty hammer Mjolnir, he is the bravest, the loyalest, the best worker you can ever have!" At this "Thor" pivots so that he's facing the camera and delivers a big thumbs up. "Some would say he's a god of construction work!" The scene fades out, transitioning to Thor in front of a computer that looks like it came straight out of 2008. He is facing away from the camera. "And don't forget to leave a good review on Yelp." Thor clicks on the mouse a few times, before turning back to the camera to give his signature grin. He has done nothing to disguise the fact that he is currently reading a "Best Norse Gods Ranked" article. the camera flashes to a new screen, with Thor up in a tiny corner of it. Underneath him is the toll free number from earlier, and next to him is a picture of... an eyepatch? "Be the first to call and you will receive this truly mythic eyepatch, worn by Thor's own father, Odin himself!" Why would anyone want to wear a used eyepatch? Thor gives a little wave from his quarter, and then it fades to black. You shake your head at your TV. These commercials are getting weirder and weirder. Ten years ago you never would have gotten a pretty boy who believed himself to be a norse god. Maybe you should sign up for Netflix. But then again, he is quite handsome, and isn't there that bathroom you wanted to renovate anyways? Besides, you always thought that you would look pretty kickin' in an eyepatch... 