
There were three aliens in Joe's living room. There weren't usually three aliens in Joe's living room, as far as Joe could remember. There weren't usually *any* aliens in his living room. And as it was, Joe had only barely noticed them as he walked in from the kitchen in his boxers and wife-beater. He was yawning and scratching his crotch when he spotted them. They seemed to be doing their best to merge with the wall on the far side of the room. Joe blinked at them questioningly. He waited. The aliens were as still as statues while Joe stared at them. Joe sighed, and then sat down on the couch. He looked back up at the aliens. "Could you guys move? Or crouch down, at least? The game's on." Whatever response Joe had been expecting, it wasn't this one. The leftmost alien immediately started irradiating a purple aura, like some kind of radioactive eggplant. It had turned to face the wall and all 8 of its limbs were scrabbling at the plaster, seeking purchase. Joe wondered idly what its endgame was - would the popcorn ceiling really be that much better? The rightmost alien - a translucent blob with legs - had seemed to split open in the middle. A giant maw appeared in its midsection, and from it belched forth a oozing mass of fetid liquid. It then tipped over backwards and lay prone on Joe's carpet. "I knew I should have paid extra for the stain guard," Joe thought ruefully." His gaze flicked to the middle one. Tall and spindly, like a toothpick house brought to life, it was trembling from its top-stick to its bottom-sticks. Joe was grudgingly impressed when it took a shaky step forward, away from the wall, and the bulging orbs on either side of its top-stick focused on Joe. Joe watched. The stick alien shook. Joe glanced at the remote. He didn't want to be rude, of course, but...it was an important game. A series of squeaks and clicks brought his attention back to the stick alien, which seemed to be vibrating to an almost dangerous degree. At his side, the glowing alien seemed to be calming down, its aura now a mild yellow - like an electric banana. *Greetings to you, Glap-blorp. We, the greatest warriors of the intergalactic society, have traveled here to Marvaxx-9 to --* The stick alien had made a tactical error in trying to make a sweeping gesture with its arm when it mentioned "Marvaxx-9". The arm had disconnected from the rest of the creature's body, and flew across the room, where it landed in Mortimer the goldfish's fishtank. The alien froze. It turned towards the fish tank, then looked at Joe, then turned back to the fish tank again. Silence fell over Joe's living room like a sopping wet blanket. Joe stared at the alien. The alien looked back at Joe, its eyes each winking independently of the other. "Listen, I just wanted to -- what are you doing?" Joe knew what it was doing, of course, he just couldn't figure out *why*. The stick alien seemed to be trying to sneak over to the fish tank, either ignoring or oblivious to the fact that Joe was watching him the whole time. At Joe's question, it froze again. There was a tense pause. Joe noticed that the blob had managed to get to its feet. The stick alien began creeping towards the fish tank again. Joe sighed. "Listen, great warriors of the inter-whatever...I think you've got the wrong planet. We're humans. Planet earth." There was a sudden shriek as the leader of the alien delegation went to pieces - literally. There was a soft *pfff* and the glowing alien self-destructed in a cloud of acrid smelling smoke. Joe then watched in amazement as the blob alien protruded the lower half of its body and somehow - impossibly - managed to swallow the rest of itself, until it simply ceased to be. Joe sighed. *I guess I'm gonna have to clean all this up,* he thought. He picked up the remote. *But it can wait until after the game.* *** /r/ShadowsofClouds 