
Darkness. Nothingness. Then the sound of silence. A reverberating thumping that resounded deeply within my soul- wait, no. Is that... drums? I opened my eyes slowly, feeling the drums beating in resonance to the rhythm of my heart. I felt warm light caress my body as I sat up, taking in the scene before me. A great bonfire blazed radiantly in front of me as half-naked men and women danced wildly around it. "Torakintooki! What kind of journey did you have!" a booming voice spoke over the cacophony of tribal music and senseless hooting. A man stood up next to me and responded. "I, Torakintooki slayed a beast. A beast the size of a mountain!" he pointed to a mountain sitting peacefully in the dark horizon, underneath a starlit sky. "It swallowed me whole, but I, Torakintooki!" he hit his massive barrel chest, "swallowed it back! Hahaha!" With that, the rhythm of the drums picked up and everyone proceeded to hop around side-to-side, occasionally slapping a bare behind as they danced. I blinked. Slightly disturbed. This was not how I envisioned the afterlife to be... Suddenly a womanly voice spoke next to me. "Are you okay, Kikikuku?" I looked at her blankly. "I said, are you okay Kikikuku?" this time she put a hand on my bare shoulder. I backed off, reflexively. Her face immediately twisted with concern. "Kikikuku?" she asked gently. "Kikikuku? Me?" I pointed to myself, then noticed the thick callouses on my hand. The unfamiliar scars and the heavily tanned skin. "W-where am I? What is-" "Kikikuku!" the voice boomed loudly again. An old man from behind the bonfire walked into sight. He was taller and older than all the men here. On his head was the skull of a lion. He was undoubtedly the leader or chieftain here, I thought. "Kikikuku!" he shouted again, then pointed at me when I didn't respond. I stood up awkwardly, looking surreptitiously at the crowd around me. There were at least dozens of people. "What kind of journey did you have?! Where did you go and what did you see? Did you slay a beast? Or did you only sleep with women?" The chieftain laughed vulgarly. I looked around me. "Uhh... Not really-" More laughter erupted. This time, from the tribal men and women around me. I looked at the woman next to me, watching me intently. She was the only one who remained silent. "Kikikuku!" the chieftain shouted. "What happen to your tongue huh! Why are speaking so strangely?" "Ummm... First of all, I'm not Kikikuku got it?" I pointed at the chieftain. "I'm fucking Johnathan. And this!" I gestured around me. "This is so not what I had expected when I- when I died..." I looked down solemnly as memories of my family surfaced. The faces of my grandchildren as they cried by my bedside. My son and daughter who sobbed uncontrollably as they held my hand. My wife who glared at me, pissed off that I was going first. I had lived a whole life time. I was ready to go. To disappear. To become one with nothingness. And now, as I looked around me, at the unfamiliar faces staring quietly at me, I felt cheated. Suddenly, I felt a warm and familiar hand clutch my wrist. Just like how my wife always did. "Kikikuku, I never forgot you. I never did," the woman next to me said with tears in her eyes. "Kathy?" ----------- /r/em_pathy 