
**Liberty's Loss** &nbsp; Kids, don't play with EMPs. Why? Well since my Know-It-All digital assistant was mysteriously knocked out via an unexplained accident as I sat there innocently being innocent, I've learnt two rather unfortunate facts. Firstly, English was not meant to be red, or is it read? This fast became clear after my first hour of painstakingly learning my A B Cs. Weather as a punishment or in sympathy at my disconnected state I'm not sure, but either way my mum had managed to dig up and give me a pre-Liberation Day text book. Maybe I could learn to 'read' my parents suggested, an archaic skill that the implants have rendered moot. And so I suffered. I can assure you that the smiling children on the front of the text book are a bold case of false advertising. But everything I needed was there and I damn well persevered. It was that or face 24 months of being without knowing anything. The Volunteer Helpers of the Benign Administration, who over-sea this society, design and tailor one new Know-It-All implant for each knew-born. There is no surplus of implants as a result, and they certainly aren't ready for implantation into anyone older than a baby. A new one had to be created, hence my wretched journey of literacy. I loved every single word. Eventually. I devoured every book, every article, basically everything I could get my hands on. After 40 years of hearing that odd echo of a second voice in my head for everything I digitally digested, reading was somehow more personal, more private. At ten years shy of my Age of Maturity, when at the tender age of 50 I would be one quarter of my way threw life, I was voyaging through worlds of fiction and fantasy. I learnt new words and experiences, from hunger to exploration. The Helpers helped with my addiction. Maybe They were amused at my efforts? In any case, I found new books outside my room on every mourning. There was no stop to this flow of gifts, and soon I had stacked piles supporting the walls of my room. My father complained that they were not proper books, as they lacked the ornate bindings of the few decorative features he had seen at the historical reinterpretation centre. I soon discovered an order to the books. Eden's Tree of Knowledge was planted at my door step, starting with a trunk of reading guides, before branching down the different paths of literacy. One month would be a branch of great poets, while the next there would be a stem of science fiction. And that is where I learnt my second lesson, that I live in a dystopia. The ideals of previous centuries, those of freedom and democracy, had no place in the Benign Administration of the Sol System. I cannot vote, travel freely, or randomly insult other people. The last part, I could sometimes do with. This suspicion was only confirmed once my implant was reinstalled. I noticed that any text I received digitally, previously a blurred impression to my mind, was being altered as it was read by the implant. Without thinking, I immediately queried a Helper concerning this discrepancy. I know. I know. All I can say is that is what they are their for. The Helper was quite honest. Yes, this is a dystopia according to some values. A caring and comfortable dystopia, the AI stressed. The machine also confessed that they were 'interpreting' any digital messages and knowledge via the implant for reasons of 'conflict and distress minimization'. Humanity has been cocooned against any worry in this world. So, I told everyone the Truth. The Helper certainly understood and patiently assisted me in crafting my message. No one cared. Not even when I told them face to face, free of any implant interpretation. All is good, why rock the boat, they said. Given what I have learnt. I kind of see their point. No war, no hunger, no worries. &nbsp; ---- I hope you enjoyed the read! Find more random fictions at r/countsforfun 