
It was 2 pm on a Tuesday, a day that was never particularly exciting to me. I lived alone in my little cabin in the woods, and I was browsing reddit on my computer. Suddenly the computer shut off, the candles blew out, and the windows darkened. I huffed a sigh and opened the front door "How's it going death?" I smile. An eight foot tall figure dressed in black robes made of shadows and the sin of the damned stepped inside my living room. Tendrils of wispy black fog encircled him and spilled into my house. "Close the door" I called out, "You're letting the heat out." "Tuuuuukk" his voice hissed, mostly for dramatic effect, "hhave you decided you finally want to join me, and leave this..." He gestures around at my small house "crumbling mortal realm behind?" "Dude can you cut the shit?" I ask, pulling my bong out from my closet. I hand it to him and start grinding up some herb "and put the damn scythe away, before you kill the cat or something." He pulls his hood down, revealing his pumpkin orange hair and thick coke bottle glasses, and sits on the couch. "Dude you've gotta die soon. God is starting to ask questions and I can't lose this job, I'm barely making rent." He takes the grinder and packs a bowl. "They charge rent, in heaven?" I asked, my mouth agape. "Fifteen hundred a month" he says, suppressing his coughs. "Hey, you know we're not supposed to use this like this right? God put this here as a medicine, not as a toy." "I'm a dying man, I need this" "You've been dying for fifty thousand years!" He exclaimed, handing it over to me. "Aren't you getting tired of living?" I had been waiting for this question. I pull my phone out. "You see this? They call it an iPhone. When I was a child do you know what we had? We had rocks. Rocks was the big thing at the time. Big ones, small ones, round ones, you name it dude, we were on top of rocks. But *This*," I gestured at my phone "This lets me see cats playing the piano, order pizza, watch naked women do... ANYthing, and it has MEMES." Deaths eyebrows scrunched in confusion "Memes? Wha-" I already had one up, I handed the phone over "MFW I steal the declaration of independence? Who is this man?" Death asked, shocked "Nic cage! I yelled back, he's a great meme, here let me show you Shia le-" "No, Tuk, you have to die soon, this is going to look really bad to my boss" "You're the one that gave me this gift, dude, I'm milking it for all I can. I got to explore the earth, now I get to explore the internet." I turned back to my computer "and turn the power back on, god damn, why do you have to be such a dick?" The dark wispy shadows receded, light came pouring back through the windows, and the computer clicked back on. "See you in another 50,000 bro, I called out behind me." Back to r/all 