
The first thing you should probably know is that it hurts. Donating your organs is a hassle, and regrowing them hurts like hell, and itches all the way. It's not something I really recommend to people- but I guess I don't need to since most of you can't do what I do. They call me a medical wonder; a modern marvel. A hero. I see that. Statistically speaking I have helped save a lot of people. I deal with the stress and the pain and itching and I give people a new kidney or liver or whatever it is they need. Mine will grow back, and they get to live. The second thing you should know is that I remain connected to every organ I make. Even after they leave my body, I can feel them. I can reach out to them, sense where they are, and even exert control. This is the really strange yet highly amusing part of my situation. They call me a hero, but they have no idea that I just made that lady smack her boyfriend across the face. She doesn't quite realize that she wasn't the one who wanted to do it. From my bench, across the clearing, I could see the confused look on her face, but she hasn't said she's sorry. His eyebrows narrowed in anger as he rubbed the pink spot in his cheek, and I could see that his lips clenching together. He wanted to tell her off if I had to guess, but he didn't want to make a scene. Those are the best ones to mess with if I am going to be honest. I guess you may need to know a third thing here... That guy is a total asshole. I don't like them. The people that treat other people like garbage, especially the ones that they are supposed to love. I don't like jerks, and whenever I can I like to help put them in their place. Being able to control the people who have my organs has really helped in this effort. The small man-child she calls her boyfriend stood up a moment later. His fists are clenched, and he barely looks at her as she scoots herself off the bench behind them. I admit first to anyone who asks that the slap was satisfying, but it wasn't the end. Walking several feet behind them, I watch as her arms reach out and push him forward. It took a lot to stifle the laugh as he stumbled forward and fell on his knees. The guy has really had it coming for a while now, and watching his dignity slip away would bring anyone joy. That's all it took for him to lose his cool, and a fight broke out right there in the park. The scene he had tried not to cause and I knew at that moment that she was safe. Start a riot, and at the very least you earn the respect you deserve. I don't believe I'm a hero. The smirk that sat on my face didn't last very long after that, I knew that riots caused pain. I knew that she had just stood up for herself for the first time though, and that was something. So no, I'm no hero. But at least I try to use my abilities for good, and I will continue to do so until someone tries to stop me. As I left the park I felt a familiar flutter in my gut, pulling me down the street. I can always tell when an organ is nearby. /r/Beezus_Writes 