
When Marcus set up his shop of "Budget Adventurers", his new neighbours had all but laughed at him. He did catch their stares and the whispers they occasionally but he let it wash over him. As his Pa had advised him at numerous times in his life, he was just going to focus on his business and hope for the best. *"Worry less about what the others say about you. They are not you. You are you. You do you..."* The memory of the quote drifted to the fore of his mind and he sighed as sympathy welled up in him. He missed his father a lot more than he thought he would have. He knew the man would have been proud of the shop nonetheless. Marcus stocked all from magic potions, to trinkets and the occasional mouth brace for hand-to-hand combatants but his main product were affordable weapons and armours for adventurers and knights to use on a day to day basis. His potions weren't as powerful as Landril's magic-imbued potions, nor were his swords as strong as Greorin's metalwork. Even Hjafrij's armour quality surpassed anything he could put together but he still managed to get some steady sales in his shop for the sole reason of his wares being considerably cheaper than his neighbours. Still, like all the shops around him, stock was few and far between with him only capable of forging a certain numbers of swords per day whilst working in the storefront. It was the same trap his competitors fell into also and things began to change when he got a helper to sell his wares, leaving him more time to forge. Still, he hoped he could make the process faster. It was upon seeing a water wheel on his way from a town he visited that an idea began to form in his mind. A method by which molten metal would enter a pulley system and by the time it came out, it would have been shaped into the form he wanted and he could do the rest after that. Marcus took the idea home and worked on it, refining and changing and refining as many times as he felt was needed. And at the end, after months of trials and errors, he had finally achieved something to lord over the competition. While on a normal day, he could forge between five and ten weapons depending on his stock, with his new invention, the sword-line, he was output molten shapes by the dozen every hour. After which, he'd do the rest of the work. The invention of the line had already given him ideas of how to cover health and mana potions next. "So you're saying that you can sell more swords than Greorin?" Landril said, her nose up in the air as she looked down on Marcus. She was standing just in front of him, choosing to enter his store instead of speaking to him from the outside. He didn't mind. He liked showing of his products enough to seduce potential buyers. "More or less. I used to have about five weapons in stock at any given time. Now look around..." Marcus said, indicating to the shelves around them, "...does it look like I'll ever run out?" "Yeah? Well, we still sell quality," Greorin said. "Agreed," Marcus replied with a nod. "So, why are you certain that you've come out on top?" Landril asked. "Well... Think about it this way. When your stocks are emptied, what do you tell your potential clients? I've already thought of applications in my potion making." Greorin raised an eyebrow while Landril scowled at Marcus. Folding her hands, the elf stalked out of the store. Greorin shifted his gaze from the leaving elf and to Marcus. "What am I missing here?" he said. "Landril understands why my invention is bad for all of yours, I reckon." "But why, dammit?" "Because when you run out, I'll still be open to satisfy any disgruntled customer. Your customers become mine. And if that happens, tell me Greorin... What becomes of your store?" --- /r/evenaswrite for more stories. PS: it's been a while since I answered a prompt. Feedback and critique is gladly appreciated. 