
Slogging through the mud and rain of a terrestrial hellscape even more miserable than the last, Lieutenant Calrus Taldan longed desperately for the carefully managed rainstorms of home. On a civilized world each drop landed precisely where it was meant to, running down the gently terraformed hills *just so*. 'Climate' was an anachronism, and worse than that it was unseemly. A gentleman expected better of life, particularly when his commission had cost so dearly. The rank and file seemed discouraged by it as well, insofar as a man of Taldan's breeding concerned himself with such things. He'd heard their mutterings in camp for days now as they slogged through this godsforsaken jungle in search of another band of insurrectionaries. One particularly blighted fellow who was suffering from a condition the doctors were now referring to as 'jungle rot' had wondered aloud whether a being could drown standing up in rain such as this. Taldan had taken the disciplinary rod to the man for his crimes against morale but the damage was done. He could barely stand to look at the sky in the days since then. "Lifeforms ahead!" the call came from the vanguard, passed down the line in the series of encoded clicks that only the harshly curved beaks of the Tal-Dari could produce. The company exploded into action, Captain Taldos calling their formation as 1st platoon powered up their personal shields and the shrill wine of their vibra-lances filled the air. Taldan could see the endless rain vaporizing around the lancers into a dense bank of fog as his 3rd platoon formed ranks for action, a firing line 40 men long that bristled with the points of their rifles. Up ahead Taldan could hear the shouts of the humans they chased. Humans who should have realized by now that the war was long lost but who instead had fought on after their capitals fell, pulling back into terrain that Headquarters had once thought uninhabitable. "Forward, MARCH!" the captain cried, the single mighty caw erupting from his beak. As one the lancers unfurled the great expanse of their wings, hurling themselves into the sky, breaking through the canopy with raw power as they sought their position. They would be the hammer, striking the humans from the rear against the great anvil of the massed infantry. Infantry whose position became more tenuous with every step, driven farther and farther out of formation by the great boles of the densely packed trees. "Close ranks damn you!" Taldan screamed ineffectually at his troops. On his right flank he could see the line faltering, here and there a private sinking nearly to his tail-feathers in this awful, sucking muck. Up ahead the humans darted from tree to tree, their primitive gunfire pinging off his men's armor as the dreaded claw of the Tal-Dari Empire came for them, even here in this far off, meaningless speck of land. "Company, HALT!" the Captain called. 2nd and 3rd platoons formed a long double file in the jungle, the first kneeling, second standing. As he looked up and down their ranks Lt. Taldan felt the first stirrings of the martial pride all the songs had spoken of. "Present, ARMS!" Eighty rifle barrels, minus the few who had succumbed to the mud, crossed armored chests embossed with the crossed wing emblem and then pointed forward, a specter of death from another age come down on these primitive apes. "FIRE!" the report of the laser rifles was incongruously silent to the shrieked command, but explosion of their strikes was deafening. Where the forward elements of the human force had once been the forest was now a tinderbox beyond anything the rain could extinguish, gouts of fire erupting from falling trees as animals scurried madly for cover. It was glorious, and as his men reloaded their rifles Taldan laughed with wild abandon. He laughed through the second volley as well, and wouldn't have even stopped in the third if it hadn't happened. They all saw them through the portions of the jungle whose canopy had been cleared by their rifle fire, the proud members of 1st platoon hanging high in the air like avenging angels, every line in their bodies tensed as they waited for the order to charge. The very sky itself opened up on them, and Taldan realized this world's storms held dangers far greater than drowning. The force that hit them, that Taldan would later learn the humans called "lightning," tore through their close packed ranks like a cannon blast, overwhelming the thin shimmer of their personal shields and exploding the very lances in their hands. Most never even made a sound as they died, and only the very strongest found any glory in it, surging upwards on convulsing wings before falling to the ground in charred heaps. The humans' exultant cries echoed through the jungle as they retreated, the Tal-Dari pursuit long forgotten as their senior officers gathered around the fallen remains of 1st platoon, too horrified even to say the Rites over their dead. It was only later in the day when Taldan discovered what had happened to the men they had left behind in the disaster of their march on the enemy. Word filtered in from the support platoon that some had been sucked fully into the earth itself, drowning in mud. It had taken a long time for that word to sink in. ***Mud***. The camp that night was silent, and as he made his bed under the unfamiliar stars of a world far from home, young Lt. Taldan had begun to know something more about the horrors of war. ------------ If you enjoyed that I've got more at [r/TurningtoWords](https://www.reddit.com/r/TurningtoWords/). I'm currently working on a serial about three teens running into a hivemind and there's other standalones like an AI trying her best to be a cute little girl. Come check it out, I'd love to have you! 