
This wasn't what I had expected to write when I went to browse r/WritingPrompts. My plan was to compose something worthwhile - something to take the reader's breath away. Perhaps a tale from a land of four warring nations and swirling elemental magic, where heroes reign and Good clashes with Evil. Maybe a mysterious story about an android girl who gets pulled out of a dumpster and has to save the city from, not one, but two evil AIs who also happen to be twin sisters. I wanted to possibly write something dark - something along the lines of Gothic horror - Count Dracula teaming up with Van Helsing to solve a string of strange murders, perhaps. At any rate, I wasn't expecting to be writing this. I look at the prompt again. It's still there - it's not like it's going away. I wonder what the others will write about. The Devil maybe? Something with banana cake and time travel? A sob story about losing a significant other? Maybe something about Bob Ross? I mean, nobody's actually going to write about a student plagiarizing their teacher's story, right? Right? There has to be some kind of twist to it, otherwise it's just a cooking recipe in the prompt-form, and a mediocre one at that - it would be like reading a bowl of porridge. I need something devious and original, something that Reddit hasn't seen before, something that'll make people go 'Aha! That's amazing!' and then shower me with virtual points... and gold, of course. Yes... those sweet, succulent golden coins that tell everyone that '**THIS RIGHT HERE IS WORTH READING**' (but in reality does next to nothing) - yeah, definitely going to be aiming for gold. Gold is something that even non-redditors can understand, it's a universal symbol of value. I'll be able to show off in the cafeteria. My fellow teachers will all go 'ooh' and 'aah' in awe. I especially like the 'aahs.' Aah, I got it! Okay, so here's the perfect idea for a story. Get this: Inception meets the Joker meets Game of Thrones (the Little Finger episodes)! Actually, this story right here is a good start. Can you see it? Well... it is an early draft. I just need to make sure nobody steals it. What's the best way? Hmm... I'll just make it so gut-wrenchingly horrible that even if a student steals it, I can just fail it without having to reveal my Reddit pen name. Ah, and then to further trap my unsuspecting students, I'll just hand out this writing prompt in class: **[WP] You are given a writing prompt by your English Professor. You decide to post the writing prompt to r/writingprompts and get an amazing story. You decide to use that story as your own and turn it in as your assignment only to find out that your professor was the one who wrote the story.** Dark days ahead, my dear pupils, dark days ahead... 