
*"Please! She gets scared when you do that."* *Dudley took a step back, and seemed to be considering the snowy owl in the cage in a new light. Then he snarled, and kicked the cage again. Hedwig squeaked, frightened, yet again.* *"Your mum and dad told you not to-"* *"Well, they're not here, are they?" Dudley kicked the cage again. "And they won't get back from the theatre for another three hours, so I can do whatever I want."Harry's hands curled up into fists. Dudley saw this, and scoffed.* *"I don't need to hear it again. How if you were allowed to, you could make me fly. You could make me dance. You could make me do whatever you want, right? But you can't. Cause you're a rule follower."* *Dudley leaned down, and smirked at the owl. Hedwig recoiled.* *"I have to follow rules because magic is dangerous, Dudley. There are things you wouldn't understand-"* *"Oh, I won't understand, would I? Because you and your fancy pants freak friends are so much smarter than me. But at least I don't care about rules. I don't care about what anyone tells me. I'm..."* - "You're a Dursley, Sophie. Don't forget it." Dudley was careful to say the words softly, but he wondered if his daughter knew how important they were to him. She was reading the letter, the letter from Harry introducing himself. "This...this is my uncle Harry?" "Yes. That...is your uncle Harry." It felt odd, to say those words. Harry had been out of Dudley's life, but never completely out of his mind. Never out of those painful memories, of how stupid and mean Dudley had been... "What's he like, Daddy? Is he nice and funny like you?" Sophie was excited, almost dangerously so, about the prospect of another family member. Dudley supposed it was a good thing. Dudley leaned down, and kissed his daughter's forehead. "He's nice. But I don't know if he's very much like me." "Who is he? Where does he live?" "I don't know, sweetie. He's a very important person, where he lives. I don't know if or when we'll ever get to see him. But it's kind of him to send the letter." The letter had arrived in the talons of another handsome, snowy owl. Dudley looked out the window, at the quickly fading sky, and wondered... - "Hello, Dudley," Harry said. His tone was even and light, but there was an edge, something behind it. "Hello, Harry-" "Daddy? Who is it?" The Dursleys rarely received visitors, at the edge of the forest where they lived. Sophie came bounding down the stairs, and then stood, almost shyly, behind her father's leg. Harry leaned down, and looked into the girl's green eyes, so very much like his own. "I'm your uncle Harry, Sophie. It's very nice to meet you." Sophie shook Harry's outstretched hand, and giggled. "Come on in," Dudley said, his voice nervous. Harry smiled, and said in barely a whisper. "Don't worry, old cousin. No magic today." - They sat at the table, drinking badly made earl grey tea. Harry, polite as ever, didn't comment. Sophie had long ago been put to bed, after exhausting herself showing her uncle all her toys and games. "So why are you here?" Dudley asked. "I think you know." "Just dropping in for a nice little visit on a Sunday, right?" Harry smiled. "She kept saying how funny you are. I didn't fully believe it." Dudley's head dropped. "I wasn't very funny to you, all those years ago." Harry shook his head. "That's in the past. Believe me. We were children. It's unfair to hold children to the standards we have now." "Still...I want to say sorry. I've wanted to, all these years." Harry nodded, once, and that was that. "Sophie," Harry began. "She's like you. My wife knows as well." "She has to know." "I know...I just, that world, Mum and Dad used to tell me how much pain it caused your family. I guess...""You're a little scared for her?" Dudley nodded. "You'd be crazy not to be." "But you're still here. To ask me something." "I want you to know, Dudley, that you can say no. That little girl loves you very much, and it's only natural to want her to be safe." "But you're still asking...for what?" Harry looked out the window now, seemingly checking for something. "A dark force has risen again, Dudley. A force that will come for all of us, Muggle, wizards, everyone. And Sophie needs to learn so that she can defend herself. So that she can defend your family." Dudley looked out the window now. "You know, I was always jealous of you. I wondered what you were able to see in your world, all the things my mind wouldn't be able to comprehend." "It's the same as your world, Dudley, once you get used to it." "Then I want my daughter to be like you. Brave, and fair." Harry shook his head. "But it's not just me, is it, Dudley? It runs in the family." "I guess." Dudley was silent for a long time. "When would she leave?" "Now," Harry said with a fire in his eyes, the one Dudley saw so often in his daughter's. "We have no time to waste." - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 