
"I want to sign up," I say, pulling back a hard plastic chair and sitting the other side of the table to a peroxide-blonde lady who is half-way through a giant crossword. She must have been at it all day. Her eyes flick up to me, then back down to the black and white boxes. I'm not much to look at, and not like the others -- not rippling with muscles, no chin carved from the mountains -- but her eyes didn't need to tell me that. I already knew. I mean, if there was just one thing school taught me... "I want to sign up," I repeat, louder, more confidently, as I crunch up the past memories like dry leaves. Today is a new start. A new me. "I'm ready to be a hero, and I'm--" "Like turbid waters," she says. "Huh?" I've been called many things before, but... "Five letters." "Oh. Murky?" She clicks her pen and scribbles it in. "What's your power, sweetie?" I puff up my chest and make sure I'm sitting straight. Shoulders bubble-level even. She might not be looking at me right now, but she sure would be once she heard what I could do. "I'm the *God of hexes!*" It's an embellishment, sure. But every superhero embellishes their powers. And their origins -- heck, probably even their sexual prowess. You have to embellish these days. Just too much competition not to. "*The God of hexes*. Right. Sure." She looks up and stares at me, and I know my investment in ergonomic posture has paid dividends. "You know how many Gods I've had apply just this week?" Her tone worries me. I try to shrug off the question but I feel my cheeks redden as the afternoon rubs its sweaty fingers across my face. "Hmm... Am I the first, perchance? "Sixteen, not including you." "Well I guess religion is on the rise again." "Hah, sure is, sweetie. But you know what all these 'Gods' had in common?" "Good manners?" "Lying. They all had lying in common. Were all big fat liars. Except for you... You're a tall skinny liar." She lays down the pen and raises her right hand. Suddenly, it's a ball of flame, and the sweat on my forehead is splashing onto the floor. "What are you going to do when a ball of fire is hurtling down a corridor towards your head? Because that is the kind of situation the League of Heroes has to deal with on a daily basis." Can't breath. I'm hyperventilating. "Five seconds for the God of hexes to put this flame out, or else he's going to get all burned up like a heretic. Like a false idol. Four... Three..." Shit! Wait, maybe I could... Yes. I squeeze my eyes shut. The lady violently sneezes, her hands reacting by reaching up to her face to cover her mouth. She screams. The fire goes out, but it's a second too late. Her face is red and she's staring in disbelief at her hand. "I've got some after-sun lotion in my backpack if, uh..." Her eyes flick between her hand and me. Hand. Me. "*Hexes...* You little bastard!" "Well I stopped you burning me. That was the task, right? And I'd say passed with flying colors." She grits her teeth and slowly spits the next sentence. "In a real combat situation, you just pissed off your nemesis something bad, and now they burn you alive until you're just a pile of acne ashes. And believe me, if I wasn't on the good guy's side, that's exactly what I'd do to you." I sigh and heave myself up from the seat. Maybe I'll try again in a week or two, with a mask on so she doesn't recognise me. I could be the Prince of Misfortune or something cool. Ahhhh, who am I kidding. Even if I got on the team, I'd be about as popular as I was at school. I'd get bullied straight back off it. "Thanks for your time," I say, doing my best to swallow down my disappointment. "Get lost, kid. And do everyone a favor -- don't use your special 'powers' again. Because they, like you, are pathetic." "That's pretty rude," I retort. "You burned your own face, not me. And I did help you with your cross-- "Get out!" With a huff, I walk towards the door. But before I leave, I turn to see her, pen in hand, once again attacking her giant crossword. I close my eyes, then feel a grin work its way up my face as I leave. "Oh for fuc--" I hear as I close the door, knowing just how annoying a leaky pen can be. 