
I suppose there will never be a devil big enough for me to finally be scared and subdued. There is no evil that can never be enshadowed by a bigger monster. There is no hate or anger that can finally be that one stopping point of it all. No matter how much you think that you have finally found that one thing that can never be topped, there's always tomorrow. And you know that it'll come. But, like a man whipped, you carry on. Each day getting more and more whips on your back, you carry on. Because you can. And the fact, that you can suffer, means that you have to suffer. Other's couldn't bare it. So you have to. Others... They stop sharing stories fast enough. It takes mere days for them to fall from that empowering "I've seen bad, I now know the world" stance they get after the first workday. And you can see it in their eyes. When those go dead, the person's been done, used, finit. Mere days... But, once in a while, you'll get the "hotshot". "That guy". He won't stop talking about the things he has seen. He will laugh when others squirm or refuse to listen to his horror stories about murders he witnessed and body parts he counted. He thinks he has found some manly power in this curse. He thinks of himself as a Dark Knight speeding off into the night. But I can tell you two things about him. First, he doesn't have children. That's a cold, hard fact. There is no way around it. I've never seen the opposite. But second? You won't have to listen to him for too long. For he will be dead in a month. Whoever he is, he will pick his own poison. Be it heroin, be it racing, be it parachuting without no parachute. And I bet he will do it with a huge grin, a final fuck you, an "I ate shit and died" laughter. How do I know? Because I see it all. I'll see his grin, I'll see his soul, I'll see them both being separated. Frame after frame. And when I'll do, I'll press "remove" and "escalate". And then I'll press "Next" and see a cat. Another cat. A family's vacation in Cancun. Horseriding. Cooking rice. Waterslide. A human being skinned. A walk in the forest. A new dress. Wait, stop... Wind back... "Remove." No "Escalate". This is old. I've seen this one many times. I know it frame by frame. And the background music has ruined this one upbeat song for life. So yes, this is old. No "Escalate", just "Remove". A fireplace. Starbucks drink. First snow. Child's birthday. Glass of milk.... What does "Escalate" do, you ask? It saves the video on my hard drive. It documents the submitter's IP and account information. I write a description of the material. This Monday I wrote "What I believe is Elizah Warren (7) being strangled." And then I press "upload" and it all goes to the police. They examine the video and look for clues in it. I never hear back from them. I never get any information about the case or has the video been useful. I don't even think about it during the rest of my workday. Cornflakes. Puppies. A lava lamp. Christmas presents... Only after a week on the train I see people reading the newspaper, talking that the girl from the Amber alert, Eliyah something, has been found dead. Police is still investigating what has happened. They rumor that the parents could be involved, but nothing will happen to them, because they are influential. I see the picture of the parents. I recognize them. I saw them in a video, this Monday. After a week on this same train I'll hear that the case has been closed as unsolved. There ain't never a devil big enough for you to say "Ah, I've seen it all". For the devil is not in the smile of the beast, but in the eyes of the victim. It doesn''t laugh, it screams with the mouth of the tortured. And, whenever I close my eyes, it screams through my head with the mouths of many. But nothing will ever stop me from what I do. Because I can suffer, I must suffer. I don't do it because I think that this is a glorious job and I'm some sort of a saviour. I do it to collect said screams. You see, as long as they wake me up in nights, I know that they are still somewhere. That they still exist. And aren't buried just in closed files in one archive or other. I hear you, Elizah, I always will. 