
At first I just stared at them for a while, trying to figure out what was happening. Four different intersections, for different people, wearing G four different outfits. I looked over my four computer screens once more. They couldn't be any less alike. Each street had different traffic, different cars, and each camera was at a different angle. It was even night for two of them! They still danced on. This was freaky, to say the least. I had already started a recording of each screen, and it had been going on for... no way. 20 minutes. They had been synchronized for a full 20 minutes, dancing fluidly without stop. By this point, I was definitely freaking out. I reached over to the comm on my desk, and pressed a button. "Sir? I... I think you wanna see this..." I took a closer look at the dance. It didn't seem to repeat itself at all, each move completely different from all those before it. I had several angles, so I could see it all. The entire body was caught up in the dance; legs gliding below, arms shivering above, torso flexing wildly to connect them both. I zoomed in on one of the dancer's faces. It was expressionless. I nearly fell out of my chair in shock. None of them, at all, showed any movement in their faces. It was beyond surreal now. I called my boss again. "Uh... sir? This is really important." I hoped I sounded sincere. This job was so boring, watching traffic all day. I often fell asleep. Actually, I fell asleep earlier today. Huh. Did this start when I fell asleep? I decided to check some other cameras. And found more of the same. Everywhere I checked, more people were dancing. Chicago. Dancing. Moscow. Dancing. Buenos Aires. Dancing. I stood up, freaking out. I need to tell my boss. Why hadn't he responded? "Hey, are you there?" I said into the mouthpiece. No response. This can't be happening. I rushed out the door, and down the hall. Everything was eerily silent. I knocked on my boss's door. Again, no answer. Fed up, I threw open the door. There was my boss. Dancing. I stepped back in shock. My boss didn't even notice. His eyes were glazed over in the same way as all the other dancers. I turned to run, to find help. But my body wouldn't let me. I couldn't move. I screamed. Then, a miracle happened. I could feel my arms again, and my torso. But... I wasn't controlling them. They were moving on their own, gyrating, swimming through the air. It was hypnotic, thrilling, and powerful. I couldn't think about it anymore. I just had to dance. 