
It was Friday morning. Time to check his bank accounts. Time to pay his bills. Time to-- What The Fuck?! "$12490004949902 CHEQUING ACCOUNT" Ummm. Ummm. Paul waited a little whlie longer, then closed the browser, reopened it and reread his balance. "$12490004949902 CHEQUING ACCOUNT" Still unconvinced this wasn't a hallucination or some wonderful, wonderful dream, Paul opened his chequing history. "$832.21 DENNYS PAY $12490004947902.01 C-15375 TRIBUTE" Tribute? Paul picked up his phone and dialed the bank. "Hello, Mr. Thomson! How are you today?" answered a perky female. "Ugh, fine? Is this a recording?" She laughed. "No, no recording for you Mr. Thomson. We value our most valued customers. We know your time is more valuable than ours." "Okay..." "How can I help you, sir?" Paul searched for a way to start the conversation. What do you say when a number so large that you don't even know what it's called ends up in your bank account? When one week you wait an hour to complain about account fees and they next they treat you like royalty? "My account..." he began, "my chequing." "Yes! I see you had a complaint last week about account fees. Don't you worry anymore, we will no longer be charging your account. Your balance is well beyond the minimum requirement." "Umm, thanks." "You're most welcome, Mr. Thomson. Is there anything else I can help you with?" "Ummm. C-15375 TRIBUTE, do you know where that came from?" He heard the sputter of keyboard strokes. "Ah, yes, this did puzzle the management, they even left a special note on your account. Would you like me to read it?" the woman asked. "Yes, please." "Mr. Paul Thomson, account 1435533-2234, CHEQUING. As we have witnessed, an overwhelming sum of money has been deposited into this account. A full investigation has been put underway and uncovered the rights of the star, C-15375, purchased by Mr. Henry Thomson, 2017. Unknown at the time, the star is the focal of the Histarians, a race of human-like beings. Upon receiving a transmission of the purchase, the Histarians sent a large vessel, laced and filled with gold. Instructions informed the vessel and all contents be converted to the currency of the planet. If Mr. Thomson does not send back a confirmation of receiving the sum, war and annihilation are to follow. Despite our best ideas to cover-up and terminate Mr. Thomson, we have decided annihilation is not worth the risk. We understand this is a departure from the last 500 years, but the decision is final. For further questions, contact 555-555-5551." "Wow..." "Quite amazing, Mr. Thomson. Would you like me to repeat it?" "No, that's fine," said Paul, "just send me a copy." "Of course. Is there anything else I can help you with, Mr. Thomson?" "Do you know how to purchase an intergalactic spaceship?" "Certainly, Mr. Thomson, let me help you with that." ---- EDIT: Got to work early and wrote out part 2 on my phone and accidently hit the "X" when trying to scroll up (My heart, tis shattered). It'll have to wait till tomorrow since I work all night. But the material is there so it will come! Thank you for the interest and comments. I appreciate them all! I'll put part 2 here but also on /r/ItsPronouncedGif to make it easier. UPDATE: Part 2 is up and down below. Also, it can be found here [Chapter 1](https://www.reddit.com/r/ItsPronouncedGif/comments/78o244/life_after_dennys_first_chapter_combined_with_wp/). I've combined it with Part 1 to create a first chapter. Thank you all again for the support so far. Work's pretty busy so I'm going to try to get to as many comments as I can, but if I don't get to you, rest assured, I have read it and appreciate hearing from you. You guys have some creative minds and it's awesome reading through your interpretations and ideas! 