
Tap. Tap. Tap. Tap. "Could you please stop that, human?" I stopped drumming my fingers on the tabletop. "Sorry, I do that when I'm nervous." "Your pheromones do indeed indicate your distress. Unfortunately, such sounds closely resemble those emitted by ancient predators on my home planet. You can imagine the instinctive response." I paused for a moment. "So let me get this straight." "I do not understand why geometry is relevant in this conversation." I sighed. I'd only been here for a day or so, and I was already starting to realise that the Universal Translator didn't do well with sayings." "Sorry, let me understand you properly. There are aliens throughout the galaxy." "Correct." "And you've all formed some sort of massive federation." "Confederation would be a more accurate description, but yes." "And Earth isn't invited, because you're waiting for us to discover FTL travel." "Yes, that is one of our requirements." "And, your people aren't meant to interfere with us." "Not normally, no." "But I was kidnapped anyway." "Yes." "Why?" The alien in front of me (think the creature from Pan's Labyrinth, but with even more eyes) said a phrase, but no sound was present. I already knew this meant the Translator was taking longer than usual to determine the correct words, but eventually it did. "Jury duty." I blinked. "I'm sorry, what?" The alien paused briefly. "Our studies of human culture indicated you would be familiar with the concept of unbiased legal arbitration. Basically..." "I know what jury duty is, but you're saying you took me all this way for that?" "You and five others, yes." "But I don't know anything about intergalactic law..." "Intragalactic, actually..." "...heck I don't even know much about law back home." "Which makes your and your fellow humans perfect for this case. We require individuals who are completely unfamiliar with the beings and issues involved, to resolve this case." "I'm not sure I follow." The alien sighed at this point. Well, I think it sighed, even though it sounded like a tiny, but still dangerous chainsaw. "The being that is the defendant of this case has been charged with two counts of murder, specifically a former lifemate, and a friend. However, the defendant is a being of no small renown, and is well known throughout the galaxy. As a result, it has become impossible to find jurors that are not aware of the case, or have an opinion on the defendant's guilt." I leaned back in the somewhat ergonomic chair I was sitting in. "I see...." "Making matters more difficult, the circumstances regarding the defendant's arrest were particularly public in nature." "How so?" "The defendant originally agreed to surrender to authorities, however, on the day agreed upon, the being evaded authorities, coercing a friend to pilot a short range shuttle through several systems before eventually surrendering. Multiple news media vehicles were on hand to record these events." It was about this time that small, distinctively human sounding alarm bells began to ring in my hand. "Wait wait wait.... so a defendant... was charged with killing his ex-wife..." "Yes?" "And then agreed to turn himself in, only to run from police for some time, with the news media recording the whole time." "Correct." "And he's a celebrity." "More specifically, he is an athlete. I believe the sport involved most closely resembles the human sport of..." "Yes yes, I can guess...." I decided I need to know... "There wouldn't happen to be a glove involved?" "I do not understand why hand coverings would be relevant." I rested my head on my hands and groaned. "Never mind." 