
I slid my 'new' copy of Sims 5 into external CD reader and begin the installation. Oh man, the memories of this game. Seducing Mrs. S, collapsing her family, leaving her for Mr. S, then leaving him for the new girl, Jane, up the street. Planting insane gardens that took up the entire plot of land, having a kid and locking him in the house as child services try to find a way in, and then burning the whole house down to bring a tragic end to it all. Ah... memories. The installation went smoothly and I began to create my first family. I wanted to start as a fresh new bachelor and work my way up to the big leagues. Who would I seduce first? My fingers tingled with excitement. After the screen loaded, though, I wasn't alone in the house. In fact, my character wasn't who I created. There was an entire family, a man, women and child. I assumed the game made an error and restarted, but again, the same thing. I was disappointed, to say the least. I told myself this could still be fun, and if I wanted, I could just have the child taken away and divorce the wife and everything would be okay. Honestly, the game looked a lot more realistic than I remembered before, I was almost certain the kid was about 2 years old and the parents were in their early 30's. Things began like normal. Dad went to work, mom took care of the kid and I barely had any money to keep their happiness and fun up. I made the dad read more, gave him a gym and a chess board. He was going to work his way up the military ladder; I remembered the pay was excellent. Then one of the AI's started showing up. Only when the mom was out. She would come over and play with the little boy and then one day, she and the dad kissed. They went into the bedroom, kissed and went to the bed to have sex. I couldn't believe it, I didn't even tell him to do it! This AI was amazing! It would kickstart my whole plan to make him a bachelor again. Things continued like this for awhile: the dad went to work, improved his stats, received promotions, slept with the random girl when the mom was out and I had enough money to really improve the house. I was ready to blow this whole thing up and today it was perfect. The mom was still in the house, the adulteress was walking down the sidewalk and the dad was working out. The adulteress went around the back of the house and waited. She wasn't going to hide that easily. I told the mom to go out and start BBQing and the dad to go kiss his femme fatale. They didn't... I slammed my fist against my desk. What the hell was wrong with this game? The mom left the house and the lady came in, then the dad kissed her. Not what I wanted! They walked to the bedroom again, and I knew they would start having sex. They did, but then the kid walked in. My blood ran cold. I noticed above the headboard there was a painting in the game of a loon gliding across a smooth lake's water. The same painting at my mother's house... The adulteress had something familiar about her too. The jet black hair. Then it happened. I remembered. When I was a kid I walked in, trying to find mom. When I opened the door and asked, this lady was on top of my dad... I fast forwarded the timer. The same routine continued, until a month later when, I guess it was my mom, had found out and was yelling at my dad. They screamed and my dad threw a plate against the wall before storming out of the house. I watched my mom crawl up beside the broken pieces and cry. I watched the AI do what I knew was going to happen. I remembered, clear as day, walking up to her that day. I sat down beside her as she cried. Whenever I cried she gave me my teddy bear, Mr. Cuddles and that day I gave him to her. As I watched the animation of me lean up beside her, the game slowly fizzled out and a "game over" screen appeared. Feelings of regret and reminiscence took me. It had been awhile since I last talked to my mother. Things were busy lately (as busy as they can be when you decide to play a video game instead of calling your mother) and I knew my father was a scumbag, but she never told me what happened. I figured he just left--he was always flakey anyway. But in all those years of raising me, I never knew the full sadness she carried. So I picked up the phone and dialed her number. "Jeffery! What a treat to hear from you! What have you been up to?" she answered. "Well first off, I just wanted you to know I love and miss you, but other than that, nothing," I joked. She laughed and we talked for the next hour. It was simple, but I think it made today a little more cheerful for the both of us. Edit: Added to the ending. ----------------------------------- More stories at /r/ItsPronouncedGif. Thank you so much for reading! 