
I always knew my cat was different. The little bastard was far too smart to be a normal cat. He did things just to mess with me on a daily basis. So, when I came home from work to find a woman with horns sitting on my couch with MY ice cream in hand and my bastard cat in the other, I wasn't exactly surprised. I closed the door and sat my briefcase down with a heavy sigh. "What's all this?" "Oh, he said you'd be home, but I didn't believe him. He's a liar. All he does is lie and lie and--" "Woah, hold on a second. Who are you?" "Catize, co-ruler of the third level of hell," she said as she let my cat go and held a hand out to me. It was covered in scales and her nails glinted like knife points. I gingerly took it and only shook once before stepping back. "Uh--nice to meet you? Why are you in my living room--?" I turned and looked at the TV and cursed. "Is that really 'You Got Mail? Did you rent that? Man, I didn't budget for that." "He said it would be fine. It's my favorite movie," she said and sniffed. "And I'm upset." "I can see that. Why?" "Because he," she pointed at my cat who I swear rolled his eyes before looking at me. "Won't come home." "He won't... come home?" "He says--no, he's the reason you won't leave so he should know. If you can't be true to him then why are you staying with him?" She snarled and then faced the TV again. She scooped a bit of mint chocolate chip ice cream from the tub she held. I was really looking forward to that ice cream all day. It was my cheat day. "He doesn't want to leave you." "And where would he be going if he did?" "Back to running the third level of hell, like he was assigned to do-- Yes you were! Lucifer only gave you a thousand years off. That was up eight years ago. You were suppose to be back--you were suppose to be in my arms again but no, you want to stay because..." she turned to me and I felt a chill run down my spine at the look she gave me. "You want to stay with your best buddy." "Um, I'm sorry, I don't really understand what's going on." "He," she pointed at the cat with her spoon and green pieces of ice cream splattered his fur. He growled and bared his teeth. "Oh, don't start with me. This is ruining my diet." "Okay, look, I've had a crap day and you know what, if you want to take Elvis then take him." "You hear that, he wants you to go." My cat stared at me, his eyes wide and I swear the bastard was giving a good try at a puppy dog look. He hopped down from the couch and for the first time since I owned him, he rubbed his body across my shins. "You--you're disgusting," the woman shouted and tossed the spoon at both of us. She was on her feet now, a heat haze wafting off her. "You would do that in front of me? You said that you only rubbed my legs, you lying bastard." "What the hell--" "That's exactly it, I'm going back to hell and I'm taking the kids to my mom's. She was right, you are nothing but an asshole looking for your next bit of catnip. I can't believe you! Ten thousand years of my life gone, and for what? This fat pig of a human?" "Hey..." I said. I had put on a few pounds, but I wasn't... fat. "Shut it. I hope you're very happy together, and don't you come crawling back to me, you hear? I don't care how much you purr!" The door slammed and a waft of sulfur filled my nose as a flash lit up the windows. I looked down at Elvis who was sitting between my feet, watching the door. "This makes way too much sense," I said and he looked up at me. "Why would you stay?" "Because you're my bro. You give me free catnip and I don't gotta take you to the fire geysers or one of Shakespeare's stupid plays," he said in a voice that was too deep for the size of cat he was. "Right... wait, Shakespeare is in hell?" "Duh, you don't write like that without selling your soul. Made that deal my self," he said while cleaning his fur. He stopped after a few seconds and looked back up to me. "I'm hungry," he said and went to the kitchen. I sighed and went to fetch the can opener. 