
The king readied his killing blow, the hero fallen at his feet. He had fought valiantly, but he was inexperienced, too rash. The king studied him closely, realizing that this was no hero - it was just a kid, not even 16 years of age. A kid that had taken on a king. He decided that the boy deserved more than this. He would not waste a will as strong as his. ***** He treated the kid harshly, but fair - just as he did everyone else in his kingdom. The weak would not survive in such a harsh world, and the leaders most of all could not be feeble. The boy was a fast learner though, and worked harder than anyone had before him. The king quickly grew to respect him, which only made him push him harder. The king resented the rival clans, forcing such a massive responsibility on their most capable prodigy, thrusting him into death before he was truly ready for battle. Were they so desperate for conquest? So naive to think that a child could defeat an emperor with heart and will alone? The king personally trained the kid every day, beating him over and over again. With each improvement, each move towards mastery, the king would treat him more brutally. The boy would pass out from exhaustion each day, and the king would carry him to his bedroom in the dark of night. His advisers called him crazy for it, but he would not listen to their whispers. A king could not rely on the feeble ramblings of others. All the while, the king would deal with the constant strife in the land, directing wars on all fronts, slowly working on bringing the warring provinces under one rule with an iron fist. The kingdom grew every day, but not without loss - horrific loss - from every side. Still, he would not rest until every land was under his command, and his generals, promoted through pure competence alone, had never failed him yet. The years passed quick succession, the bodies piling up, blood pooling into the rivers. Still he would not rest, and still the kid would not give up. He had become a father figure to him of sorts - he knew that the kid hated him, but he knew that he loved him in a way as well. He had become a capable fighter, worthy of leading his own army, but the king would not let him leave the fortress until he had defeated him in battle. Every day was a brutal training regime, and every day the kid gained ground on him, just as the king did in the land. The kid had spent a total of seven years in the fortress, and had grown immensely strong. Still, his heart was pure, and he had fallen in love with one of the girls tasked with caring for his wounds, as she did with him. The boy knew that fraternization was not allowed, and he kept their love hidden - but nothing was ever hidden from the king. Their love grew in apparent secret, as she personally attended his wounds each night. On the tenth year anniversary of the boy's attack on the king, the same day that the king had finally united all of the lands under his own command, the kid, now a young man capable of besting any foe, asked the king if he could marry the girl he cared for. He revealed the true nature of their love, and revealed that though they had a troubled relationship, he loved the king, too. The king refused. He told him that he had heard of his sinful affair, and his plans to marry her, and had immediately had her executed. He commanded that he forget everything about her, and that he ready himself for his daily battle. The hero, betrayed and enraged, immediately attacked the king. 10 years of brutal battle had made him the strongest warrior in all the land - matched only by the king. They fought viciously, ferociously, as the king commanded his guards to stand down. They would fight alone, unheeded by his men. The fighting was bloody and brutal, yet the hero slowly gained the upper hand, his passion driving him forward, every strike backed by the bottled fury of a decade past. He knocked the king down, standing over him, readying the killing blow - just as the king had done so many years ago. The king told him to end it, and the hero did so, his tears mixing with the king's blood. The king was dead; as dead as the hero's heart. The guards opened the fortress doors, and the young woman, his true love, stood facing him. The king had lied. He had never executed the girl, nor had he planned to. He had spent 10 years building up the hero, making sure that he was worthy and capable - but also capable of love. He had brought the land under one rule with an iron fist, but now that the land was united it needed a pure heart, untainted by the brutality necessary for its unification. Though perhaps the hero would never truly understand, he would still lead. Lead the kingdom into an era of peace, prosperity, and hope. ***** ***** If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 