
It was like Japanese, except drawn by a man with tremors. Strange, complex characters that looked almost like they intended to paint a picture in and of themselves. "I think your printer is broken, Miss." I turned the ticket, tapping at the gibberish. "This is unreadable." She shook her head. "Gate F. Walk through E and show the attendant your ticket." I narrowed my eyes. "Okay, but... Whatever. What does it cost?" "Nothing monetary." "Sorry, what?" "It costs no money." "Okay, but..." There was an oddity to the situation, yes, but what started as a dare quickly became curiousity. I mean, it was an airport, so it's not like they could kidnap me or something, right? "Sure. Thank you." Back with the group, I showed them my ticket. They took turns gawking at it, flipping it different ways. "What the fuck, man?" Harold asked, passing it to James. "This is a joke, right?" "If it is, the cashier is a really good actor. I mean, this is crazy, right? Like, what the hell is this weird ticket? This feels like a Twilight Zone episode." I took the ticket back. "You better get going if you have any hope of boarding," James said, nodding. "It apparently leaves in twenty minutes." "Yeah, which is even weirder. It should already be boarding by now, so..." "Send snaps. Maybe it'll be some private jet filled with Playboy bunnies," Harold said, ribbing James. "Only one way to find out." I grabbed my bag, waving goodbye and sprinting toward security. They took a look at my ticket, then rushed me through TSA pre and escorted me through Gate E. The guards all shifted uncomfortably as I passed them, and the attendant at the supposed Gate F entrance looked no more comfortable. "Go ahead, sir," the stocky man said, moving to let me pass. He shot a sideways glance at me without bothering to check my ID. I walked through the hallway, which was lit well but had no windows. At the end, there was a door. I hesitated to open it, one hand on the cold doorknob. *I mean, fuck it, right? What's the worst that could happen?* Through the door, I stepped into what was, at best guess, a large warehouse. Sort of like a giant garage, filled with all kinds of technology I hadn't seen before, save for one single thing. A Tesla Roadster. A security officer opened the driver door and motioned me in. "Your ride awaits you." I eyed him, throwing my bag into the passenger seat before settling in. It was comfortable and sleek, modern in all senses. The doors locked without my input, and no amount of pulling at the handles opened them. Suddenly, I was turned upward, my weight shifting back, with a loud whirring sound swirling all around. "What the *fuck*? Hello? HELP ME!" Pounding on the dashboard and windows was fruitless. The only response I received was that of a digital announcer, crackling through an intercom. *"Good luck on your voyage, Starman."* ------- */r/resonatingfury* 