
She leaned forward as they cuffed her, allowing her hair to shield her face. And her feelings. Sam wasn't here, wasn't standing in front of her to give one of his long-winded speeches: her favourite part of their games. He was always so pleased for a chance to babble about the power of justice and morality to triumph over evil and blah, blah, blah. That wasn't why she loved to listen to him: it was the pure joy and passion that lit up his eyes at those moments, that made him so goddamn attractive as he strode in front of her. It was the only time he was close enough that she could reach out and touch him, without her having to pretend to kill him - not that she ever did. Even though she was one of the strongest supers on the planet, she was a coward. But right now, it was taking every ounce of her self-control not to break cover, shatter these ridiculous restraints to demand where he was. Luckily, the cops surrounding her included a young rookie, who was babbling excitedly at the back of the group. "A new super, froze Samson right up, didn't he? What's happening, is he ok? I heard this guy just came in and *zapped*, swooped right in and immobilised him....are we helping him, or not? I mean, we're all here, shouldn't we be..." "Shut up, Jake," an older cop, Murray, growled at the kid. He placed a heavy hand on her shoulder. "Don't you think we have enough to deal with, with this one? The big guy can handle himself." They weren't helping him, no-one was there to face the new super. An ability to freeze rival supers into place? Sam would be helpless, could already be dead. Though he had super-strength, it might not be enough to break free. He wasn't one of the greats, like her: his power lay in his passion for what he did, in his belief in himself. But that could also get the fool killed. She couldn't take it anymore. "Fuck this," she hissed, and used her powers for the first time in years. She hadn't allowed Sam to catch even a glimpse of it, he might have panicked and given up on their rivalry. And she couldn't have that. She allowed the heat to shoot tendrils of flame around the cuffs, melting it in seconds. "Catch you later," she couldn't help but say, as the cops gaped at the melted metal. She jumped lightly into the air, and sped to Sam's location: she'd long ago planted sophisticated tracking devices into his suit, so she could always know if he was nearby. Or far away. Her unease deepened as she was led to the edge of the city, to the industrial area. She rounded the corner of a filthy building, and saw him in the alley. He was lying flat on his back, stiff as a board. "Sam! Oh god," she whispered, and she lay her hands on his chest, hoping desperately to feel his heartbeat. Please, let it be there, let her be able to save him, she had a smattering of medical knowledge - Her hands paused as she felt it - strong and steady. His hand suddenly shot up to catch hers in an iron grip, and he sat upright. "I knew it," he whispered, his green eyes gleaming as he stared at her. "You broke free from them in seconds, didn't you? You've been wasting my time, Venema, giving up too easily. Why? What game are you playing at?" "You made up this other villain to prove that I've been giving up too easily?" she asked, and he nodded, grinning widely. "Now I just need to figure out why," he said, his hand still holding hers. "I've already received a part of the truth from the police - you've been concealing your powers, just as I suspected. Tell me why. Are you stalling, until more of you arrive? What is it? And don't try to lie to me. I can always tell when people are lying to me, face to face." She knew her pulse was racing, giving her away even as his fingers lay upon her wrist. She wanted to smack him over the head, suddenly - he thought that was his great power, hell, it was the reason he'd chosen his stupid name. But she'd never had any difficulty fooling him. She was *still* fooling him right now, and he was too dense to see it. "Can you?" she whispered, leaning forward until she could smell him, could kiss him. "Okay, here it is. I've been toying with you because it's amusing to see how easily you're fooled. Because it will make it so much funnier when I crush you in seconds, right before your beloved city." His face crumbled at the thought, hurt flashing into his eyes, and she regretted her words. How did he ever convince himself of his power to discern the truth? "Well, now I know," he said quietly, letting her hand go and standing up. "The games are over, Venema. Stand up and face me. If my city falls, it won't happen without a fight, I can promise you that." "God, you're so stupid," she groaned, and yanked him closer to kiss him, some of the heat she was feeling escaping from her palms and scorching his shirt. He yelped in pain and stared at her in absolute bewilderment. She slowly managed to get her powers under control - something she'd never had trouble with before. "Look at that," she said quietly, staring at her hands, and then at him. "You make me lose control, Sam. Getting to the truth has never been your real power." --------------- Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. 