
The room was quiet. After a busy, hectic day, this was the best room in the house to John. It was a place of solitude, a place to reflect. He watched the fire place, as the flames continued to dance and crackle, warming the room and warding off the brisk autumn air outside of his house. He poured a small glass of whisky and lit his pipe, as was customary during the daily ritual. *"Stop! Please, don't do this! I'm a human!"* He took a small sip of the whiskey and contemplated those words. All his life, he had a certain love for animals. How could he not? John discovered his gift at a young age. It started as just small whispers coming from the family dog. "*Play?*" "*Hungry...*" "*Potty.*" Every time John would respond to these one-word cues, the dog would show more trust and loyalty. It was a relationship that would foster an ever love for animals. John put down his pipe and continued to watch the dying flames. He nursed the whisky a bit when the small sound of a bell caught his attention from behind. "Ahhh, good. You found the study. Are you getting used to the place?" There was no response, but John didn't need one, he knew his guest was still adjusting to the surroundings. Afterall, they had just met for the first time today. John became a veterinarian due to his love and understanding of animals. He was a natural and was widely regarded as one of the best. He had worked with all sorts of animals: Dogs, cats, horses, livestock. It didn't matter, their 'voice' would always reach his ears, and thanks to that he could always pinpoint the problem. One portion of the job though he could never get used to, was when people brought their animals in for the 'final goodbye.' John understood he was putting the animal out of their misery most of the time, but he could never explain to the people how he could hear the last words of their beloved companions. Most of the time, it would be words of endearment, a simple *"I love you human, thank you for all the great years..."* Sometimes, he had to put animals down who had gone out of line. In most recent memory, a dog had gotten out of his owner's backyard and killed the chickens belonging to the neighbour. Most animals who are brought in for this reason beg and plead. *"I won't do it again, I swear, so please just give me a 2nd chance!"* A small shadow crept around the study, and John's eyes were fixated on it. A small smile came across his face as he continued to watch and reminisce about the event earlier in the day. A lady who bred cats had come into his clinic, seeking to have a kitten put down. "You see, this kitten is blind. I can't keep it, and I can't sell it for profit, so it needs to be put down." John looked down into the basket she had brought the animal in. It was a small, Siamese kitten, whose eyes were sealed shut, never to open. He stroked the cats head. "Are you sure you can't find a good home for this poor little thing?" The woman shook her head. "I've tried..." John knew better than to believe her. Someone would still take a blind cat. They may need some special care, but the people are out there who would care for this poor thing. "I just want to move on, and put this poor kitten down..." John looked down at the kitten again and shivered as he heard the words so clearly. *"Stop! Please, don't do this! I'm a human!"* John reached into his wallet and handed the lady a $50 bill. "I know it's probably not what you would want normally for a kitten, but I will take him off your hands." The study was now getting darker as the fire died down to embers. The small cat had made his way up to John's lap. *"Thank you for saving me, fellow human.*" John stroked the head of the young cat. "You silly kitten." His new friend simply couldn't comprehend the many differences in species. He was innocently blind to those kinds of differences. 