
*December, 2016* ________ "Do me, do me!" Rhea cries in delight. I smile. I've never seen her so excited in a long time. I hold the viewfinder to my eye. The shutter clicks, and machinery inside whirrs to life. A polaroid picture slowly rolls out of the camera. "Oh my god..." Rhea breaths. "I must be... 8 years old in this photo. Look, I'm even wearing the little green bow momma gave me!" I laugh. Yes, I remember the green bow. Rhea has since found a goth-er style, with dark violet eyeliner and matching hair. She wears a simple black T shirt and ripped jeans. I realize I'm staring at her again, and I quickly look away before she notices. A series of polaroid photos clutter the kitchen table. There's my corgi as a puppy (she's 10 now), our ancient, rusty toaster looking as shiny as a new iPhone and the tree in our backyard as a mere sapling. Other than that, everything else has just returned a blank photo. I guess that means it didn't exist 10 years ago. "Dude, let's go check out what your bedroom looked like in the past!" Rhea exclaims. My heart skips a beat. "What... now?" I stutter. "It's getting late, isn't it..." "Come on, let's go!" She takes my arm and drags me upstairs. I hope she can't see me blushing. Thank god it's dark. My bedroom is small and utilitarian, with white walls and a small table which faces the window. I never quite liked the room. "Quick, snap a photo!" Rhea giggles. I aim the viewfinder at the table. As I take photo, it occurs to me that the house didn't exist ten years ago. Rhea looks at the polaroid from the camera. She puts her hand over her mouth. "Oh my god..." "What is it? What's on it?" She points to the window. "Wait. Take a photo of the view outside the window." Mystified, I walk to the window and snap a photo. As the polaroid develops, I'm confused by what I see. A glowing metropolis sprawls across the landscape, with gleaming silver towers. I look closely and see tiny, colourful dots floating in the distance. *They're flying cars,* I realize. Rhea walks over and shows me the polaroid in her hand. A man sits alone at the table. His face is wrinkled, and his long, dark hair is beginning to show patches of white. His eyes are a familiar shade of blue. A long scar runs down his right eye to the corner of his lips, beside a small star-shaped birthmark. Unconsciously, my hand reaches to touch the birthmark beside my lips. He looks exactly like me. And he's staring directly into the camera. 