
The third time I died was the hardest. I have died hundreds - maybe thousands - of times. But the third time is still the one that sticks with me most. But it made me who I am. It was a cool day. The sun peeked out from the clouds, striking the window, and the light slowly woke me up. The window was cracked just enough to let a cool breeze in, and I could smell the start of fall. As I woke, I could see a woman sleeping in the chair next to my bed, a teddy bear gripped in her arms. Beside her, on the floor but propped against both the chair and the wall, a man was snoring lightly. They both had red, puffy features. A nausea roiled in my stomach, and a fought down bile and an urge to throw up. I ached all over, and felt almost wooden in some areas. I slipped from the bed, careful not to wake them, and looked into the mirror on the dresser. There I was... maybe 12, wearing pajamas of some cartoon I did not know. A little girl. I had no hair, and with the sickness, I knew exactly what it meant. I admit, it broke me a little bit. The whole reason I started down this path... well, that's another story. Still, I knew this would be her last day. I assumed her parents knew things would be ending soon as well, given their state. Until then, I had looked at this as an adventure. One day to live as someone new. New experiences, new places, but I could do what I want and damn the consequences. I woke my 'parents' up. They were surprised to see me up. Considering how I felt, I was too. But I lied. I told them I was feeling okay today. So, we ate breakfast as a family. We spent the day as a family, and every little while, I made sure to tell them how much I loved them. And when evening came, I told them I was not feeling well. I told them I did not think I was going to wake up tomorrow. They cried. I cried. But I told them how much I loved them, and how I knew they loved me. And then we all climbed into bed together, and I went to sleep. I do not know what happened to them. I hope that day meant as much to them as it did to me. I have died hundreds of times, now. But I have lived a hundred last moments where I hope I brought closure to lives that needed it - not to those who die, but those who live. It has been so long, I have forgotten who I was. But in doing so, I became everyone. 