
"My mother always told me that a young woman should be careful out there. There were bad guys, watching and waiting to hurt innocent women. When I was young I assumed these bad guys were like villains in the story books, taking princesses off to a dark tower. The big bad wolf in the scary forest. I'm older now. There aren't any dark towers or wolves. There are worse things than that. I heard about Dark Guardians while studying engineering in college. I wasn't a popular girl. I didn't do the things college girls were supposed to do. So I spent a lot of time online, on social media, debating other nerds on message boards. I don't remember how the Guardians came up, but as soon as I looked them up I was intrigued. Maybe their name sounded like something out of my childhood story books. But it turned out they didn't just waste ink on the internet. They actually did something. For some reason the cops didn't seem to care about the online groomers. I had no idea how rife this shit was until the Guardians showed me. A teen could hardly play a game online without some creep asking "asl?", beginning the process of grooming that ended in some very fucked up places. The Guardians tried to do something about this. They started posing as kids, luring the perverts out in conversations that eventually turned sexual. We reeled them in like a marlin on a long line, until they agreed to a meeting irl. But every time we confronted them in some public place, and passed the messages to the cops, nothing happened. It was circumstantial; it was hearsay; it was entrapment; you should stop, this was dangerous. And then video calling suffocated us. The pervs wouldn't risk meeting up without seeing you for real, and getting you to do what they wanted on camera. That almost scuppered the Guardians: they were fat middle aged dads. But I had always looked younger than I was. With the right clothes and pigtails I looked just right. Once they'd seen me on cam, those fuckers dropped their guard as quickly as their pants. Then it was no problem to arrange a face-to-face in a *mutually convenient location* aka this warehouse." "I don't know why you're telling me this. I haven't done anything wrong." "Really? Let me check the transcript. You said she was 15 when she lost her virginity to you?" "Yeah, but, that's legal in my country. It's pretty common. I was only 16. Please, you gotta let me go." "Legal. Moral. What's the difference you sick fuck? And now you're here with me?" "You said you were 18. I'm only 2 years older than you." "You like DIY?" "DIY? I don't...Please, just let me go and we'll forget about this. I don't even know your real name or anything." "Pliers or angle grinder? Ooh, maybe blowtorch. Eenie meenie, miney mo..." You should be careful out there. You should be afraid of the big bad wolf. There are bad guys. And girls. 