
"Hit it doc, I'm ready." The doctor jabbed the syringe into my arm nervously. "If you win you'll find your reward underneath your bed. Good luck. " "Sweet. I assure you doc there will be no luck involved. Only-" darkness flooded my mind. The last thing I saw, was the doc scampering out of the room. I opened my eyes. "What the hell?" I squinted as I looked at a lab room drained of its color with a grain filter constantly flickering over my vision. I hopped off the bed and literally floated for a moment. "Whoa," I said, then began hopping side to side, throwing a few quick jabs. I was quickly getting use to my new body. Suddenly, I heard an unearthly guttural screech from the corridor to the psyche ward. It sent a chill down my spine. "Shit. What the hell did I get my self into..." I took a deep breath then exhaled slowly. "Let's get this over with." I walked down the dark corridor until I was met with a reinforced steel door. I reached for the handle of the door but my hand simply slipped through. "Oh." *I'm such an idiot,* I thought. I walked through the door into the lobby of the psyche ward. The lights flickered eerily as I continued deeper into the psyche ward. There were more doors and corridors everywhere. I looked around me, wondering where the screech had come from when suddenly I heard something behind me. I twisted around quickly. "Papa?" a little girl with dark hair over her face stood alone in the dimly lit room. "What? I'm not your-" I held my breath. She had a gaping hole the size of my fist where her chest was. "You're the ghost?" The little girl responded by opening her mouth wide. I stared into the pool of darkness within her mouth and saw something move. Then she screamed that dreadful screech. "Hey. Hey! Shut the fuck up!" I shouted. To my surprise she stopped. Then she started walking towards me. No, with each step she flickered, vanishing and then reappearing closer. I frowned. "Neat trick." I wondered if I could do the same. I started walking around the room, attempting to reproduce the same flickering effect but only managed to stumble around awkwardly. "What the fuck are you doing?" the little girl asked rudely. "Uhh..." I scratched my head, slightly embarrassed. "I was just trying to do the *flicker.* you know?" "That's not how you do it dummy." She started pacing around me, flickering with every step. "Oh so that's how you do it," I nodded slowly as if I understood. The little girl smiled at me, flashing me with the writhing abyss that dwelled within her mouth. "Wanna see what else I can do?" Without even thinking I replied. "Sure." She put her hand through the hole in her chest, turned around and started waving at me. I shivered coldly. She twisted her head around to look at me. I began laughing hysterically. "Wow! T-that's so cool." "Wanna see what else I can do?!" she said ecstatically, almost bouncing up and down. Before I could say no, she opened her mouth wide again, revealing the writhing pool of darkness. Black tendrils began to slither out of her mouth towards me. I trembled. My knees felt weak. *Holy shit. I need to get out of here.* This was not what I signed up for. If my knees weren't feeling so weak right now, I would have been out the door ages ago. But then I remembered that I couldn't physically leave. I began laughing even more hysterically. "Hahaha, this is cool too but-" She stopped, her tendrils froze in mid motion, inches away from my face. "But?! But what?!" she demanded. "Its not cool enough," I said with a bored expression. "I mean... there must be something cooler than this right?" I asked then demanded. "Show me something even cooler." I felt sweat roll down my back as I prayed for the first time in my life, that this was it. That there wouldn't be anymore. "Okay!" she replied sweetly. *Fuck.* ----- /r/Em_pathy [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Em_pathy/comments/82f3xw/ufc_fighter_turned_exorcist_part_2/) 