
I found myself in an endless gray field, the ground obscured by a thick fog. The man in front of me--if he was a man at all--moved at a painfully slow pace, floating more than stepping. A blood orange moon cast an eerie light on the field, but failed to provide enough light for me to make out the shapes in the distance. "I've always wondered," I asked, staring at the curved blade on my escort's back, "what's the scythe for?" His response filled my ears--but not in the way I expected. The words did not come from a specific direction, and were not dampened by the distance between us. His voice filled my head in the way my own thoughts might. "Protection," he said. I scanned the field around us, watching the shadows dance in the night. Just a little more light and I might have been able to see something substantial--though the Reaper's words lessened my desire for knowledge. "From them?" I asked, my curiosity too much to bear. "From them," a dozen voices whispered in my ears. "Who are they?" He stopped. "You ask many questions, though I suspect you don't want the answers." I stared at his back, wondering what I might see if he turned to face me. His robes were tattered and stained, disappearing into the dense fog at our feet. They floated as if caught in a breeze, though the air felt still to me. "I want to know," I lied. In death, I had finally found the voice I'd been missing. After a moment of silence, the Reaper continued on his path. "They are damned," he said. "So this is hell?" The Reaper laughed, sending a chill down my spine. A hundred voices, children and adults alike, giggled in unison in my ear. "No. This is not Hell. Though it may be for them." Once more, I scanned the landscape. The shadows morphed and fluttered, but none seemed eager to approach. "They aren't coming near us. So why the scythe?" "Not all know their place," he said. "So... will I end up like them? Doomed to watch you escort others to the afterlife?" The Reaper said nothing. After several minutes of walking, we finally approached a large, worn structure. It was made of multi-colored stone, arranged in an arch that must have been a hundred feet tall. Two torches burned on either side of it, filled with blue flame. "This is the end of your journey," the Reaper said, pointing to the gate. I saw a long, yellow bone protruding from the end of his sleeve. Now, more than ever, I wished I could see what he hid beneath his hood. "You never answered my question," I said, approaching the gate. A light glowed at the center, growing brighter as I neared it. "You will not be like them," he said. I turned, unable to control my curiosity. One peek was all I wanted. One look at the famed Grim Reaper. "That was a mistake." His voice was louder, further inside my head. It was no longer a hundred whispers in my ears; his voice was reverberating inside my very skull. The pain grew by the second, and I soon expected my head to split wide open. "I--I didn't mean--please--" the words spilled from my mouth with no coherent structure. The pain grew. I fell to my knees, trying to beg for forgiveness. But every time I opened my mouth, only screams escaped. I felt an immense heat grow behind me. I didn't need to look to know what awaited me; the fiery pits of Hell. Perhaps that was always my destiny. Or maybe it was punishment for trying to know more than I should. I leaned forward, hands pressing against my temples, trying one last time to beg for forgiveness. There was no mercy. No hesitation. I felt the bony hand of the Reaper press against my chest, and I knew it was over. He pushed me through the gate, and I watched as the field of shadows turned to a lake of fire. >Check out r/Ford9863 for more stuff by me. 