
It wouldn't be fair to say I didn't expect this to happen. After all, with how crazy my playlist's tend to be, I barely have control of this newfound power of mine, but now that I find myself in the gym with Kyary Pamyu Pamyu's "PonPonPon" playing in the background non-stop, I can definitely assert that this is no blessing, this is a curse. It all started about ten minutes ago. Everything was working fine, I was playing "Eye of the Tiger," and while confused, those around me seemed to gain strength from the melody. They were all working out to the rhythm of the catchy song. Even I, who has been known to have a tough time at the gym because of my weight, felt invigorated with each and every beat. Of course, not all good things last for long. About a week ago, my sister had found this particular song on Youtube. There was nothing special about it, it was in Japanese, so no one in my family even understood what the song was about, but we paid it no mind since it had a nice rhythm to it. That's when it started. Like my dad would often times say "anything can lead to harm if done in excess." She started playing the song during car rides, family dinners, and even while I was trying to study. To my dismay, the accursed lyrics to the song had dug themselves into my brain with steel screws, and there was no getting them off. A certain key in my head was pressed, and then record scratch. "Eye of the Tiger" came to a stop, and then came that childish noise. *No, no, no!* The people in the gym were even more confused than before. Now unable to stop working out to the rhythm of "PonPonPon," some people even became frightened. There was no stopping it, the moment that song started in my head, it would go on forever, and the more I listened to it, the more it would play. *What an annoying loop to be stuck on!* The song kept playing for a total of two hours and thirty-four minutes, and it only stopped because I passed out from exhaustion. A few hours later I arrived home. My parents seemed concerned because of my pale face, but paid it no mind when I told them I was fine. At least something good had come out of the situation though. It appeared as though my body had completely blocked out the song from listening to it so much, and I couldn't even think of it without getting a headache, let alone play it! I raised a celebratory fist to the sky, then noticed a small shadow lurking under me. "Hey big bro!" my little sister said in her signature squeaky voice. I kneeled down and pat her head. "Hey sis" I said with a smile. She clutched her Ipad in between her clammy fingers. She then held it out for me to see the screen. "What is this?" I asked. "It's a new song I found! Here, give it a listen!" I could feel my heart sink to the ground as *Baby Shark* started playing from the speakers. 