
(1)In the beginning God createth the Heaven and the Earth (2)And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moveth upon the face of the waters. (3)And God saith, Let there be light: and there was light. (4)And whenceupon after all of that, God also madeth other many things too many and too long to trouble to mention, for in the second to sixth days He made many other Earth things, like plants, bacteria, animals, humans. (5)And on the seventh day, God resteth. (6)Whenceupon after that He saveth all His creations upon the Heavens and the Earth in a safe private VPN upon a private server upon the webs and the cyberspace, and He put in a safe and secure password so that no hacker would be able to hacketh nor other people should be able to knoweth. (7)And there shone upon Him the Terms and Service, and God did not readeth upon it, for it was long. (8)And on the eight day, God returned, and He opened up the desktop and went upon the website for Him to loggeth in and He entereth His password. (9)But God was not able to remember upon the essence of His password thereof, and the combination of letters and numbers did not come upon Him, so He clicketh under "Forgot password?". (10)And the instructions thereof told God to send upon the number of His mobile phone, so the combination can be sendeth upon His phone. (11)And so God did and He sendeth upon the machine the exact numbers thereof of His phone, but the combination failed to come upon Him. (12)And so He ceased upon tinkering His mobile phone, and He began to click "Register". (13)And God puteth in a new username, and a new password for it was "Madoka27". (14)But the password He hath sendeth was invalid, for it demandeth a strong combination of numbers and letters, and it saith it was "Weak". (15)So God putteth in a new password anew that sayeth "Madoka27Homura28-privateVPNkoxCdef", and it saith it was "Very Strong". (16)But God was not happy upon it, for it was too long and too hard to remember. So God simply put in "password". And the system saith "Password too short" and that it was "Very Weak" and did not alloweth Him to further pass. (17)And God becameth irritated upon it, so He shook the keyboard upon the desk and so He leaveth and did not returneth upon since. 