
The world was dead. In one terrible moment everything ceased to exist - eons of life and history simply eradicated in one single breath. I stood there, in utter darkness, mourning all the days unlived. 'Welcome, brother,' a voice said. I slowly turned, my heart heavy. There was a man standing before me with golden eyes and glorious golden hair spilling down his bare chest. 'You are the last one to arrive,' he said. 'Arrive where?' I asked, almost angrily. We were nowhere. We were nothing. We were existing in the dark womb of a rotting universe with not a trace of life or right in sight. He smiled. 'That is why we needed you,' he said. 'You have to help us finish the creation.' There was something like melted fire coursing through my veins. I was too angry and too broken to think about anything else. I was too shattered to even breathe without pain. 'The world has ended!' I cried. But my voice had no echo and my body had no shadow and I knew it wasn't right I still existed. There was a deep grunt somewhere in the darknes. 'These younglings are too sensitive,' a deep voice said - a grim shade of boredom painting his voice. 'Leave the boy alone!' A woman said. I couldn't see her face but I could almost inhale the scent of her hair. Something fresh and infinite. Something like forever. The man in front of me listened to their bicker with a benevolent smile. 'Neox has no patience. He was the first of us who was created and he waited for his time for more than twenty centuries. In his eyes you're no more than a child.' I said nothing. I knew I had cursed blood. I didn't bleed and I couldn't die and I watched everyone I loved perish before my eyes. I was 117 years old and I was already tired. I couldn't imagine what it was to suffer for 20 centuries. 'What should I do?' I asked. 'Bring the light,' the man before me said. I closed my eyes trying to bring the light of the day to my mind but it was too painful. I could almost hear Lara's laughter and the hum of the ocean. When I opened my eyes I was standing on a wast field of gold, surrounded with golden trees and golden lakes. There were twenty more men and women with me. The man next to me grinned. 'Regulus created the landscape,' it sounded like he was apologizing. 'He has no taste,dear.' I recognised the voice of the woman who spoke before. She was just as beautiful as I imagined. Everyone laughed. Apart from Regulus, of course. Suddenly I felt a strong pressure in my head and then a voice sounded. It spoke to me, like it existed inside of my mind. 'Welcome to my garden, new gods!' We all turned to look at each other. 'Let's go,' Neox, the oldest of us said. 'Don't let the new kid break something.' This time everyone laughed but me. So, I was a god. Capital. -sorry for mistakes. I'm writing this on my phone. r/CrystalElmTales 