
So warm.... *Warm?!?* My eyes popped open as I realized it was at least two degrees hotter than it should be. That couldn't be right, I had told the kraken to wake me up. I surfaced from the ocean and headed to the poles... *uh oh.*... Shit, shit, shit.... please don't be overpopulated, please don't be overpopulated..... Motherfucker... Los Angeles was a hell hole. I had overslept by at least 25 years.... It was supposed to be a quick nap while that actor was in office.... Then start the apocalypse on his VP's second term... What the fuck happened? I took a human form but decided against going into LA... there are even places I won't go and headed over to Detroit... maybe if I was lucky it was a one off and I still had time before the accountants realized what was going on and called Dave... Detroit actually looked *normal*. I could work with that... But how to start the apocalypse? My old plan was nuclear war, but that took at least a decade. If that calendar was right, I had 1-2 years tops before the boys upstairs started noticing things. I could fake the funk for a little bit... hell even claim LA was part of my master plan, but they'd want to see progress soon. Otherwise I'd have to start explaining why things weren't going the way we had discussed at the planning meeting in 1944. Since LA was out, and the world's second biggest shithole was normal.. I decided to head to New York. A bagel couldn't hurt and who knew, maybe I could come up with a plan.... *Hmmm*... I had a compressed timeline... but maybe I didn't actually have to do anything big. Just make it look like I did something big. I decided to call one of my buddies on the other continent and probe for some info. Knowing him he would be living the high life waiting for the final countdown. "Hey Vlad, it's Tres. How's tricks?" "I do not know a Tres." A think russian accent responded. "Yeah, and I don't know a Whevladisplenimar the Instigator either..." I quipped. "Atresipfor?!? Where have you been? We have been waiting for the big show you promised us." Now was my time to play.. Vlad was fun, but stupid... and a drunk... "You mean the one you were supposed to be helping me with? Typical Vlad, you forgot all the things you were supposed to be doing, didn't you?" There was silence for a moment as my gaslighting started to seep in... I hated to do it to Vlad. We're friendly but he'd fuck me in a heartbeat. That's the kind of relationship we have. When it finally answered it was "Shit... I forgot." "It's okay man. It's okay. I can scrap the old plan. What kind of resources you have at the moment?" "Not much, just running Russia... place is shit but has good vodka. I get to ride tigers and shit and they love me." "Dude, I can work with that. How'd you like to fuck with the Americans?" &#x200B; 