
This was not the first primitive planet they had visited. They knew generally what to expect. It was always the same. They would discover a new species on a new planet and go investigate. This one hadn't taken much longer to get to than any of the others. Only 400 cycles around their star. This species had at least shown some signs of intelligence when first discovered. Granted we do enjoy rocking the minds of the lesser species with our advanced technology. As they approached the planet something was different. It was surrounded. Thousands upon thousands of...what were they exactly? Artificial satellites? No it couldn't be, that is much to advanced for a society that had barely managed the concept of wheels and pulleys. There were too many of them in the sky, they couldn't be avoided. They rammed straight through two of them. It was an accident. Their ship was not damaged, but as they descended they encounter loads of interference. It was across all their ranges too. Radio was a complete disaster, picking up all sorts of random noise. The ship couldn't handle it. They were going down and fast. It was a hard landing. The ship was definitely damaged this time. And who knew if they would be able to repair it on an alien world. But most of their tech had survived, maybe they could use it to become gods on this new world like they had on the other worlds they visited. Upon exiting the craft, it wasn't shock or surprise on the native species faces. Their were small objects in their hands, like they were watching us through the device. Some looked angry, shouting something about "losing WiFi or service". Who knows what they were talking about, but they seemed inconvenient. I began to show them our modern wonders, but instead of awe they just kept the small devices up...and laughing. They all began laughing. More modern miracles and this species was laughing at us. It seems they have grown bored, as most of them are moving on. They've captured us in their small devices and moved on. We have been forgotten. Several of them are still around yelling in the small device. And new ones in large metallic vehicle have begun to show up. They look to be dressed in outfits mimicking the surrounding foliage. The tree clothed species, seem to have come to take care of us. They have surrounded our ship and are taking it away. And they have taken many of us away in their vehicles. Perhaps this species was more advanced than we thought. Perhaps we may not be going home. Perhaps we won't be becoming new gods. 