
I am a cursed man. It didn't matter what cup I chose. The ball would never be underneath. I've seduced many ladies, and that earned me quite unpleasant surprises. They hid things. It didn't matter if I went for the short, delicate one; or the tall, broad one. One way or the another, something would go terribly wrong. The incessant scratch I have in my private parts, and the burn I feel whenever I pee is just a tiny bit proof of my misadventures. But my cursed fortune follows me everywhere. I once lead powerful armies, pillaging entire villages of rebels, widowing their wives in the name of our king. I bathed in gold, swam in wealth. I had an unbreakable reputation. Yet, little would I know, that would be the end of me. I lead an army of a hundred thousand through an alternate route toward the enemy's last standing city. There was no possibility of losing. Their forces were ten thousand men or less, and in case something went poorly, we would simply besiege the city. That battle is known in history as the Finger of the Gods. A tempest unleashed like no man had ever seen. Lightning broke the skies. They fell upon my army by the hundreds, obliterating the vast majority of my men. They struck me too, yet my fortune forbid me to die. They did nothing but scar my body, leaving me standing atop a mountain of calcinated corpses. My sons among them. I surrendered to the enemy. Their city was left intact. My unbreakable reputation, was, after all, broken. They didn't put me in jail, they didn't torture me, they didn't do anything. They claimed I was cursed by the gods, and I believed it, for since that day, those words have proven nothing but absolute truth. Now my hair is graying, and the streets are my home. I count the days waiting to die, yet they won't come. I've sliced my throat with the sharpest knives, but they wouldn't cut. I've hung myself from the thickest ropes, but they always broke. I've drowned myself dozens of times, but I was always saved. I refuse to sleep, for the nightmares haunt me. I've grown fearful, cautious of my every step, for I don't know what disaster they might unleash. I am a cursed man, playing the game of fate against Fate itself. ------------------------------------------------- /r/therobertfall - For more stories 