
Beer bottles and pizza boxes were scattered across the room. My phone had a dozen messages and as many missed calls from worried friends who hadn't seen me except online in a week. They wouldn't understand. I couldn't get it out of my head. The rush, the endorphins - it was the highest high I'd ever had. No games, no sports, no alcohol or drugs from college, nothing touched it. Beer and games and pizza, anything that shut down my mind with these memories that weren't mine. I needed to stop thinking, because thinking inevitably led to that moment. Honestly though, a mugger? Targeting me? I guess I'm not poor. I could afford this week of food and booze. But why me? I didn't have any cash. My coat's not that nice. I was just walking in the cold. But then that knife. It was dark out, but somehow it glinted anyways. I thought that was a camera trick in movies or whatever, but Jesus that blade caught any light around when he held it out. Really I just pushed him. I pushed him and it was snowing and icy and he slipped. A simple slip that's all. Straight backwards, and *crack* - his head against the concrete. Maybe in a field the blood and the snow would look poetic, but there, in the muddy slush, it just looked like rusty iron. But then the sensation. Like I was drawing the life from that opening in his skull. Like I was drinking it. He was great at tool and die work I found out. But everything went to shit with the Big Three folding here in Michigan. Lost his job, never told his wife. Just took to the streets eight hours a day - panhandling, petty thieving, shoplifting for presents. Whatever worked. Until today. Poor woman. What a way to find out. Someone had called the cops, and they found me there staring at him five minutes later. Said I was in shock, gave me a shiny blanket. That whole deal. Took my statement, and that of the witness who called. The whole thing seemed cut and dry. No charges pressed anywhere said the police. The family I'm sure is mourning. Me? I've got the shakes. Bad. Worse than the line of coke I did once. My neighbor's some kinda cleaning person for crime scenes. They told me about it once. Pretty up a house so it's liveable again. Fix up a workplace so people will come back, maybe forget in a while. I never learned how to use a press, but I'm sure I could do it now after the last guy. Damn it. I knew I shouldn't let myself think. 