
"Shit." The elves around the room watched the large screen with expressions marred in both awe and horror. It could not be overstated how tremendous a moment in history this was; the first human to be born off-world, on Mars no less. They'd hoped that the Luna colony would have had that honor, it would have been much less of an issue to tolerate than Mars; but the facts were the facts. There was a child on Mars, and only two days until Christmas. Slowly, they all rotated in their chairs to await the instructions of the man sitting at the end, thoughtfully stroking his ragged white beard. If those humans were warriors for enduring the rush and stress of the holiday season, then he was a goddamn veteran. Thousands of years under his belt as the deliverer of gifts and bringer of cheer had hardened him into the guardian he was today. He looked to his left at the equally wizened Mrs. Claus, who locked gazes with him. Her eyes were seas of emotions which he'd learned to read long ago. While they spoke of worry and fear for the journey ahead ... they also shone bright with faith in the only jolly soul around who could pull it off. With a tired sigh, he pushed himself up from the chair and looked around at his council of helpers. "Ever since humanity expanded into space colonization, we've known this day was coming. Sooner than we hoped, but that can't be avoided now." "How do you propose we deliver the gift? Magic only goes so far, and time is not on our side!" cried one of their tinny voices. "We'll have to leave early. We can swing around Mars' orbit along a selected revolution path which takes us over the colony. When we're over the drop-point, I'll have to send it via orbital care-package. Might be a bit bumpy of a ride, but it should get there," muttered the old man, thinking more to himself than giving an explanation for the audience as a whole. "After that, we can use the remainder of our orbit to sling-shot back towards earth. If we ignore a few of our re-entry protocols, we can shave off a few minutes. That'll get us more time to cover the eastern continents." The elves around the table listened intently, only nodding in agreement and setting off to make emergency preparations once he'd finished speaking. He watched them with steel in his eyes, and a fierce determination that swore not to let even one child, no matter the distance, go without a present on Christmas. "Someone tell Rudolph to get his nose ready. Space is awfully fuckin' dark." 