
You had always wondered if a chair propped under a doorknob would actually keep a door closed. Now you knew it did, but you wished it was under better circumstances. At first you thought that Stacy was just hung over; it was a wild night, after all, and you both had spent entire mornings just groaning and eating everything but the kitchen sink. This morning, though, was definitely different. It started with her endless screeching, which you ignored because quite frankly you wanted to screech, too. Then it was the tossing and turning, the kicking and crying. A bad hang over, then. You decided not to give her a hard time about it. The line was crossed, however, when you offered to feed her some breakfast and she bit your hand. The chase around the house was brief and ended with you trapped in the guest room, chair propped under the doorknob, listening to her kick and scratch at the door and walls. You calmed down enough to be thoroughly terrified, and used the landline to call the only person you could think of: your mother. You explained the situation to her three times before she stopped laughing. "This is serious!" you barked, "I think she's possessed or something!" "But she bit you!" You let her laugh for a moment, still distraught that your own mother found this amusing. "But, mom, there's something wrong. I don't know what to do!" "I'll go ask someone at the church, alright?" "Alright, thanks, please hurry!" You sat in silence for two hours. You left your cellphone in your bedroom, you and Stacy had just moved the desktop out of the spare room last week, and you had decided against putting a TV in here. Once the panic had subsided and Stacy had stopped violently assaulting the wall, you grew rather board. You were shocked out of your self-pitying by a knock on the door. Stacy's voice was rough and soft, "Hey, Anna? That's your name, right?" That caught you for a moment; Stacy's voice, but without Stacy speaking. "Um, yeah. I'm Anna." "I was looking through the scrapbooks in the living room," her voice explained. "This is Stacy's body? Yeah?" "That's right . . ." "I'm sorry that transition was so rough back there," she chuckled. "It's just, I really need to feed, when I first take over a body? It's rough." "Take over a body?" Stacy's voice sounded sad, "Oh, yeah. You're going to want Stacy back. Right?" "I mean, it's her body, I live with her, yeah." You're both quiet for a moment. It sounded like Stacy, or rather Stacy's body, sat down against the wall in the hall. You sat on the other side of the door, listening for any signs of something entirely demonic. "What's your name?" You ask through the door. "Lilli." "Lilli? That sounds awfully normal for a, um, well, uh . . ." "A demon. Yeah. It's a nickname, for Lilith." Your eyes widened, "Like, THE Lilith?" "No," she laughed, the sound so much deeper and richer than Stacy's. "There are, like, a few thousand of us. All named after the first one, but yeah. That's why I go by Lilli. Lil, if you're feeling friendly." You find yourself smiling, but then check yourself. You're not supposed to be smiling with Lil, short for Lilith. "What are you doing here?" "It's kind of nicer, wouldn't you think? With trees and grass and quiet. There's always screaming, back home. I like the quiet." You looked towards the somewhat busy street that lead into town. You never thought of it as quiet, but you supposed it was nice. It wasn't too noisy, no screaming at least. "If I open the door will you try to eat my hand again?" She laughed again, dark and rolling. "No, I found something else to eat." You don't think about that sentence too much and open the door, for a moment eager to see what she looks like before you realized Lil is possessing Stacy's body. You're disappointed. She smiled when you open the door, and you can see dried blood on her face and neck. It's Stacy's body still, but she stood differently, without fidgeting or swaying on her feet. This is Lil. "So, you found something to eat?" you gestured to the mess she made uneasily. "Oh, um, yeah, sorry . . ." she stepped to the side and you could see more blood in the kitchen. You peaked in and saw Stacy's cat dead on the floor. "It's just. I need blood, in whatever capacity. I'm not super picky about the source. I hope you're not upset." You could see something like genuine remorse on her face, even as she tried to justify herself. "I know a lot of humans like their pet things, but I don't see the appeal. I am sorry, though." "It was Stacy's cat," you replied, heart suddenly warm. "I never cared for it, and it hated me. Say, do you like plants? Like gardens, growing things?" Lil's face lit up, smile bright, "I love gardens! I always look for them when I'm on Earth! We don't have interesting plants back home." The landline rang and you almost ignored it, but second thought ignoring a call. It was your mom again. "Dear, I'm at the church with Father Welch. He said he can perform an exorcism for you." You guess Lil could hear the conversation, as her body tensed up. "Actually, Mom," you say slowly, improvising on the spot, "I don't actually need that priest actually? Um, thanks for your help?" "Did you get the demon out of your girlfriend?" "Um," you hesitate, looking at the demon possessing your girlfriend, and lied. "I did, yeah, I did. Thanks Mom!" You hung up before she could ask anymore questions. "Right," you said, bouncing on your feet, leading her outside toward the backyard, "to the garden!" 