
People say I'm a fool, ever since my 10th birthday, the age where you could start allocating your points, I put it into one skill. At first it overwhelmed me so much to choose from. There was strength which made you stronger physically. Some built themselves with this stat becoming Footballers or MMA fighters. Some focused on intelligence, feeling that brains will always beat brawn. They grew up to become politicians or Scientists. Others focused on charisma and charm, getting their way by being such likeable people. Their path in life were becoming comedians or even actors. There were many more skills of course. But there was one thing in common with everyone's build. They distributed some points into other stats and not all into one. After all, what was the point of having Super strength but not having the intellect to use it well. Well, I lied not everyone did this for example ,me. Actually there were two lies, there is another thing common for all people. They never put any points in a certain stat. This skill was the one thing no one ever and I mean ever put their points in. Actually oops I lied again. One person did put his points into that skill. Me. What fools they were. All of them, they couldn't see that the skill I chose was the best , the pinnacle of mankind. The skill I chose? Luck. After all why would someone put points into luck when you could put it into the skills you need to do the task wether lucky or not. But I knew better with all my luck I could walk down the street and a $1000 bill will just drop on me. I could get into an mma fight and win by default as all opponents were sick. I made scientific breakthrough after breakthrough by mixing random chemicals. Thinking back now at age 50 all these accomplishments really started when I was 30. The day I placed my 30th point into luck, despite the protest from my friends and family, everything changed. I became a god, an untouchable being, if any harm would come my way something would miraculously block it. This was the day I set out from a life of being made fun off. Off being bullied due to being no strength or intelligence. Off being belittled due to my choice.That was the day my life changed for the better. If someone were to ask me if I knew this would happen. I would always answer "Of course not, I Guess I just got...." Lucky. Sorry about formatting on mobile 