
"You're telling me that none of this is real?" I gestured to my beautiful wife and children, to my home and car. To the beautiful blue sky and the relentless summer sun. "Sir, I'm sorry to inform you but your User Occupancy has expired according to our registry." Beads of sweat rolled down my forehead and yet the man before me was cool as ice in his business suit. I frowned. "Okay buddy." "You have until noon to claim the renewal package and continue your experience." I checked my wristwatch. I had less than two minutes before noon. I chuckled to myself, "And if I don't claim this... renewal package? What's going to happen huh?" "You will simply be ejected from this reality," the man said all matter-of-factly. I didn't like the sound of that. "Is that a threat?!" I shouted angrily. Suddenly I could hear crying from my two year old daughter. I glanced behind me and saw my wife and children staring. My wife held Amy in her arms tightly, her face deep with concern. "Dad is everything okay?" asked my brave son who learned how to ride a bike just yesterday. "Yea David," I called back. "Don't worry everything is fine." I looked at my wife, her long brown hair flowed elegantly around her shoulders and chest. "Get the wallet," I said and my wife's eyes went wide. I turned my attention back to the man. "Sir, you have 42 seconds until your ejection from this reality." "Hey. Is it money you want? How much?" I asked. "In order to claim the renewal package you must manually disconnect-" My wife tapped my shoulder with a finger. In one swift motion, I grabbed the shotgun, brought it close to my hips and pulled the trigger. "Good job Jess," I said. She had remembered what I had told her about 'Get the wallet'. "Honey!" she shrieked. Two things happened in an instant. First, the man in the business suit had disintegrated, crumbling to tiny blocks of pixels and fading into nothing. Second, another man, identical in appearance stepped out of my neighbor's door from across the street. He pointed at me with a finger. A blue flash of light, and a beam lanced through the air to puncture me right through my chest. My wife screamed. I turned to look at my wife, her face an expression of abject horror. I looked down at my chest. A clean hole the size of my fist through my chest. There was nothing inside me, no internal organs, no blood. Darkness pervaded my mind. And then there was light. A bright white light that twisted and formed letters. It read, '*Disconnected*'. ---------- /r/Em_pathy 