
If fate had her way, I wouldn't be here. Everyone born with the mark of their calling. Their spirit animal. A natural tattoo as large as one's hand embedded in the skin over your heart. Usually, the spirit animals were inherited from generation to generation. No child ever getting an animal different than their father or their mother, as a piece of their spirit lived on within their offspring. My father was a frighteningly powerful man. And my mom, from all I've been told, was a kind and gentle woman. Their having a bear and a dove for spirit animals meant I should be at least one of the same, and in rare cases something similar though not far off. I've heard it was my mother who knew before the others, and made an escape for the mountains with my father and a trusted companion to help with the delivery to escape the Anointed. Those who decided which spirits could remain in the world. History taught us many things, among them the dangers of having the wrong spirit animals within the society. From their secluded citadel in the high forests, those sages decided who lived and who died. Oftentimes, they were right. And those who forsook their foresight rarely did so twice. For centuries, the Anointed decided the fates of fresh generations. For the sake of us all. A strange flash of pain always bursts through my blood, when I think about the way my father described that night to me. A flash of guilt, and a bitter wish that maybe things would have been better had they listened. Had they never strayed, and saved me. "Keep him secret," whispered my mother Gloriel. Her name wasn't regal, but it sounded regal all the same. Had she lived, she would have lived a queen. "Protect him until he can protect himself." My father never cried, but he cried ever so briefly when describing that night to me. A burst of deep sobs that he immediately buried deep back into himself. He told me everything, the night I learned what I could do in the waters. We lived in the mountains, and I never knew why, even in our isolation, I could never see the sea. He never asked for more, but there were moments where I wondered if he felt robbed of a life of contentment by me. These types of decisions. These defiances of fate, there are consequences. And those consequences don't often manifest in immediate circumstance, but in some deeper day where the full scale payment of a sin evolves into something greater. Taking these fresh steps into the ocean, with dark clouds brewing over head and a gentle sun being blinded by the storm, I realize there's something awakening again within me that I cannot control. I've only done this once before, and awakened alone in a far away land with nothing but the memories of violent nightmares and the destruction of lives, accompanied by the strange thrill that I need to learn what's taken possession of me. I can hear the tree branches creaking and snapping with the breeze. The thatched roofs coming undone, and the shattering of windows. I take another step deeper into the sea. It feels like that thrill in the waters was all of an eternity ago. I'm doing my best to remain lucid this time, as I anticipate the crashing of the waves. Things shouldn't have happened this way, but they did. If fate had her way, I wouldn't be here standing in the ocean. At the end of things. 