
Crystal sat in the lobby and swiped left repeatedly. It wasn't that she wanted to swipe left, it was something of habit. Stare at the water fountain, look down, swipe left, look up. Watch the hot-dog vendor upsell the bratwurst, look back and swipe. Who likes sauerkraut anyway? She bit her lower lip, wondering what was taking Matt so long. A shifty looking guy in sunglasses watched her from afar. He ate a plain bratwurst. But he didn't really eat it--more of a nibble--something routine to pass the time just as Crystal swiped left. But in a game of cat and mouse, nobody looks for the hawk. The hawk always wins. Matt was the hawk. He was as shrewd and sarcastic as they came, partly because he knew all the answers, but mostly because he knew people better than they knew themselves. Mind reading is a funny, fickle thing. "You don't read a mind," he once said, "You read a memory card. I can't read your thoughts, just your memories, and your memories tell me everything." "You can see into my past?" Crystal asked. "I can predict your future." "That's trippy." "Only if you let it get to your head. Want to know what you're about to do?' Crystal rolled her eyes. "Surprise me." "You're about to write your number down on this piece of paper, and then when I call you later tonight, you're going to pick up." Matt was good. Too good for his own good, if Crystal had a say in things. Which she did--she always did. Ever since that night, eight years earlier when they stayed on the phone for hours talking. Crystal remembered laughing. "Why do you like talking to me so much?" "On the phone? Because I can't use my powers. And that's refreshing. Not knowing the truth, having to figure it out for myself, there's something awesome about that, something mysterious." "Sexy?" "You're not my type," Matt said. "And what is your type?" Matt quieted. "Broad-shouldered, bearded with suspenders and carrying a big chopping maul." He never told his parents. Never had to. Truth is a lot more subjective when you know everything objectively. What his parents didn't know, along with his blossoming sexuality, is that Matt also had an almost dangerous passion for criminology. Its what led him to the CIA headquarters on a warm spring afternoon. Crystal drove her 1986 Lincoln, packed a hoagie roll for lunch, and wished him the best. How could he fail the interview? He knew the answer to every question. He could probably figure out the questions before they're even asked. Crystal had no reason to worry. And yet--she couldn't shake the feeling that she was being watched. Of course, it was no secret that the CIA was watching. Security cameras and agents outside--standard security. But this feeling, this urge was deeper, more primal and haunting. She caught a lump in her throat and forced back a shiver. Then she looked down and swiped left. Thirty minutes passed. Crystal got hungry, went back to her car and grabbed the sandwich. Matt wouldn't mind. The hoagie was a bit dry, and she wished for a water bottle or something to quench her thirst. She walked around towards the public restrooms and found a fountain. A man stood to the side, talking on his phone. He glanced down nervously at his watch, made awkward eye contact, and shuffled off behind concrete pillars. Crystal walked carefully back to the fountain. She returned to her bench, grabbed her phone, and swiped left again, this time without looking down. Constantly, she scanned the crowd, looking for something, anything! It didn't feel right, this place. There was an eerie peace about it as if everything was put perfectly in place. Even the pigeons flocked in a line, the tourists seemed too vacant in their gaze, and maybe the hot-dog vendor let the bratwurst grill for a bit too long. She couldn't be sure about anything. An hour passed. A hand reached out and grabbed her shoulder. She startled, but Matt's voice reassured her. "Let's go to the car." "Already? How did it go? What did--" Matt squeezed her shoulders. Crystal could feel the sweat from his palms soak through. "Car. Now. I'll explain later." "Is everything alright?" "Yes, it went splendid! Are you ready to go?" Matt said, louder than Crystal thought necessary. She didn't need to be told twice. He reached down and grabbed her hand, lacing their fingers together. Crystal started to speak, but he interrupted. "Act normal. Just walk. Breathe. Smile. Everything is going to be ok. We're an adorable couple. You're such a supportive girlfriend. I'm so glad you brought me here." "What the hell is going on?" "Not now. I know what you're thinking, but please just stay calm. We need to get as far away as possible." Crystal's heart raced. She started to tremble but took a deep breath. "Ok, what's my favorite color?" "Blue, of course!" Her heart dropped like an anchor. Her favorite color was blue, but that wasn't the point. It was her codeword, her signal to Matt, and only the two of them knew. For the first time ever, he failed the test. Whatever walked with her and held her hand--it wasn't Matt. *** r/BLT_WITH_RANCH 