
Her voice was laced with bile and fury as she screamed at me from across our apartment. "If you walk out that door, don't even think about coming back!" I let the slamming of the door and my quick steps down the rusted staircase serve as my only response. She thinks this is some sort of game. Like if we stick to the rules and wait our turn, we're all going to wake up from this misery tomorrow or the next day and find ourselves awash in comfort and cash. But this is not how the world works. It's a cutthroat nightmare where only the strong survive. When we first came here, Alice and I spent the first seven months living off of charity and chance. We then spent the next seven years working multiple jobs just to pay our skyrocketing rent and utilities. Sure, the city's General Office doles out an extra $200 in welfare scraps each month, but you have to find the time, money and energy to get down there in person to collect your check. And those are three things that aren't easy to come by, especially for a guy fresh out of jail. The worst part of this nightmare, though, is seeing the disappointment on Alice's face every single morning as she sips her coffee and sifts through the want-ads. Her sorority sister from college recently invested in the local rail system and lives in a mansion on St. Charles. Her ex-boyfriend owns and operates three hotels in the city and sits on the board of the Electric Company. Even her old shift manager down at the diner is able to earn a little extra on the side by renting out row houses to the Polaks over on Baltic Avenue. Alice's husband, in contrast, is an alcoholic ex-con without a pot to piss in. But that's all about to change. I thought being locked up was the lowest point a man could fall. If you take away a person's freedom, what could possibly be left? But jail took away much, much more. It stripped away my fear, my pride, my weakness. It peeled back all of my excuses and all of the bullshit that I had bought into over the years. And in my place stood a new man lean with muscle and sinew clutching a simple truth: if you want something in this world, you have to take it... by any means necessary. Alice thinks I'm on my way to the bar to drown myself in booze and pity, but she couldn't be more wrong. Instead, tonight my path leads directly to the docks, where the owner of the warehouse district has agreed to hand over full title in exchange for me handing over very revealing photographs of him in very revealing lingerie. Sure, the warehouses are about as attractive looking as a 70-year-old man in a lace teddy and stripper heels, but it's sometimes about what lies under the surface that makes the complete package. Like, for example, zoning ordinances and permits that make the warehouses instantly ready for commercial retail. Or utility contracts that secure very favorable electricity and gas rates for the next 25 years. Or, best of all, an abandoned midway spanning the length of the entire harbor. Sure, Alice will be angry when I get home. But the days of her being disappointed in me are over once she hears about my plan to build a new retail district right here in the heart of the city... in a place the locals used to call "The Boardwalk." 