
I walked to the window and peered out. My watch had gone off, there's someone out there, but I can't see anything. This happens from time to time, it's usually teenagers, so I just wave out the window to let them know I'm there, and continue to stir my tea. A moment drags by, and all I can see through the window is the rustling of grayish branches. I take another sip and as I do, I spot the red dot on the mug. Reflexively I let go, the mug suspended for just a moment in the air as I dart to the side. I look back as it began to fall, pieces of the window had already begun to rain in as the bullet tore through the mug as well. "Shit. That was my favourite mug." Pissed off, I raised myself off the floor. Bullets continued to pepper the house but I'd long ago replaced the insulation with something a little more my style. Let's just say whoever this dead man is he's gonna need a little bit of a higher caliber. "Mommy!" Shit. "Honey! Stay on the stairs I'm coming" Bullets continued peppering the house, I stayed low and made my way over to my daughter. "It's okay baby." "Mommy I'm scared" "Shh" I comforted her. Another window shattered as a bullet found it's mark. "Okay baby, we gotta go in the basement okay." "Okay mommy," and with that we start making our way to the basement stairs. "We need to call daddy!" I roll my eyes, but do my best to keep her from seeing, "Don't worry baby he's coming." When we get to the door, which unfortunately has a few holes in it already, I slide it open and tell my daughter to move as quickly as she can down the stairs. Once she reaches the bottom and enters the larger room, I tap a few options on my watch and the door slams behind me, and spinning out from the centre large bolts make their way into the sides of the reinforced walls. I breath a sigh of relief. My baby girl is safe and there's no way he can touch us down here. I walk down the stairs and look out one of the windows. A red dot and shortly after a bullet slamming into impenetrable glass. As it ricochets away, I smile at my assailant of whom I finally managed my first glimpse. I turn my attention to the phone. John always asks why I love that old style phone, I always figured he would figure it out. Maybe he has and he just loves me enough to leave it alone? Hmm, I'll have to dig into that a little bit. My daughter stared at me, "Mommy what's going on?" I looked at her reassuringly, "oh sweetie it's okay, I think it's just hail." "It sounds like bullets." "Oh baby, who's gonna attack a super heroes house huh bug? Daddy'll be home in a minute, he'll make sure you're safe. Now just watch some Paw Patrol okay?" I smile at her. Seemingly convinced, she climbs over the back of the couch, and turns on the TV. Without glancing at the phone I enter the code and the bookcase slides over. I slink through the opening as it closes behind me. I long ago ensured that this door closing also slams the bathroom, and as it closes I shouted back, "I'll be in the bathroom for a minute okay baby? "Okay mommy." Sighing, I walk into my "cave." The control panel lights up, and I use the camera system to scan the property to see what the hell I'm dealing with. It looks like it's just the one guy. The screen lights up with an identification. "Dead-Eye." Hmm. I don't even think Johns hunting Dead-Eye at the moment. Odd. I watch as he seems to be prepping for an assault on the front door. Shit he's gonna wreck my hydrangeas! I quickly flip the switches and activate my drones. The leave through a large vent up into the attic and then out through some specially modified vents. They will record my moment. I always love to have a moment. ... Dead-Eye activated the detonator and tossed it into the bag with the C4 before making his way to drop it at the door. Suddenly a puff of smoke and he was launched backwards towards the ground. Before he touched another puff of smoke and he similarly found himself rolling in yet another direction. Before he even managed his bearings he pulled his guns and fire. Catching nothing but smoke. I cackle. He shoots towards the sound but again catches nothing. Appearing beside him I startle him by punching him in the throat and then launching him again backwards. The guns weren't drawn this time. "Smog! We can take him together! We get his family!!' He'll be ours." Before I ended his life, I made sure he knew damn well. "The Protector is mine!" ... John burst through the door. "Honey!" "Down here John!" He pummels down the stairs. "Oh thank god you're safe!" And he wraps me in his, all too often suffocating embrace. I laugh, "We're fine! We did everything you said, we came downstairs and shut the door." "Daddy!" "Baby girl!" He scoops her up. "You okay?" "Of course! Marshal saved the princess!" She smiled. He smiled. I smiled. I just have to remember to clean his ass out of the shed at some point. John is mine. I love John. r/StoriesFromFluke Edit: Sorry for the Typos, did this in mobile! Edit 2: Thanks for the gold! 