
"Hey Jim, how's it going?" Andrew greeted his friend as they met up on their daily commute to the office. Jim put on the fake smile. "Oh, pretty good. You?" "In fact," boomed the voice, "Jim is not doing well at all. He has not slept well for the last week, the pretty girl he was talking to on that dating app - the first woman to give him any attention in years - turned out to be a scammer. He's feeling even lonlier than usual, he's upside down on his crappy car and behind on his mortgage, his cat has cancer, his ex is being more of a bitch than usual lately, and he had to call the suicide hotline last night." There was an awkward silence. Andrew put a reassuring hand on Jim's shoulder as Jim looked down in shame. "Dude, you know I'm here for you, right." "Yeah, I know. I'll be alright." "In fact, Jim won't be alright. But since he doesn't want to burden his friends and family with his multitude of problems he will never reach out for help even though he desperately needs to." It seemed impossible, but Jim seemed to shrink even smaller. He muttered, almost under his breath, "Could you....not?" "You know Jim, believe it or not I think the truth voice thing is trying to help you out for a change." "It's not. The damned thing just hates lies, even the smallest ones. It doesn't let anything go uncommented upon." "In fact, the voice leaves all true statements uncommented upon." "See?" Jim shook his head and looked up. "I don't suppose you'd answer me if I asked for the millionth time what you are and why you do that?" "In fact, Jim has only asked that question three hundred and forty seven times." Andrew rubbed his chin thoughtfully. "It's more talkative than usual." "Yeah. I usually don't give it as many chances to catch me in a lie." There was silence. "I must be tired or something." "In fact, Jim is struggling under the pain of a soul-crushing depression and does not know how to ask for help. He is intentionally uttering all the little social lies that people tell each other in the hopes that the voice will call him out on it and get him the help that he desperately needs before it's too late." The awkward silence stretched longer this time. Andrew pulled out his phone and made a call. "Hey boss? Yeah, I'm not coming in today. Neither is Jim." Jim looked up in surprise. "It's....you know that voice thing of his? The one that won't let him lie? Has to do with that....Yeah, I'll explain later. Thanks." He hung up the phone and looked at Jim. "Alright buddy, come on. I know an amazing therapist and you're going to see her right now." EDIT: Thanks for the silver! It made my day. EDIT2: And another silver and a gold. I'm blown away! Thank you! And also to everyone who upvoted or commented to say how much they liked it. I really do appreciate that. 