
It had been five years since that fateful day. Oh how carelessly words are thrown between humans, not aware of the weight they carry with them. My plan took time, ordinance, meticulous precision. All of it balanced on the thin sheet of glass which was patience. Even the slightest error, it needed only the briefest shift of weight and it would all shatter, my plans plummeting into the dark abyss below. Fortunate then; that I had years of practice. My schemes and plots of times past helping me to master my craft. Like the time I robbed the golden apples of immortality or tricked a giant into building the great wall that divided the nine realms. Patience was something I honed, something I internalised. A virtue that came to me naturally compared to the impatient brutality of Thor, solving all conflicts with his strength and barbaric diplomacy. What time I beared patiently, seemed but a moment to a god. It started as a source of my amusement. I stared upon the family through the window peering within. Simply the musings of a mother and father that joked that "Loki" should be the godfather due to the innocent mischief of the boy they had. His laugh filled with joy and humour, yet something about the child's laugh rung with familiarity, something more sinister and filled with potential. It reminded me of a boy I met long ago who broke the bone of one of Thor's prized boars. Amusement turned into interest, and then into longing. I wanted that child. As was my right as Godfather, named regardless even if by reckless nature. My first plan took time, effort. Balancing gracefully upon the tightrope of equal-measure seduction and good nature. Oh how fun it was to prod upon the mother, chipping away at her defenses piece by piece. Watching how she struggled evermore to overcome my seduction. Soon the flames of conflict would kindle and she would grow distant from her husband, I would watch her, perched as a bird, as she pleasured herself at her husbands absence "Lou" she would murmur, not realizing the irony in the name. Time passed and she would advance onto me, lustful and unbridled. I admit I found it hard not to smile, I played the role of a man with good intentions, of virtue. Yet still she pressed on. Who was I to deny a woman what she so desperately desired? The husband grew suspicious. I made sure to leave hints for him to find, I wonder still if he would ever have found out if I hadn't. Their marriage ended catastrophically, the supposed love and affection they once carried shattered beyond the point of recognition, now only malice and contempt worn on their grimacing and screaming faces. It had been a year since then. The mother still searching for Lou, the man she fell in love with, the one she dreamed of spending the rest of her life with. Only to find him gone, the office he worked at never having had any employee under the name. The occasional whisper carried by the wind informing that she still continued, her savings growing dim and her quest showing no sign of wavering. I appeared before the heartbroken man as a clumsy secretary, glasses refusing to stay still upon my nose. High heels and a tight skirt making it hard for me to collect the scattered forms on the floor. He helped me as I knew he would. A virtuous man always the easiest to lead by a leash. My smile sealed the deal. Dates at first, I laughed at his jokes, knowing when I should and when to tease. The occasional leg rub with the coyest of smiles. Our love making was passionate, my moans loud and controlled. The trick to faking an orgasm, was always to make it seem like you had no intention of having one. The rest of the pieces fell gracefully upon my glass board. And upon the final day of my plan and a hopeful "I do". My gaze shifted upon his son, and now my child. 