
CLANG, Crash, "you over grown hunk of misformed space junk masquerading as an engine, if you don't turn over, i'm jettisoning your carcass out the nearest air lock and pedaling this ship to the nearest space port... and the new engine that goes in will actually work as it is suposed to..." a loud hammering noise echos down the corridor quickly followed by the sound of something venting. "I mean it, last chance..." Clang, Clang. "You Evil Bitc..." Flames flare down the corridor but quickly go out. &#x200B; The crew of the deep space hauler Sherpana peered down the hallways towards the engine room. It was the first trip out with their new engineer and the engine had failed just after the last FTL jump initiated. It is also the first time that they had hired a human engineer and the captains choice hadn't been met with resounding approval by the crew. Humans had a reputation of being able to bend the laws of Physics to make things work, and not exactly following the rules. Insanity also ran rampart through the species, let's face it, you have to be insane to fight wars with your own species. &#x200B; The Captain Iscurius sticks his head into the engine bay. "Mike, what's wrong?" "Your Last engineer was a lazy slob who couldn't maintain his way out of a wet paper bag if the instructions were printed in the inside. The collector array is so cloged with debris that the engine is starved and the feed back transducer is so far out of calibration, I'm surprised it is still inside the ships hull. I'm surprised that the FTL Jump didn't Ki-CAP'n DUCK!!!!!" The grease smeared form of the engineer dives to the deck as one of the engine's loose couplings belches another fireball toward the captains furry face. Iscurius pulls his head out of the engine room door way, his whiskers singed slightly as the fireball rockets down the corridor past his furry form. "Can you fix it? " he yells from beside the engine bay door. "that is why you have me on this ship isn't it? either I'll fix it or blow us all to hell, either way it won't be a problem in the next 10 minutes!!" Iscurius risks looking into the Engine bay again, carefully peering around the door jamb. Mike is dragging an exhaust bleed coupling hose that was still belching flames across to a port on the collection array accumulator and after forcing the hose onto the port, wrapping it with a silver tape several times. Mike then races across the engine bay, snatching up a huge hammer and scuttling up the side of the FTL engine. With all his strength he leaps and slams the hammer into a module and falls crashing back to the floor of the engine bay. Groaning in pain he picks him self up and drags him self to the console. "What the hell are you doing Mike? YOU LUNATIC You will kill us all" Iscurius demands, really regreting taking the chance on a human engineer at this point. " it isn't really saving money if you aren't alive to spend it" he mutters under his breath. "well Cap, if this works and we survive it, the engines will both run and we don't starve to death or freeze when everything runs out while we wait for rescue. If you have a favorite deity, you might want to start praying..." Mike calls back over his shoulder as his hands dance over the console and slamming his palm on the emergency override restart. The engines both shudder as the hull of the ship groans, a rattling noise like gravel in a sieve slowly getting louder from the collector array at the front of the ship. From outside the ship, the end result is a spectacular burst of flame and debris from the collector intake. Sudden silence falls over the ship, broken by Mikes footsteps as he runs over and tears off the tape like a madman, dragging the coupling back over to the sub light engine and plugging it back in. " Come on you steaming pile of bolts, your mama was a leaf blower and your father smelled like WD40" Mike races back to the console and slams the Override again. both engines shudder in their mounts like a dog shaking off water. a groaning hum builds slowly as they shake, the Captain wide eyed in fear that the engines are going to shake them selves to bits. " Don't you DARE you....." Mikes last word is drowned out as he grabs the throttles and jams them against their stops. The sublight engine roars and there is several loud thumps from the corridor as the crew is thrown off their feet by the sudden bust of acceleration. the FTL engine glows with an other worldly light and tendrils of energy whip around it. The ship seems to lurch as it makes the jump to FTL. Mike grins as he drops the throttles back to 30% for the FTL engine and 2% for the sublight engine. "maybe I won't junk you after all. Cap if you double check these readings, the FTL engine has gotten a 10% economy boost and the Sublight engine a 20% reduction in fuel usage" Iscarius picks him self off the floor and staggers to the console, if anything the numbers are higher and Mike is understating what he has just managed to do. "Cap, if you can give me a few hours I can probably do a bit more fine tuning and get a bit more efficiency out of both engines" Maybe hiring the human was a good thing, just maybe not for the captains heart. ================ Edit: some spelling and minor changes for ease of reading. 