
The chanting intensifies and there is a flash of light. The dark brotherhood's efforts have paid off. Bayzelbub appears. He's promised dark forbidden secrets. "Are your feeble minds prepared for oblivion? For what can be known cannot be unknown..." Not a one of them looked away. They were dedicated to knowledge no matter the cost. "Very well.... Know now that the very nature of reality sits on shifting sands! There is no guarantee in this cursed world. At it's most basic level in ALL things, there lies a swirling pool of chaos!!!" The putrid beast cackles and glares at the hooded figures, the candle light barely touching their faces. It waits for the screaming and gnashing their teeth like the Gregorian monks of yore... "So.... Heisenberg's uncertainty principle? Yeah that was studied back in the 60's and proven.... When? A decade later? " The awkward silence is broken only by fetid ichor dripping from a mandible. The head magus tries to recover the event and motions for the brothers to start chanting again. ".... Uh, OH DARK ONE, WE EMPLORE YOU FOR DEEPER SECRETS! WE ARE READY OH LORD!" ".... yes... Well mortals let me tell you of the dark fate off your world. But not just your world... ALL worlds. You are all fated for the icy black death of the void that will cons..." "Yeah, heat death of the universe. We know about that one too." The young cultist crossed his arms and the rest of the brothers stopped chanting and were unsure of what to do with their outstreched hands. The magus tried shushing him. "What? ...how do mortals know of such things?" It was crushed, this wasn't anything like 1383. "I dunno, science. We figure stuff out. No one has a monopoly on the truth. What's next, are you going to tell us how space is expanding? How the universe is going to have the big crunch or rip apart?" "... we're pretty sure it expands forever... Sniff... Forever alone in the inky... Black... You guys know about this!? What the hell?" Five hours later the magus walks down the stairs with more coffee and more white board markers. They'd gone over cosmology, evolution, abiogenesis, particle physics and the four forces. The more applied sciences like economics and psychology were being held up by language barriers and the Lord of the flies had to phone home for the specifics about mathematics, which incurred lag. It's probiscus slurpped it's third coffee and it announced "alright fellas, I think it's time for the darkest secret. The big one I'm not supposed to share with you... But all this stuff about lag-lead market cap analysis is going to help me a ton down in the pit, so here you go" It got off the sofa and moved back into the circle. The magus still did the kneeling and arms upstretched thing, but the rest just milled about. "THE WORLD IS NOTHING MORE THAN DREAM. TRUE REALITY LIES OUTSIDE OF YOUR REACH AND ITS ALL BUT A PLAYTHING IN THE HANDS OF AN UNCARING GOD!" It did the whole reverberation thing and brimstone smell as children screamed in the distance. He looked down expectently. "So Elon was right about the simulation thing. Huh. Ok, I owe Steve $5." "Aww come'on guys, this is top shelf stuff! There's no way you could know that". It wails and starts crying, suckling a tentacle with one maw. The magus tries to consol it, but it just sinks into the floor in a huff. 