
When the recently-titled Ambassador of Earth entered the ship of the our newly discovered neighbors, the entire world held it's breath. At first, things were going well. The "Prendoran" race and humanity had been communicating as pen-pals for several months prior to the meeting. They were well versed on our social routines, as we were on theirs. The meeting would start with customary Prendoran greeting, which can most easily be described as a long, intense locking of eyes concluded with a gentle headbutt. It all started with a scream. Well, if we're going to be precise about it, it started several millennia prior to the meeting. It started when the first men argued over who would get to sleep on the more comfortable collection of rocks in their cave. It escalated slowly, with every fight, every family argument, every political debate. Every time a couple claimed not to care where they went for dinner, or pretended that everything was okay when it wasn't. The problem grew with every miniscule miscommunication, and we had no idea. The moment our first Prendoran friend locked eyes with the human Ambassador, the screaming started. As our alien friend screamed in pain, his eyes remained locked on the ambassador. The screaming emitted from his mouth began to shift. What began as a child's wail went through a dramatic metamorphosis. Screams of anger, screams of joy, screams of ecstasy. As the alien drew closer to our ambassador, it's screams grew more and more familiar. They became the screams of every person in his life, every relative, every pet. Just before their foreheads made contact, the ambassador recognized the sound of his own voice, his own pain, and his own joy. And then, at the moment of contact, our ambassador understood, and the room grew silent. In those days, many of us were terrified to meet another race. We knew what we had done to ourselves in centuries past. We knew the damage that a single poorly chosen word or glance could cause. We knew how messy talking could be, but it wasn't until we met the Prendorans that we grasped just how primitive we really were. From a glimpse into just one mind, the Prendoran ambassador could sense the massive rift that had spread across all of humanity. In that moment experienced our entire history, our challenges, and our day to day pains. This incredible act of empathy, nearly unthinkable to us, is how his species has always communicated. Their lack of secrets, lies, and misunderstandings lead them to be an especially peaceful species, which stood in stark contrast to our own proclivity for violence. In the centuries to come, we used our weaponry to help them defend themselves from invaders, and they used their skills to help defend us from ourselves. *** Feel free to check out my other stuff at /r/Floonatic 