
It was an ancient evil that travelled through the universe like a swarm, wiping out life wherever they found it. The great filter some called them. The elder races had survived through subterfuge. Some races had tried to fight them, the swarm were mortal, but for everyone that died thousands took their place and many a thriving space faring race had fell before them. The eldest of races slumbered, inside pocket dimensions waiting for the swarm to go past their section of the Universe destroying all and then departing. The old ones built great machines that worked inside dead planets, they made ships by the millions and weapons by the billions for a race that they had created. Millions of years ago, one of the races that fought had taken prisoners and gathered from them the genetic markers, and the elder races had taken those genes with them to their slumber. Once the swarm had departed they awoke and seeded thousands of planets with the gene markers of the swarm, and they waited, there was failure after failure, but one planet thrived and the elder races tested the saurians of that planet and found them wanting...and destroyed them, sure the saurians were large and strong but they were not like the swarm they lived peacefully. From the ashes of failure, a new race was born, and emissaries were sent to teach them. Shepherding them, from learning to make fire to becoming the masters of their own world. Nurturing the inbuilt need for them to kill that came with the genes that had been used as their seed. They were eager to leave their world and see the universe, and without help from their creators they made their own crude efforts, exploring their own solar system and sending robots and then themselves to their nearest planets. The elder races had left an archive on the red planet, and once they had landed there it activated and called out to them. The archive taught them about the swarm, it detailed the many battles that had been fought against them, the failures and victories. The archive confirmed to them that they were not alone, and that on their own planet one of the elders was waiting for them to arouse him from their slumber. They deciphered the language and learnt the rituals needed to wake the old one and as a race they called its name. The old one slowly woke from his dreams, and wondered exactly how would the swarm react when they met their own children in battle. 