
"M'lady, in your eyes I see the...uhm...excuse me. M'lady, in your eyes I see the greatest jewels eve...erm...right...just...I need, uhm, just a second." The valiant Prince from the neighboring lands of Dahalia cleared his throat nervously. Sweat dripped from his forehead and his face was beet red. With a milquetoast flourish of his gloved hand, he attempted to begin again. "M'lady, in your, sweet, precious eyes, I can see the very..." Drago hiccupped, sending a tiny plume of green tinged flame out of his left nostril. The Prince of Dahalia recoiled a full five feet and his regal veneer broke completely. "Good lord, how can you keep such a beast beside you at all times?! Must it have followed us even into the garden?" Malinda sat gracefully on Drago's furled tail, her face a mixture of disdain and embarassment. Disdain for yet another supposedly valiant suiter turned coward. Embarassment because, of course, the Prince was right. Drago was larger than a house and in landing in the castle garden, his scaled body had crushed an entire season's worth of azeleas. But being right didn't make him likable. "If your grace has no affection for Drago, your grace has no affection for me." Drago's fearsome visage reared up beside her then and loosed a small, agreeing roar. The heroic, stalwart Prince of Dahalia nearly pissed himself in fear, and ran out of the garden faster than a horse on fire. Pleased to be free of his company, Malinda laid a gentle hand behind Drago's right ear. "What *am* I to do with you, my oldest friend." Drago purred affectionately and settled his bull sized head down on the gardener's prized rose bush. Malinda couldn't help but smile. ****** The list of suitors for the hand of the Princess of Galta was growing shorter by the day. Men came from all over the known world, only to turn right back around at the sight of a living dragon. Great merchants from the desert cities of the east, wearing exotic skins and colored clothes, cowered in terror beneath Drago's discerning stare. Princes of every shape and size came to Galta seeking Malinda's affections, many bearing tales of great deeds, done greatly. But to a man, each broke under the withering intensity of Drago's presence, inevitably bolting for the door at every random burp or fart. Malinda was beginning to suspect Drago was more than complicit in these matrimonial failures. It seemed to her, whenever a conversation with a suitor began to go well, Drago would step in with some simple bodily function and scare the pants off everyone in the room. Things continued like this for months, until, at last, there were no men of report left. Every man in the known world worth half his weight in gold and social clout had come, and each of them had run away. Malinda gave up hope, and resigned herself to life as an unmarried Queen. Drago would have to be companion enough. ******** One day, years later, Malinda went hunting in the King's wood. While chasing a wild boar, to her astonishment, another's arrow flew through the air and pierced the boar's heart. Looking around for the unannounced hunter, Malinda saw a man approaching through the forest. He was a ranger, tall and lithe, and in his hands he bore a ranger's bow. "Forgive me, M'lady, I am just passing through these woods." Malinda pointed at her prey. "You've spoiled my hunt!" The ranger looked down at the dead boar in surprise. "Forgive me, M'lady, but I thought twas you being chased by the boar." This made Malinda smile inside, though her face remained severe. "It is illegal to hunt in the King's wood, ranger." The ranger bowed his head slightly. "So it is my lady, but is it illegal to save the life of a fair maiden?" "This maiden needs no saving." Malinda said, her eyes taking on a mischievious look. With a whistle, she called upon Drago, who made his most dramatic entrance, scorching a bank of trees with a bath of dragon fire. To Malinda's astonishment, the Ranger did not even blink. Instead he let out a little laugh. "Well, isn't that funny." Then, he put his fingers to his mouth and gave his own strong whistle. From the east, another dragon flew in, wings wide, breast out, mouth ajar and spewing purple flame. The ranger walked over to the fierce beast and patted her on the head. She purred back at him affectionately "M'lady, I'd like you to meet Arga, my companion in travel." For Malinda and Drago both, it was love at first sight. ****** ## For More Legends From The Multiverse # r/LFTM 