
Ben put down his book, eyeing the man limping in. "You all right, Alexander?" Twenty-five, with a confident gait and perfect face, Alexander was everything Ben wasn't. Today, however, he was lacking his normally positive expression. "No. Crappy day at work." Short, choppy sentences. Not what Ben would have expected, and there wasn't much he could say to cheer his roommate up. "Sorry to hear that. Want me to put on some tea?" His day, at least, had gone well. A major victory, finally giving one of the city's most egregious villains a loss. Ben couldn't have been more proud of his team, though they hadn't seemed to return the feeling. He'd been left out of the celebratory feast afterward. Maybe they'd forgotten to invite him, or maybe they hadn't wanted to. It wasn't something worth dwelling on, though. He put on some tea. Another month passed. Tea became their tradition, something that they talked over, in the rare times they weren't at work or asleep. Ben's team fought harder. Alexander came home more injured. "How'd today go?" "Don't want to talk about it. Sugar?" "You'll have to add some yourself." Alexander nodded, heaping in a full spoon's worth with his left hand. His right was swollen, wrapped in what had to be three or more layers of bandages. "How's your job, by the way? Heard the tech industry is one of the better ones to be in, right now." "It's all right. Pays the bills. Well," Ben gestured, "these ones, at least. Not enough to put away that much, unfortunately." "I see." Another day. Another fight. Another cup of tea. Sometimes, something new, a change in the rhythm. "I'm going to the concert tonight. Want to come with?" Alexander held up two tickets, with golden writing embossed. "What concert?" "Orchestra at the stadium." Ben had seen the flyers. "How much?" "My treat." Correlation does not imply causation, Ben knew. Anecdotes proved nothing... But, even in a world as nuanced as the one he knew, nothing is ever a coincidence. And, inevitably, something clicked. "Want me to put on some tea?" Alexander asked, sitting up on the couch across from Ben. A few beats passed. Ben kept staring at him. "You haven't said a word since I got in the door. Everything all right?" *Nothing's all right,* Ben wanted to say. Nothing had been all right, not since the night before, not since he'd gotten into Alexander's computer. But he'd been at work for ten hours that day, and Alexander was the first person to ask. "...yeah. Everything's fine," said Ben. "I'll put on some tea." r/forricide 