
Despite being aware of this happening, I can't do anything about it. I just have to sit through the day and watch. Eyes opening. Waking up, which means I'm in a new body. So far, each time has been the same day, but from a different viewpoint. This is the 7th time through. Every set of eyes I've watched this day through have somehow been involved in my death, whether the cause, a witness to, or just greatly affected by it. The first time was through the eyes of the one who pulled the trigger. The second one was through the eyes of my wife. The third was my daughter. That was the worst one so far. Fourth and fifth were my neighbor and the mailman. Sixth was my dog. Sitting up. There's a mirror on the wall in which I quickly catch a glimpse of this body. I don't recognize this face at all. I almost start to worry, but then remember that I'm already dead. So I'll just sit here and watch, and see what this guy had do to with my death. Showering. Shaving. Brushing teeth. Getting ready for work. I try to scream. I try to tear away from whatever this is, but it's no use. It hasn't done me any good so far, but I can't stop trying to get out of this. I'm a bit lost in my own turmoil for a time before I realize that we've arrived at his job. An outdoors outfitter's superstore. I... I came in here the morning of the day I died... Sure enough, within the hour, there I was walking up to the counter. No matter how many times it happened, it was always surreal to watch myself from someone else's eyes. I always look so sad. I ask if my purchase is in, the body I'm in looks through the computer and says it is. I watch through his eyes as he goes to the back and retrieves it, bringing it up to the counter. "Here you are. Your background check was submitted with the purchase, and is now clear, so here you go, sir." I watch as I thank this man and walk away. I didn't even remember his face, but his involvement is clear. He's the one that sold me the gun I used to kill myself. The rest of his day is meaningless. He eats dinner alone and passes out watching tv. Forever unaware of and unaffected by what I was doing at that time, halfway across town. 