
A hollow, clacking sound emanated from the wood of my front door. I could feel it, deep inside; this day would be rough. Tucking a little glowing vial into my pocket, I answered the call. And, sure enough, it was as I feared. "You're part of the Wicked Coven, yes?" a woman asked curtly, her tone like a slap to the face. Most people as 'normal' and conceited as her spoke to me that way, even her towering nest of perfumed hair looking down on me. In front of her, in an iron grip, was a little girl with auburn locks and bright brown eyes. A man, presumably her husband, stood further back, darkened and staring off into the twisting blue-green jungle of my little slice of forest. "Indeed, deary. What is it you need of me?" I put the typical rasp and evil into my voice. "The going rate for firstborn children. What is yours?" I sighed, closing my eyes, regaining composure, then smirked. "For a weak little thing like that? Two bottles of any potion you'd like." "We don't want a blasted potion of yours, witch!" the man shouted, still not facing us. "Black magic!" The woman seem unconvinced, so I pressed, "Why come here if not for what I have to offer? Slavers have money, but those of the Coven offer things money won't buy you elsewhere." She pushed the crying little girl forward. "One bottle of healing elixir," she whispered, leaning closer. "And one bottle of your strongest love potion." I eyed her, glancing to the man as she shuffled with discomfort. "One moment." Returning with her request, I traded them for the girl, who she pushed forward into me. "Enjoy your meal, witch," she hissed, more disgusted by my supposed habit than the fact she'd sold her child as food. Shutting the door, I steadied a trembling hand and wavering lip, one deep inhale and a lengthy exhale. Then, crouching next to the girl, I cupped her face. "Are you going to eat me?" she asked, with a disturbing lack of fear. "No, dear girl. I won't eat you. What's your name?" "Sia. So you're not gonna eat me?" She looked at me with furrowed brows. "Witches don't eat people, Sia. We help them." "What do you mean?" I led her further in, sitting her at a gnurled oak table, fetching her some water. "The Wicked Coven is not a place for monsters to gather, Sia. It is a safe-haven for children, and a place where women can find purpose in a world owned by men." The girl sniffled. "You should just eat me." "Now, why would you say such a horrible thing? You mustn't think that way." She paused for a bit, then cracked like an egg, all her gooey emotions spilling out onto the table. "Why didn't she want me?" Sia asked, her face a slick mess of tears and snot, violent inhales stuttering between jagged sobs. "What did I do wrong?" "No, no, no. You did *nothing* wrong." I held out a hand, offering her little vial with a bright cyan firebug trapped inside. It shone brightly enough to melt away all things cold and dark, turning the sickness on her face a bright blue. As she clutched it, it was almost like the blue blazed a little bolder, a brilliant star in her palms. My eyebrows raised a little, but I pushed the discovery aside. "Some people in this world, sweet thing, are cruel and undeserving of the beauty this world has to offer. It will be hard for you to understand, and it will always eat at you, I'm sure. "But whenever you think of them, and how sad it makes you, I want you to look at this little bug. It is trapped, like you are right now, shining so brightly but unable to break loose. One day, you need to shatter the glass walls around you. When you do, let this little bug go. "And be free together." She clutched the vial, eyes even brighter as they sucked in its glow, and smiled for the first time since I'd gotten her. It was a good start. Nothing can stop rain from pouring down; all you can do is offer an umbrella to stand under until the sun comes out once more. "Now," I said, taking her by the hand, a sly smile sprawling across my face. "How would you like to learn a little magic?" ----- part two below! [final part here :)](https://www.reddit.com/r/resonatingfury/comments/bc5lp7/wp_the_real_reason_witches_want_firstborn_kids/) */r/resonatingfury* 