
"It.. how? You..." "I told you," Jack said to God flatly. The white-bearded deity shifted uncomfortably on his sandals. "What did you do?" His messy room where everything was just where he wanted it was clean and tidy. "What you were supposed to do but never did. I fixed the Earth. I fixed the whole universe, in fact." "But ..but *how*? I've been trying to fix that planet since I made it." "Well, let me ask, G. -when humans prayed to you for world peace, what did you do?" "Well, I did nothing." "And how did that work out for you?" Jack put his hands on his hips. "How many wars did your nothing stop?" "Well, none but... I gave humanity free will." "You gave ...didn't you say you gave the devil dominion over the Earth?" "Ah yes but remember that I established the rule that 'the devil made me do it' isn't a viable excuse." "Right. You made humanity vulnerable to temptation, put temptation all around them, plunged them into desperate need and suffering, and then punished them for falling for the devil's lies. What sort of imbecile are you?" "Imbecile? How dare you! I am the Lord Go-" "Were." "-od and I shall smite... were?" "You *were* God. You made *me* God, remember?" "For a day." "Yes well I changed that too." "You what?" "I'm God. I can do anything. A God made the deal and now a God has broken it." "That's dishonest!" "I made no promises. This whole idea was yours from the start. All I did was complain and YOU whisked me out of my home and onto this cloud. Who lives on a cloud? This is so uncomfortable!" "So, what happens to me?" "Oh, I have a special punishment in store for you." "Punishment??" "Yes. As a thank you for thousands of years of wars and torture in your name that you never bothered to step in and stop." God sighed heavily. The jig was up. "Let me guess, an eternity in the ovens of hell, right? Look, I was totally going to change that..." "Oh my no. That would be too good for you." Jack snapped his fingers and manifested an emery board. He filed his nails with a smug expression on his face. "W-what are you going to do to me?" God's hands absently clutched at his robes. "I'm going to make you live every human life that existed for the last 6000 years since you created the Earth and hid those dinosaur bones to fuck with your children. You're going to be every torturer and every victim of torture. You're going to be the rich man destined for Hell and the poor man clawing at crumbs under his table. You're even going to get to be Jesus on the cross begging you to send the help you never did." "No, wait, you don't want to-" POOF God vanished. Jack, satisfied with his work, turned his attention back to solving the dark matter problem in the universe. He was just about to plug up a black hole when his hands began to shake. Beads of sweat formed on his brow. Jack had been the last human God was forced to be. He never got rid of God. He *was* God. He had always been God. And God looked back on his lives, how alone he had felt, how hurt. World after world, civilization after civilization, suffering and warring and fearing and dying. And upon the face of a trillion worlds a heavy rain fell as God wept. 