
Ok...... This is weird. Everybody else has stopped moving again. But there's no way I did it. Somebody else did this. I look around trying to figure out if someone else is moving. Around me people have paused driving, walking, whatever they had been doing. I walk around them looking for any sign that they're awake, but nobody blinks when I try to wake them. Huh..... ok. This is different then the first couple of times. At first I didn't notice it. When it happened it only lasted around three seconds. I always kept my head down in school so I didn't know everybody else has stopped. Then one day I put my head up and noticed. It was great. After I freaked out for a bit I began pranking the bullies. They'd "Wake" attached to the flag pole, or with their head in a toilet. I thought it was amazing. I thought it was me. I can tell now I was wrong. This is the longest they've ever been frozen. It's been about 30 minutes now and I haven't found anyone moving. Hell, they might not even be from around here. I walk around the sidewalk towards my apartment where a dogs frozen taking a crap on the lawn. I snort and press against the door. It takes a little but I'm able to force it open. I walk up the stairs past Mrs. O'Leary, She's frozen with her mouth open screaming at another tenant who was just trying to go back into their apartment. I grab Mrs. O'Leary and take her outside of the already open door. I make myself laugh as I set her down in the dog poop. Then walk back inside. It's weird not hearing the creaks as I walk up the stairs. When I move in this state I don't leave a trace. I can't be heard, I guess because time is frozen on objects. That's why I have to press as hard as I can to get a freaking door open. I walk into my "closet" otherwise known as an apartment. It's alright. I've got a room, a couch, a kitchen, and a bathroom. They just all happen to be in the same room. I sigh and grab a soda from the fridge. I head to the couch but the sight of my laptop open stops me. I could have sworn I closed it when I left. I look around the room and lock the door, then I sit down on the couch. I look at the computer but don't try to turn it on. It wont work until time has restarted. A minute later I can hear the birds chirping outside, people honking at each other, Mrs. O'Leary screaming at the dog who's poop she just landed it. The laptop turns on and a video loads. It's of my apartment. I hesitantly press the button. For a second nothing happens. Then a woman appears. "Hey little brother..... we need to talk." I hear the door open behind me. The one I just locked. 