
The monument was smaller than T'rakkar had expected. It was less than ten meters in height, a simple laser-etched plaque in granite. In the first few years it had been built, when the remains of the First World had been discovered, there had been a rush of tourists to the site. The wonders of economics had, within a month, caused a hundred thousand orbiting viewing platforms to spring into existence around the dying white dwarf the First World still orbited, and tickets had been ten times the annual worker's salary. The downside, he mused, to a truly galactic economy; the richest one percent were quadrillions in number. What had it been like, back then? A species confined to one world, gazing at the stars, mere billions strong? A stray meteor, an accidental misalignment of a neutron star all it would take to wipe out all trace of your genetic lineage. The thought made him shudder; he, at least, had left eggs on a score of worlds. With any luck, his legacy would continue on for billions of years to come. T'rakkar had never considered himself a spiritual person. His colony was a practical minded one, his crechemates likewise focused on material matters. Indeed, their colony produced some of the finest engineers among the T'karan, so he couldn't fault the philosophy. But here, in front of a simple plaque on a blasted rock around a dying star, he felt a sense of wonder that hadn't stirred since he was a larva. "Hello," he read, "We are the human race. By the time you receive this message, we will be dead. There are many challenges a species must face. By the time you can understand this message, you will have overcome many of them. We hope you had an easier time than we did." It was a famous passage, from the middle of the Codex. The ancient message passed along through every intelligent species. A fitting inscription for this place, he decided. Every larva had read it a hundred times; but he continued anyway. Sometimes the place the message was received was as important as the message itself. "The first challenge you faced was survival. You were born on a world teeming with life, with predators that hunted you, with parasites that weakened you, with diseases that struck you down. We congratulate your ancestors on overcoming a challenge that so few species do, of birthing a race that was strong and smart enough to dominate your world. "The second challenge you faced was yourselves. Only the strong survive, and the strong survive by taking from the weak. We congratulate your species on overcoming the tragedy of strength to build a civilization where all members worked together for the good of all." T'rakkar smiled, his antennae curling. Even among a hive species, "the good of all" had never been achievable. He wondered what kind of psychology and evolutionary pressures humans must have had to achieve that level of cohesion. "The third challenge you face is the world. By the time you can read this message, you will have achieved an understanding of the world strong enough to master it. So too did we. We pass our knowledge to you, for knowledge hoarded is knowledge wasted. We ask that you broadcast this message in its entirety, to ease others suffering as this will ease yours. "The fourth challenge you face will be despair. For once you have mastered the world, what else is left? You will be divorced from the cycles your ancestors evolved in. You will face challenges they were never designed to handle. You will be lost, alone, and confused. And you will suffer. "You will face many more challenges besides, but we are ashamed to admit we do not know what they are, for we never overcame this one. We achieved a form of paradise on our planet. No human has felt hunger in millennia; no labor has been performed that was not volunteered. And yet our species will die, sooner or later, because we are alone. Because without challenge, there is no meaning to life. "We, the authors of this message, call ourselves Arecibo, and we foretell our demise. We send this message as a warning and as a message of hope. Rejoice, because you are not alone. Look up at the stars, and know: we were here. Our existence was preposterously unlikely; our survival even more so. We hope that this message makes any future existence merely unlikely. Look up at the stars, and fear. Look up at the stars, and wonder." He wondered if humanity knew just how much good their message had done. His own species had been in the middle of a cold war that would likely have lead to their annihilation when they received the Codex. Historians and politicians had argued about exactly what it had done for decades. Had the advanced technology provided simply reduced the resource pressures and averted war? It certainly had reduced tensions, but hives had declared war over lesser things. Had the humans' message of hope truly touched the hearts of their ancestors? Some people found it inspiring; yet T'rakkar had never been among them. The dead were dead, and their society had long since surpassed the humans'. Yet all throughout the galaxy, species had received the Codex, and almost every species that did had survived. T'rakkar looked up at the stars. He wondered how different they would have looked, otherwise. 