
As I look around the room of corpses rapidly being cleaned up by my crew, it occurs to me that maybe I got a bit too carried away. Just maybe. I used to be a normal kid. B student in high school, got into an average college, did my degree in business management with a focus on hotel management. It was all I wanted to do. My parents worked corporate jobs and I saw them together maybe once a week if I was lucky. So, I spend the days at Aunt Jenny's hotel. I hung out with chefs, the servers, helped them a bit here and there, but mostly talked. Talked and learned. I didn't care for the money - my parents had plenty of it, and I saw how happy it made them, I wanted to spend my life like those years with Aunt Jenny and the hotel staff. But I didn't want to be waiting tables either - so Hotel Manager was the obvious choice. I did my bullshit degree which was nothing more than a piece of paper that would check off some employer's checklist and got a job working at a below average hotel. It was decent for a starting gig, but I'd planned on moving as soon as I could. This was supposed to be a resume builder - a way to gain experience. But when I'd gotten there, after so many years, it was like my childhood all over again. I had servers to talk to, chefs to help, rooms to tidy up, and customers to entertain. Sure, I gave direction, but I didn't feel like a boss, and neither did any of the servers, chefs, or other staff think of me as one. I was their friend, I knew all their names and their troubles, and I just happened to poke them in the right direction once in a while. It was bliss. I remember the day when it all fell apart of course. My brain, the wonderful organ it is, set that terrible day in stone... "How's it going Susan," I called as I went to the elevator. I opened it to find Mark the chef massaging his temples. "Wild weekend?" I asked, and Mark grimaced. "Yeah, Shawn," he said, "that's one way to put it." "Take the day off man, you're no good to the hotel like this," I said but held up a finger, "but you'll owe me one." Mark grinned and immediately grimaced as his headache returned, "you...you got it boss. Thanks." I hummed a popular song as the elevator went up. My boss really took more of a hands off approach to the whole hotel thing, and I could count on one hand the number of times I'd talked to him these past 2 years. The elevator dinged open and I stepped into the penthouse-suite. It had high ceilings, and handsome, modern furniture. One side was made of glass and you could see the town sprawled from 15 stories up. Mr. Intilli was sitting on one of the easy chairs. He was well built, tall with several scars on his face. He had pale skin, black hair, and dark eyes. He wore that same serious expression he always did. "Shawn, come, sit," he said. He tried to smile, but it came off as more of a grimace. "Mr. Intilli," I said, and inclined my head in a gesture of respect - he seemed the kind to appreciate things like that. "All right, I'll get to the meat of it, Shawn," he said. *As always,* I mused. "This hotel - it's too successful," he said. I frowned. "Come again?" "This hotel," he said, pronouncing each word with deliberation, "is too successful." "And that's a problem?" I asked, aghast. "Yes," he said, "this hotel is a front, we hired you because we expected nothing from you. We were meant to be inconspicuous, unnoticed by normal people. This is obviously no longer the case." "A front?" I asked, "for what" Mr. Intilli's lips curled into a grimace, a real one. "You're slow," he said. "This is a front for a criminal organization - you are attracting too much attention. Stop it." "I-" I began. "Naturally, if you tell anyone," and this time Mr. Intilli actually managed a smile, "the consequences for you and your family will be, ah, unpleasant. That is all." And he walked out. I just sat there, clenching, and unclenching my fists. This hotel was mine, I'd built it, I knew it inside out. No damn way someone was taking this away from me. I would keep this hotel any way I could. *** It was easy...too easy almost. It's amazing how well hotel management translates to crime. Making new connections, making their trust, taking a bit of interest in their lives - and you have a living, breathing organization. Sure, you had to kill people once in a while, but I tried to keep that to a minimum - but I would do it again. Anything for my dream. After a year or so of growing, expanding and making connections from the very inside of Mr. Intilli's HQ, I got my people in. Hired them for jobs. Mr. Intilli never even knew. It was just a question of getting the right servers to serve Mr. Intilli's room. They didn't even have guns. And as the room finally got cleaned up, I close my eyes and breathe in. The smell of distant food, something spicy, a hint of sweat, some detergent, and a bit too much blood. I order one of my men to get an air freshener installed. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 