
The footprints were pointing in the wrong direction. There was no way to confirm, right there and then, when they had been made. It could have been successful grave robbers who had made off with what the geologists were looking for, but then there would also be footsteps going in from the surface to the city, wouldn't there? Tony and Steve carefully ventured into the ancient city, not knowing what to expect. Steve cautiously went ahead, hand on his Desert Eagle, as Tony shined his torchlight into the dense darkness. The two were rivalrous geologists with academic reputations to uphold and egos to feed, but between them there was only one pistol. The two strange bedfellows had to work together if they didn't want to sleep next to each other six feet underground, forever. As they moved carefully and silently through the darkness, their minds were, of course, preoccupied with their safety, but also thinking about how an underground city would even work. There would be no light except what they brought down, and there definitely had to be some large source of groundwater for an entire city to exist. No civilisation, from the Native Americans to the outlaws and lawmen of the Wild West, could have seen them before; no one had written about them, at least. What Steve saw next moved faster than he could blink. It leaped out from the darkness, a malevolent blinding flash of white; the colour of skin that had never seen the sun. The denizen of the dark tackled him to the floor, screaming at him all the way as he grappled with Steve, to plunge its ragged, long, sharp claws into his neck. Tony instinctively shined the bright beam of light in his hand into their assailant's face, and it screeched, recoiling from the intensity. Steve, regaining his composure, grabbed his handgun. Putting a round into its head, he put it to sleep, and the city came alive. Tony could not truly understand what the ancient citizens were saying. No one could. But what he could infer was clear; their kind had not seen death for a while, and thus his rival and himself were elevated to godhood among the eyes of the new followers. It was his turn to recoil when the screeching became organised and loudly echoed in the chamber. Predictably, as Steve tried to get a good look at the forgotten race, shining his flashlight over the crowd, their prostrations became catatonic seizures, flailing on the floor as the light shined into their malformed eyes. The citizens had the basic human shape, yes, but evolution in a dark environment had not been kind to them. Steve remembered the albino penguins of Lovecraftian myth, with long tongues and blind eyes. This was no different; it was as though a human had been bleached white, with eyes from which no vision emerged, sharp fangs that looked as though there was blood on it, limbs with abnormal length and rotation ranges, and most strikingly, that feeling of great hunger. Tony, however, observed the architecture of the great chamber they were in. They were elevated on a platform above the writhing mass of limbs and bodies, as though they were in some Colosseum of chaos. It was intricately carved out of rock, as though there was much manpower and time involved in the process. However, he didn't notice the path from which they had come, which had a small antechamber. From that small antechamber walked out a living fossil, who had put his blade to their necks. &nbsp; At last! Fresh meat. But there were five thousand denizens to feed, and two men could not be split evenly among them, even with a miracle. When he was a foundling, some of the tribe had moved upward in search of more opportunities, while his forefathers stayed below and made this grandiose achievement. Yet the worlds could never truly be apart. "Listen up, surface-dwellers," he hissed. His captives recoiled at the stench of his breath, which highlighted just how hungry he had been over the years. "It is time for you to prove your worth." The men, however, could not understand the Prophet. Life truly had evolved on the surface. He had to resort to more primitive ways of communication, placing the Reaper between them. It would kill one of them, and the other would be used until he had no more use for him. The Reaper made all important decisions for the city, except the decision of who would take over as Prophet. There was no dispute on that. He would be the past, the present and the future of the city. &nbsp; Tony and Steve knew not what the crazy old man was saying. The tongue was completely alien to them. Perhaps they would never know how the city came to be. But they could, however, shape the future. He placed a suspicious looking energy weapon before them. That would be his deadliest move. Tony pointed the business end of the weapon at the old man, and focused. The undulating screeching of the denizens below stopped as he finished up. The two men felt a sense of pride and accomplishment like never before. Such power! They had never felt it in the civilised world, and now with a whole city of mutants to their disposal, they could do anything. They were gods. They didn't need the approval of anyone on the surface anymore. There was just one question left to answer. The question of feeding. After all, there could only be one Prophet, and the people had not fed in a long time. 