
Give a man enough time and he can build anything. I wasn't sure how to start this story. It was between this and 'give a man enough time and he'll go bananas and do really weird stuff'. Not much of a ring to that second one, so I went with the first. Anyway, the first thousand years weren't that bad. I pretty soon realized the warden was also immortal, and he realized the same about me, and we became friends. "Can you, like, let me out of prison when everyone in the world dies?" I asked, those first few years. "That technically would count as a life sentence, right? And no one would know cause everyone who knew I was sentenced to life would be dead already." "Sorry," the warden said. "Rules are rules." My luck, right? The only other immortal person on the planet is my warden, and is a goody-good. So he made it his mission to ensure that my life sentence was served. In his defense, immortality is insanely boring, so I guess I became his project. Something to do. Fill your days. Life makes no sense. It doesn't matter. Anyway. After the fall of the Roman Empire things got boring. The warden would visit me often and we'd play cards and games and talk about politics and world affairs. "What do you think of this feudalism thing?" "It's a fad. Won't last." Then, later: "This Renaissance stuff is really strong lately, right?" "Kids. It'll pass." We'd talk about people. Celebrities. "What's up with the Newton guy, huh?" "Oh, please, give me a break. Gravity.... Yeah, invisible forces pushing and pulling us. Sounds like religion to me." And: "This Napoleon guy sure looks like he means business." And: "This Black Plague thing is really something, huh? Hope we don't get it." "Tell me about it. Here, I brought you a pet rat from the sewers." "Aww, that's sweet." And so on and so forth. After the Third World War there was a brief period of seven thousand years when we didn't speak (he took the aliens' side while I remained faithful to our kind the humans). (To be fair, the aliens were right, with their whole 'universal-peace' project, and we exterminated them for no good reason.... but, like... I'm human, you know? What was I supposed to do.) (I do feel guilty, though.) We became friends again after the explosion of the sun, on the interstellar living facility. "How many people live here?" I asked. I wasn't allowed to leave the facility prison, so I didn't know how many had escaped Earth. "About a million." "Wow... that's like... Greek Empire numbers." "We sure shrank." We started on the Project around the end of the Seventh Age (mankind started counting time in Ages instead of years on account of the whole sun-exploding business). Worked on it all through the remaining days of mankind and the Others. All living things perishing around us. The warden started spending more and more time in the cell with me. He slept there often. When all was cold and barren and lifeless but for us, when all was dark but the light inside my cell and him and I were all there was left gliding through the void, we finished it. Minutes to go until the end. Heat death. Complete nothingness. The end of the world. Me and the Warden. And our project. A tiny little sphere, floating between us. "You think it'll work?" "We worked on it for billions of years," I said. "It better work." He looked down at the model universe floating between us. All the same programing, the same coding. Helium, carbon, matter, energy, the forces... gravity, electromagnetism. We built a universe inside that cell. And it floated between us. "Hey," the warden said. "It's deterministic, right? This universe?" Outside, the universe blackened and darkened and the light inside the cell grew dimmer, and I could feel myself and the warden fading, slowly, finally. Life is a joke. "Yeah." "So change the setting at the big bang, just a tweak. Can you do it?" Silence. Darkness. Empty. We were dying at last. Horribly. Beautifully. Dying. "Yeah. Change what?" "Make it so when there's life..." The warden smiled. "There'll be two immortal dudes." I shook my head. I smiled at the warden. Then I tweaked my universe and set it in motion, and all was dark and the world ended. And then it was born again. _____ *More of me emulating way more talented authors at /r/psycho_alpaca =)* 