
"Cassy, it's time for bed!" "Ok Daddy, I just have to pick up!" Crashing and thumping proceeded to radiate up the stairs, soon followed by Cassy colliding up the stairs. "Well that was fast. How'd you manage it? You had quite a mess down there." "Oh Daddy," she smiled like the answer was obvious. "Clyde and Clara helped me. They're great picker-uppers." Ah, the imaginary friends, of course. "Well, if they keep that up, I may just have to hire them on to keep this place clean," I laughed. "Now, do you think they could help you brush your teeth and get you pajamas on?" "Yeah, ok Daddy," she squealed, continuing her flight up the stairs. It was funny, I felt like a breeze brushed past me as she did. Probably just left a window open downstairs. ... Within minutes, Cassy was tucked in tight and I was about to turn off the lights. "Goodni..." "Daddy, can Clyde and Clara sleep in my room?" She seemed tense when she blurted it out, but she was probably worried she wouldn't get a chance. "Sure sweetheart, but I expect them to help with the rent. Are they ok with that?" Turned her head as if listening, then replied, "They say that they can accept those terms." Wow, so businesslike tonight. "Alright then I don't see why not. Goodnight honey," I say as I lean and give her forehead a kiss. "Daddy, you forgot to say goodnight to Clyde and Clara." "Oh, how silly of me. Goodnight Clyde. Goodnight Clara." It was strange, because as I was stepping out and closing her door, I thought I heard someone whisper a goodnight back. ... *Beep* *Beep* *Beep* Groggily slapping the clock, I sit up and spread out my hands across the bed. My hand bumps something cold and wet. With a shock, I recoil and tumble out of bed. "What the hell!" Sitting on the sheets, near the edge of the bed, was a severed human hand. It seemed fairly fresh, though there wasn't much blood. Around the wrist lay a Rolex, and gripped tightly in the palm was a roll of cash. "What the hell," I repeated in shock. How the hell did it get there? "Daddy?!?" Shit, my repeated outbursts and the crash must have woke her up. "Cassy, sweetheart, we need to go now." Hastily throwing on some clothes, I wander out to the hall, finding her standing there rubbing the sleep from her eyes. "Where are we going Daddy?" "Um," and an idea dawned on me, "I need to drop you off with your mother. It's her turn this week, remember? I need you to pack your bag and get dressed ok? I'll get you breakfast at the drive through, your pick. At that she smiled,"Ok Daddy. I want pancakes!" "Then that's what we'll get, but I need you to go get ready ok? Hurry sweetheart." Whipping back into my room and shutting the door, all I could do was stare at the arm. "What am I going to do?" I slid down, back to the door. "What am I going to do?" "Oh, Daddy?" "Yeah, Sweetheart?" "Clyde said to say he hoped he was able to cover this week's rent. He also said he could get more if he needed to. Is that ok Daddy?" "What are you talking about Sweetheart?" "The rent, Daddy. You said Clyde and Clara had to pay rent. He said he dropped it off in the night. He says he hopes it's enough." My eyes wander back to the arm. Stumbling to my feet, I wander over to it. The watch looks brand new, minus the dried blood of course, and the wad of bills looked impressive. I turn my gaze to the door. How, how could this be happening? What has my daughter been talking to? "Nothing of consequence," a voice whispered in my ear. I thought I heard a laugh, followed by a woman's giggle. 