
I giggle to myself as I remember the shocked look on my partner's face when I told him I preferred the night shift. "I mean, really? It's super dull, we usually draw straws for it." He said, but I insisted and he did not fight me for it. The night is peaceful, and the rolling green hills dotted with headstones are illuminated by a full moon and countless June fireflies. I pause at a particularly elaborate tombstone with statues of cherubic angels flanking it. I shine my flashlight on the epitaph and read. "Joseph Martin. Born 1910. Died 1975." I do the math... "You died at 65, and clearly someone put a lot of effort into your tombstone." I pause before making my educated guess. "You were the town banker." "Incorrect." A ghostly apparition sighs from its position perched on top of the tombstone. "I was actually the town baker." "What's with the cherubs then?" I ask arching an eyebrow. "It's a bit elaborate for a town baker." "My wife liked the finer things." I nod. "You were keeping up with the Joneses?" "Yeah, take a look at the gravestone two plots down, those were the Joneses." The apparition vanishes and I move on. A few minutes later I pause at another headstone. This one is simple, just a rectangular stone with some basic information. "Mary Winthrop. Born 1805. Died 1835." "Wow, you were a young one. " I sigh, crossing my arms and tapping my foot. "Given that year, my guess is housewife?" "I ain't no-one's housewife!" A semi-transparent woman shouts at me. "I was a working girl." She says with a wink. "I didn't realize ladies of the night got buried with such high honors." "You do when your town priest feels guilty about giving you syphilis." She cackles. "Joke's on him, I got it first!" She vanishes in a puff of hearty laughter and I continue on my way. I reach the far corner of the cemetery. There are no proper tombstones here, just small epitaphs, easy for lawn-mowing. I lean down and read one of the epitaphs. "William Pierce. Born 1895. Died 1932." I sigh "Another young one..." I pause for a moment before guessing. "You were a farm-hand." "I was actually Abraham Lincoln." A disembodied voice corrects me. "You can't be Abraham Lincoln." I correct him. "You were born after Lincoln died." " No... I was Abraham Lincoln." The voice responds back. Suddenly the voice is met with a chorus. *No, I was Abraham Lincoln.* *No! I was Abraham Lincoln.* *No! I was.* *No, I was.* *I was Abraham Lincoln.* I turn on my heel and walk away, I guess I now know where they buried all the town lunatics. 