
When Staton called me into the room, I didn't expect to find every single general standing perfectly straight, with their chins up, and their hands clasped behind their blacks, nor did I expect them to be staring at me with such intensity. "What is this?" I asked, halted in place, and swallowed hard. The generals were like statues: towering, silent and immobile. Staton rested a hand on my shoulder, guided me to a chair in the heart of the dimly lit room. Looking everywhere in hopes of finding a clue, an answer for what was happening, I obliged. Staton stood in front of me, and another general handed him a long scroll. "Soldier Durim, do you know what this is?" My brows wrenched downward. "A scroll? A map perhaps." He nodded a glacial nod, and unrolled it. I recognized immediately. It was the map of Reneran, the city we were going to seize in two months. It even had my dagger's hole in the middle. "What do you see here?" He pointed at the hole I'd made. His voice was calm. "A hole, general." The corner of my lips quirked upward into a tiny smile. "My mark of... good fortune." "Exactly. Now tell me, soldier, do you remember what was in the place you stabbed?" I sifted through my thoughts, explored the lines of the map, and shook my head. "It's quite a large space the one missing, general. I don't remember." "The entire Reneran is missing." His voice had an edge of anger now. The veins on his neck bulged out. The blood rose to his face. "Do you have the missing piece?" "No, general." My heart thumped. "I threw it somewhere." He took a step forth, threw the map aside. "So we will have to replace it now." "That would be a good idea," I said, and my eyes strayed to the other generals. They remained in a perfect formation against the walls, gazing at me through stone-hard eyes. Staton's hands clenched into fists. He took another step forward, hunched over me. "Do you have any idea how much these maps cost? Do you have any idea?" I swallowed. "Maybe fift--" "It doesn't matter how much it costs, soldier. You are making us waste unnecessary money. You ruined a fifty maps. Fifty maps!" I jumped in place. His saliva struck my face like diminutive arrows. Staton gritted his teeth, cursed under his breath. "We are operating in a low budget. You know this. It's the third time we have this conversation, and you keep stabbing the maps." He shook his head, held my eyes. His pupils quivered. "If you stab another map, not only will you pay for it, but you won't be a part of our forces any longer." "What?" I said. My voice came out weak, frail, scared, and so I rose to my feet, and cleaning my throat I repeated, in a much deeper voice. "What? You don't understand the meaning behind stabbing a map, general. You don't understand it. I though I had made this clear the last time you pulled out this ridiculous meet--" Staton snatched my throat. His grip was strong, his fingers fat. "I won't let you speak your stupid speech. We are not low on morale, we are low on money. You understand that? You stabbing a map is no more than brief elation. It's not good fortune either. It's worthless!" I nodded, struggling to breath, and after tightening his grip, he let me go. Gasping, and with my ego shattered, I drew a deep breath and said, "That's it. You don't understand half of the power stabbing a map with my dagger has. I won't bear this abuse any longer." With that, I left the room and the camp, and headed straight to Reneran. There, after gathering information and earning favors, I managed to speak with Toran, the mayor of the city. He was a short, fat man, with many jowls and bushy brows. He was kind enough to welcome me into his manor. "Is it true? Will they attack us and seize us until we surrender?" "Yes," I said. "In a month exactly." He sighed. "Well, there's not much we can do. Our army is small compared to theirs, and our relationship with the other cities is well... damaged to say the least." I grinned a vicious grin, unsheathed my dagger. "You won't need an army." I put the dagger on the table. "This beauty is magical. See the etching on the blade? Those are runes." Toran narrowed his eyes. "Are you certain of what you are saying? I know my weapons, and this seems like a standard alloy, and the etchings are poorly done." I barked a laugh, met his eyes. "Five months ago, those ungrateful bastards attacked Vaelan. Did you hear about that fight? Did you hear about the fifteen lightning bolts that fell upon Vaelan's army? "That--that was your doing?" Toran said, and his eyes lit up. He studied the dagger. "How does it work?" "Well, do you have a map?" ----------------------- r/NoahElowyn -- Consider subscribing if you enjoyed the story! 