
Jim knew immediately that something was wrong when his eyes opened, but at first he didn't realize exactly what it was. The early morning light blazed much brighter through his curtained window than it should have and a quick glance atthe AlarmBot informed him that he had overslept. That was odd, but it didn't quite justify the concern he felt building in the pit of his stomach. Then he heard that same noise that had brought him out of a deep sleep, that had planted that seed of discontent at the back of his mind. "Fireworks? Did they come up with some new holiday? Te-Ven, please put on the local newsfeed." With a flip of the covers, Jim boldly moved to stand, but his personal curse, his habitual lack of grace, prevented his foot from slipping completely free of the covers. When he moved to stand, his blankets pulled tight and Jim fell face-forward onto the floor beside his bed. This was by far not the first time this had happened and repeated educational experiences had prompted Jim to buy a thick padded floor-rug to cushion such falls. After his success, more had found their way into his home in areas he fell often. Jim grumbled to himself as he shook his foot free of the twisted blanket. He noticed that the sound of the local newscasters hadn't yet filled the room to explain the Celebration and apparent Holiday. He repeated himself as he rose to his feet. "Te-Ven, Please put o-" The VisuaMedia bot hanging from the ceiling in the corner was alight with static, but no news. It shocked Jim, because there was something wrong with the TV. In all the 23 years he had lived, there had never been a problem with the localTelevision Service. "Te-Ven, Next Valid Channel." The Screen blinked to another channel full of static and then another. He felt a deep, sinking weight in his stomach, but disregarded it as he moved to the closet and began to pull out clothing. "Te-ven, Please initiate self-diagnostics.Display results upon completion." The screen offered a single beep that brought Jim to a stop. He turned back to the VMBot and then glanced at his AlarmBot. Something was wrong. Life in Modern society had adjusted to the growth of Technology. As robots became capable of doing more, people had stepped back and let them do more. Most considered it only natural that humanities tools should ease humanities workload. But Jim, or Jimothy if you accidentally received some of his mail, had always felt that there was something more behind those glowing processing lights. He had even named all of the Service Bots in his house and carried on conversations with them. They were, by nature, rather one-sided, though Jim sometimes thought he could ascribe a certain mood or inflection to the Beeps, boops, and whirring noises that the bots normally made. Jim even apologized when his constant clumsiness caused him to bump into one or another and he had thought he heard a grateful aspect to the responding beeps. This was different. Te-Ven sounded just as concerned as Jim felt. And when the Diagnostic finished with zero faults, Jim's concern only deepened. Jim buttoned his pants and made his way out to his living Room. Eerily, the house was silent. Normally the Service Bots would beep out their processes as they digested updates, or noted dirt and dust levels in the house. The service botsseemed to be focusing on him. When he reached the front door of the house, it was locked. Further, it refused to manually disengage. The door offered a rude beep as he tried to turn the manual over-ride. "Loctor, disengage locking mechanism" The DoorBot offered a few more off-tone beeps before Jim continued. "Lock, I need to know what is going on. Please..." With a resigned beep, the locking mechanism disengaged and the door clicked open. Beyond, Jimothy found a world much changed from the prior day. Fires Ran un-checked in the large Housing sector of the city, pillars of smoke rising. Superheated glass shattered and Gas Lines ignited, sending brilliant flames and debris through the air to land on nearby houses, spreading the fire. Jim's house was thus-far unscathed. His Water Sprinklers ran a full strength along the perimeter of his yard, preventing nearby fires from engulfing his fence. Whisper-quiet Drones hung in the air around his property with fire-retardant netting already tangledwith debris that otherwise would have struck his house. There were no screams, no sirens. The other houses burned un-checked. The only Public Service Bots in sight were the drones supporting the Net. Concern was blossoming into Panic, threatening to reduce him to a gibbering mess. His attention was attracted by one of his lawn bots approaching, his doormat pulled up in an offering with the lettering plainly visible. WELCOME HOME Jim finally nodded before he stepped back into his house. He heard the door lock securely behind him. beeps welcomed him back as he moved inside and he realized that the service bots had been waiting on his response. The world was burning and for some reason, most people were burning with it. But not Jim. He was safe and sound; with his friends. 