
"No, really, it's true!" Said the fledgling dragon, eyes wide. "Humans have started using gold as rewards for doing stuff!" I raised one eyebrow critically. "They don't even *need* gold. They sleep on straw, and they eat meat- why would they go through all the trouble?" "I dunno! But Rymakh said he saw them using it in their markets...And Tiva says they hand it out at their hero guild!" "I will investigate." I said solemnly, rolling from my back to my belly. "Uh- isn't that *dangerous?*" Asked the youth. "Oh, certainly...for them." I said, walking from my cave into the sunlight. I beat my massive wings, piercing through the air at speeds most other dragons could only dream of. I had earned my title of Dragon Chief- with the strength of my body, and of my convictions- and I would be a damn foolish leader if I let the humans begin to abuse the largest Dragon commodity. Soaring above the human city, I announced myself with a roar that shook the foundations of their homes. "Bring me your King, bring me your Queen! I've come for communion." I said in the human tongue, settling on a hill west of the city. I waited for the better part of an hour, before, finally, a lone human came out to speak with me. He was dressed in soft robes, and was well-groomed for a human. "You are the King?" I asked. "No, my lord Dragon-" He began. With a swift *chomp* right next to the human's head, I made my displeasure known. "Do not tarry, human. I demanded your *King*, or your *Queen*, not a servant. One more mistake and I will level your city to the ground." He fled, terrified...and I waited again. Another hour. Finally, a young woman approached. She bore a crown. "You are the Queen?" I asked. "Y-yes, sorry, you see- I, ah- I sent my...diplomat, because I'm not very good at social stuff." She said, her cheeks bright red. "Be at ease." I said. I could read the honesty on her face, plain as day. "When did you assume the mantle?" "Just a few months ago, sir, uh, Dragon Chief." I smiled a little. Her awkwardness was almost charming, in its own way. "I have only one question for you, human Queen. Why have you begun to utilize gold? This is a precious Dragon commodity, and before now, the only creatures who have had use for it are the dwarves, who mine it *for us*, and ourselves. Why do you encroach our territory?" The Queen could not maintain eye contact. "You see... Well, I wasn't meant to be the Queen. I am the youngest of five- but my family, they perished in a storm while they were abroad- And me... I've only spent my time studying mercantilism, and trade, not ruling. I didn't think I would ever be anything but in charge of the treasury. So...with what little gifts I *do* have to give back to my people, I thought I could make a better system. Instead of trading so darn imprecisely, with a fur for a hot meal, or a horse for a sword- I would make a more precise system. It's... the only thing I'm good at, really. It's all I can do for my people. We've already mined up so much." I nodded. "You wished to use gold as an intermediary between goods. I understand. A representation of value, but not *actually* of value, since gold has so little use for humans." "Yes! You *get* it!" She said, making eye contact for the first time. "Almost everyone else was trying to fight me about it, because I'm so young...and because I'm a girl." "You are in, what, your twentieth year?" I asked. "Eighteenth, Chief." She replied solemnly. "You are too young for such strife. And you represent a problem to all dragon kind, with this system of yours. I am sorry, Queen, but I have no choice." I drew myself up to my full height. For a moment, fear flickered in the Queen's eyes. "From this day forward, Dragons will have no choice but to learn to participate in your economy. I require that you build larger gates, Queen- for we are coming to take your gold, and in exchange, we will provide services- in particular, we will protect you from the more shrewd rulers of the world who would love to do you harm." The Queen looked at me again. "A...symbiotic community?" She asked. "One that will have its place held permanently in the annals of history." I promised. ----------------------------------------- **AUTHOR'S NOTE:** Hey guys! I'm writing a brand-new Choose Your Own Adventure on my subreddit- go [here](https://old.reddit.com/r/nystorm_writes/comments/gzd48n/choose_your_own_adventure_part_vii_tragedy/) if you want to vote on how the story starts! I'd love to have you along for the adventure :) 