
Have you ever laid awake at night, and dreamt about what it would be like to have super powers? How awesome it would be to be as fast as flash, or fly like superman, or become spiderman? Where I am from, we lay awake at night praying that we don't get super powers. The super powers from the comics are nice, because they come with secondary powers that people never think about, that make it so your super power doesn't suck. The whole thing started with a scientist, I think he was german, who created a serum that would give humans super strength. Fuck yeah, sign me up, was the first thought for many people, and he was even allowed to administer the serum to several thousand people before we learned the side effect. See, it gave you super strength, you could lift entire cars, your muscles worked perfectly. What they don't tell you is that the rest of your body isn't ready for this, it was really gruesome for a while, as people picked up entire cars on TV to show off their new powers, and then you watched as their knees snapped and the car crushed them. Turns out when they tested the serum, they used an electronic resistance machine, so the person never really lifted the weights, he just pushed against it really hard against a machine and they used that to measure how strong he was. Seems like a silly oversight honestly, but it seems that once the cat was out of the bag, it just started to become more common. There was a guy who got bit by a radioactive spider, I think they later traced the spider all the way back to a nuclear reactor. The thing the spiderman movies always skip over is that spider's produce the webbing from their butt. Poor guy literally shat several miles of sticky web, before he hung himself on his own webbing. I remember reading a story about a guy who could produce flames from his hands, the catch being that it literally burned his hand when he did it. The grafted some skin back on his arm, but a few years later he got angry and lost control and is now in a burn ward somewhere, with most of his skin burned. The first person who learned he could run faster than everyone else, couldn't even run close to the speed that flash could, just a hundred and twenty miles per hour. Problem was that he didn't have any way to slow down, he saw that wall coming for the entire two minutes it took to reach it, and then he became one with the wall. The guy who could fly had it even worse, imagine feeling so free flying up in the sky, and then learning that flying took as much effort as running, and finding yourself 12 thousand feet in the hair and out of breath and exhausted. I guess that one wasn't so bad once people figured it out and word spread. You can kinda hover over walls and stuff now, but I think everyone is too scared to see what they can really do. After describing everything here, you probably think, What about invulnerability, if your body is invulnerable then there wouldn't be any problems. Tell that the miner who got trapped in a cave in, everyone else got rescued but because he was under the rubble they assumed he was dead. They found him a week after he starved to death, when they finally cleared away all of the rubble. He probably heard his friends being rescued and couldn't even move his mouth to call out for help. Pretty terrifying to realize that even though your invulnerable, you can still be buried alive. There are even complications with people who don't even have cool super powers. There is the story of a boy who could glow really bright, but it burns so many calories that if he uses it, he loses all of the fat on his body and his body starts eating itself for the calories. They said ten seconds of glowing cost him about four weeks of starvation, that was pretty insane. Someone else could call animals to his aide, but didn't have any control over them when they came to him. His girlfriend was trapped under a car, and he called the animals to him. A bear showed up and ate his girlfriend in front of him. So yeah, I lay awake every night, and I pray as hard as I can. I want to wake up tomorrow as a normal, ordinary boy. ***** Edit: You can find more of my writing on my brand new subreddit /r/iruleatants if you want to catch more of my short stories. 