
"May I?" Charles asked, smiling at the woman sitting across from him as he lifted a bottle of wine to her glass. "I hope it's not too much, the wine? I like to bring my own, you know, it's a little habit of mine..." The woman - her name was Alice, he knew that much - gave a coy smile and shook her head, her dark curls flying. "Oh, I don't drink. You never know when someone might want to poison you, you know." They stared at each other for a brief moment, and started to laugh. "Well, fair enough, I guess," Charles said, hiding his frustration behind a grin. Poison, no, but the little extra something he'd slipped in would have made her pleasantly compliable, and much easier to transport to his secondary location. But never mind, never mind. The night was young and fresh still, with many hours stretching out before him to conclude his business. "So, you go on blind dates often?" Alice stretched out the word 'blind', staring intently into Charles' eyes. Such lovely, light blue eyes. Her mouth curled into a smile as she imagined how he would look by the end of the night. The rest of him would be quite ruined, of course, but she would make sure to save those pretty eyes for her collection. She smirked to herself as she imagined the headlines they would write - a man murdered and blinded on a blind date. "Not many, no," Charles sighed. "My dates never call me back, for some reason." "Poor baby." She leaned forward to touch his wrist, hoping the powder she'd transfer there would be enough to knock him out. It was almost too easy by now - she'd simply have to act panicked when her date fainted, and get him out of here. Someone would probably even help load him into a cab for her. He jerked his hands back before she could do it, however, and she stared at him. No-one had *ever* rejected her. He looked discomfited. "Sorry, I...don't like being touched unexpectedly," he said, flustered, kicking himself for the awkward explanation. It was perfectly true, but he'd always been able to act normal on these occasions before. Pretend to be comfortable with human contact, eager to touch the women he met. But this woman - there was something in her eyes that woke a nameless instinct in his gut. That warned him to be careful. But another part of him was begging him to ignore the instinct, to lean forward and found out what it felt like to hold her hand. He took a hasty gulp of wine to mask his confusion, bewildered by his own feelings - he'd never felt this way about another person before. Always, he'd only been interested in one thing. And it wasn't sex. "That's quite alright, I guess I'm just too comfortable with you," she said graciously, curling her hands into fists on her lap, carefully wiping her fingertips clean on the tablecloth. Perhaps she'd moved too fast. There was something about this one that made her eager to get him back to her place, to play....for the first time in a long time, she felt anticipation for the act that would precede her kill. He really did have *very* pretty eyes. "Dreadful, isn't it? That murder?" Charles changed the subject abruptly, gesturing towards the cover of the newspaper the man at the table across from them was reading. He couldn't resist - the cover was splashed with the details of his last *date*, after all. It always gave him a delicious thrill to discuss his actions, to pretend to be as horrified as the rest of them. "Oh, yes," said Alice, sparing the newspaper a single glance, her lip curling slightly. "Shocking, I guess. A little...unimaginative, though." She said the last sentence under her breath, almost unconsciously. But Charles heard her, and his pulse quickened. That wasn't a normal response. That wasn't normal at all. "Oh? You'd do it differently, would you?" he asked sardonically, and their eyes met over the table, as if seeing each other properly for the first time. "Sorry, that was insensitive, wasn't it?" she gave an odd, light sort of laugh. "I guess it's just, there's so many crimes like that, you know? Young woman found, throat slashed in an alley. It gets a little tiring to read, I suppose. A little...boring." He stared at her, his eyes sharp with interest, forgetting all about his second attempt to slip something in her glass of water. He *had* to hear this. "Oh? What would make it a better scene, do you think? What would make it less boring?" Three hours later, they were still sitting at their table, leaning in to each other as they talked animatedly. At some point, their hands had linked across the table. The waiter smiled to himself as he went to fill their glasses. It always gave him a lift to see a first date go well. ---------- Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. 