
The coal-wasps are everywhere, and they're faster than reindeer. The Christmas Eve sky used to be all doves and snowflakes, but now it's just a death cloud of these radioactive mutants, more like razorblades on wings than godly animals. I bank and roll the sleigh. My best elf Snowcap is manning the eggnog cannon, and I call out for him to fire another blast at the bugs. It makes a few of them fall towards the ground and the rest scatter. I take a breath, thinking we've bought ourselves a few minutes of safe flying before the swarm regroups and pursues us again. But then I hear Snowcap screaming. I should have known even my most modest of hopes was still too much to fucking ask for on Nuclear Christmas. I glance back over my shoulder. One of the coal-wasps must have clipped Snowcap right in the neck because now he's gushing blood all over the presents and stocking stuffers. The poor elf faints onto the sleigh, losing his green cap to the radwinds. "Put fucking pressure on it!" I shout at Peppermint. She can barely hear me over Snowcap's groans and reindeer wails, as we all careen through the radstorm. Peppermint fumbles across the sleigh and gets her tiny hand to cover up the flowing bite wound on Snowcap's neck. I'm just hoping she can somehow keep her wits about her, even though I'm pretty sure a workshop elf doesn't know the first thing about medical triage. I feared all along I was underestimating the risks, putting good elves and deer in more danger than they could have ever fathomed. I worry even that was selling tonight short. The ionic field from Rudolph's nose keeps the gamma rays at bay, but it does nothing for the turbulence. This armada of coal-wasps probably extends all the way down to goddamn Buenos Aires. We're already hours behind schedule, I still have no clue how I'm even supposed to slide my fat ass into a hermetically sealed bomb shelter. Now I'm about to watch my friend and best elf lieutenant die. But I have to press on. "Why do these children deserve presents?" a few of the elves asked me in the weeks before Christmas, "These kids who survived in the fallout shelters aren't so innocent. Their parents are the rich and powerful assholes who decided to launch the bombs in the first place! What's naughtier than launching a nuclear ICBM?" "The kids aren't their parents," I had replied, "If this world's ever going to recover from this nightmare, and maybe even rebuild into something better one day, then it will have to be by the hands of these very children. If they're going to get that right, then they need to know things they'd never learn from these chickenhawk grownups, hiding out from their colossal fuckup. These kids, they need to know about kindness, generosity, and the motherfucking Christmas spirit. In the nuclear winter, we're the last ones left who can keep that spark alive. That's why we still gotta go our job." I look back over the sleigh. Peppermint is just crying now, looking at her blood soaked hands. Poor Snowcap has gone perfectly still. I shout at her to get it together and man the eggnog cannon because there's no time yet for grief, and the coal-wasp swarm is regrouping fast. I pull on the ropes and the reindeer climb, deeper into the yellow clouds of the radstorm. On the ground below, there aren't even any Christmas lights or wreaths to guide us. I'm exhausted. I'd cut off my beard for just one more fucking taste of a chocolate chip cookie. If I'm honest, deep inside me there's a voice that keeps repeating how this all just seems so impossible. But Santa Claus was always an impossible idea, right? That never stopped me before. 