
I've spent the better part of the school year trying desperately to prophecise *something*. I told a woman that her tea leaves symbolized a failing marriage, but riches beyond her imagination. Within the month, her house had gotten repossessed and she lived on the streets, but was happy as can be with her husband. I read tarot cards of death, pain, and misery. The guy ended up besting Death in a game of marbles and was so stoked he bought an entire town's worth of beer for everyone. I tried to interpret my own dreams, I thought that maybe I was one of the special few who got divine, prophetic dreams. I woke up from a wonderful dream that the coastal towns would gain the most traction and money in their entire existence. They were flooded the next day. Other students began to mock me, saying that I was cursed and just plain old bad luck. I began to believe it, as I even tried to predict my next birthday present. As my mother finally came down the steps with a massive box, I began to jump excitedly as I believed this would be my final break. This was the telescope I asked for, so I could read the stars. My mother finally waddled over and slammed the thing onto the ground, leaning over with a heavy sigh and wiping the sweat from her forehead. Sure, if I was right I was really only good at parlor tricks, but I wouldn't be a total failure. I finally got my desperate claws to open up the thin paper, my eyes glowing in anticipation. At the first sign of the wooden exterior, my face dropped. More and more paper was torn away, and I was left with nothing but a polished, ancient wardrobe meant for housing shadows. Mom asked if I wasn't happy with the gift, I replied that I wasn't happy with its implications for my prophetic career. "I'm going to cry.." I told her with a quivering lip. "I'm going to cry." Of course, I began to laugh. It was the most gut wrenching, stomach tightening laugh I had ever let out of my throat. My whole body hurt within the next few seconds of my sudden outburst. And then it finally hit me. I was never a prophet. I was never an oracle. I wasn't one who could predict the fates. I was one who could change them. My mother, of course, became overly worried as I burst in to an insane laughter with little control. I quieted as soon as I started, and she hesitantly asked me if I was okay. Instantly I nodded, a massive smile on my face as I struggled to get up. "Of course I am. After all, I just realized that I'll never have another birthday." 