
You'd be surprised how much infernal energy it takes to combat stage three melanoma; which, if given only that information, might lead you to believe my bargain with Andre Schnapp is a poor one. What good a bargain where I am but a passenger, and he gets to continue living his life as if the cancer had never began to metastasize? In asking such a question, you reveal two fundamental facts about yourself: first, that you've never had the pleasure of hell's hospitality. Second, that you severely underestimate how much fun a demon can have even if he's only behind the wheel of a meat wagon for about twenty seconds. Allow me to introduce myself, my name is XclNkrazzi. You can call me Nick, and for simplicity we'll call me a demon of gluttony. That's not precisely my role, but karmic metaphysical matters would make a deeper understanding problematic for the tattered remains of your immortal soul. I used to spend most of my day getting whipped, and the rest of it being force fed a culinary morass that makes human centipede look downright appetizing. In the rare days we got a break from that spa day schedule, I'd haul boulders up a ladder to an overseer who would then drop them on me. Good times. About three months ago, that all changed, and now I spend most of my time lighting tiny tumors on fire. No idea how Schnapp got hold of me out of all the damned spirits of hell, but I burn the midnight oil happily to keep the - pardon me - hell away from my old job. I've spent the last twelve weeks double bunking inside Andre's monkeymobile, and we've gotten to know each other pretty well. Andre was always a bit of a timid guy, one of the reasons he didn't go to a doctor as soon as he should of, too afraid of hearing bad news. Me? I spent half an eternity eating nails for breakfast on a good day. Andre worked as a waiter when I first set up shop, some lady stiffed him on a hundred dollar drink tab, left him one of those fake $10 bill religious pamphlet things. I don't think either of us realized I was driving till the boys in blue had us locked up in the drunk tank for the night and I'd knocked out a solid half the bar. Took a lot of juice mind melding my way out of that one, but apparently being a jackass is a good way to keep the candles on in here. Whatever keeps me away from the chow line, I'll take; and hell, Andre has a pretty hot wife. 