
The battlefield was a sight like no other. The gore and terror of the omniverse, wrought before all the senses to behold. The sights. The sounds. The smells. The textures. Things I never thought possible to experience. watching battles unfold as various species vied for power was both devastating and enthralling at the same time. Watching some capitulate, only to be cut down regardless, while others fought back against an onslaught of chaos, until the last soul was either dead or dying. Did you know that some species orgasm when they die? Maybe orgasm isn't the right word... ecstasy. Unbridled ecstasy. No matter how gruesome or agonisingly slow their death, at the last moment, they experience a moment of pure, unbridled pleasure. They fought the hardest, I surmised, as I watched the battle unfold below. I hadn't planned on being dragged into this fight, and even now, months into the fighting, the meaning of it all escaped me. I'd gathered bits and pieces of information. A half-heard discussion while passing by in the dark, some scattered propaganda from those groups who still championed a virtuous leader for their cause. We were in this for The Prize. A wish. One wish. Of absolute power, and absolute reach. It could change the very fabric of reality should the final victor choose so. I clambered off the rock I had been perched on, and continued my trek down the mountainside. There was no rush. I was in no danger here. Even if I didn't know why. Since the day I arrived here, everyone has avoided me, once they've seen my face. The heroes of the multiverse, from across time, space and reality. It wasn't my race, my gender, my size. This wasn't a war where those things necessarily meant anything about the soul behind that facade. It was my face. In the months since I arrived, nobody has been able to look at my face and treat me the same way again. And I know why. I came across a recent battlefield, some weeks into my journey. freshly slain corpses were littered about, and as I traversed the field, a grown arose to my side. There I found a single man, fatally wounded, but still struggling for breath. As I held his head in my lap, he gazed up at my face, wide-eyed. "You!" He gasped. "Me? What about me? What is it everyone is so fearful of me for?" With the last breath of a man who had nothing to fear any longer, he whispered to me. "It's just... you're the guy they said won last time." 