
The first full moon of the year. A crowd of people hoping this one will be better than the last, a collage of torches dotting a semi circle around the bloodstained post my hands were chained around. The torch fire struck the whites and yellows of teeth as the crowd jeered, the Baitsman's mouth agape in a crooked sneer as he drew a knife over my chest, drawing a shallow line of blood. "Thankful are we to the Wolf!" They howled. "Humbled are we by the moon!" Iron cuffs rubbed across my wrists and I sighed. Weird way to show appreciation. A lightly jeweled man stepped out from the crowd to stand in front of me. Facing them and me, his back turned to the dark woods that lay ahead of me, the Baitsman prowled up beside him, a small bucket of my blood clasped in his offhand, and the still dripping knife held casually in his right. The jeweled man turned to him, nodding, and the Baitsman turned - walking off calmy toward the woods. Silence blanketed the crowd. "The Baitsman has begun to lay the trail, the offering is prepared. Soon the moon will be full and another year shall begin, a year kinder than the last!" The crowd roared in approval, I rolled my eyes. The mayor was a particularly juicy looking man who was living proof I'd no control of the Wolf. If I could control it, direct it, even give it the faintest nudge then I'd have sent it up through his bedroom window years ago. Human sacrifice, like the Wolf could get full - decide that maybe one was enough, for tonight. Like he'd be satisfied, content, not at all inclined to sniff out the source of a baby's cries, not at all motivated to tear through its parents once it finds the basement. A gust of cold wind shook the torchlight around me, a swarm of firefly embers soaring off the flames. People turned up to the moon, dissolving into view as thin clouds parted above. "The time has come!" The mayor announced, his jewels clacking together as he raised his hands in vigor. Behind him the Baitsman approached from the dense wood, his bucket now empty no doubt and his knife wiped clean. "Away! So that the sacrifice can be made, away! Thankful are we to the Wolf!" "Humbled are we by the moon!" Wet mud stuck and squelched as the murder procession turned back to their houses. The Mayor walking past me near last, unable to match my eyes with nothing but a quick disgusted glance at my bared and bloodied chest coming my direction. The Baitsman left last, patiently with no worry, clasping a strong hand on my shoulder as he trudged past his head nor his eyes turning to pay me any mind. Then I was alone. The cold biting at me, the iron driving into the cracking skin on my wrists. Moonlight shining down. I'd done so well, been so careful. Averted all suspicion taken every precaution, stayed here amongst them - in my home - for years. Every witch hunt and every paranoid village meeting I'd survived with noone the wiser, but I can't charm a lottery. My body cracks. I creak, my spine bends - I feel my fingers break. My gums bleed as my teeth are forced out of my head with sharper, longer ones pushing through - my toes curl in agony, stretching and snapping. The iron chain holding me pulls tight as my body contorts, I'm snapped back with my neck aching upward, toward the moon, and as I howl a red fog pours into my mind - my last waking thought being the image of jewels. Jewels smacking against each other with every exaggerated motion, every gentle and unsure step around the chaining pole, a fat, juicy man who wasn't able to look me in the eye - ready to be humbled by the moon. 