
"I'm sorry," Alexander said, as his spade bit into the earth. Tears crept down skin that had, until this day, been desert. "Why are you doing this?" Katie asked, her wrists struggling against the rope bindings; they didn't hurt her, no matter how fiercely she fought them, and yet they were tight. Alexander heaved another mound of dirt out of the slowly deepening hole. In the distance, a great vulture flew down from a tree and landed next to the body of Katie's brother. Its beak dipped into the open carcass. "I couldn't kill you. I can't even harm you." "Then...we are..." Alexander paused for a moment. "I-" he stuttered, "I can't kill you, but others can. *They will*. You are the King's daughter. You will be cut into pieces. And I will be killed for helping you." He thrust the spade back into the earth. The vulture squawked; its beak was now a dripping crimson. "You don't have to do this. We could run away, together," Katie begged. "I'm sorry. But I will come back for you." Sweat mingled with tears, and the evening light danced on his cheeks. He picked Katie up, and carefully placed her into the pit. "Please," she begged, terrified, as dirt fell onto her. For a moment he paused. The spade trembled violently in his hands. He looked down into Katie's eyes: they were a damp, viridescent - like morning dew on a rose leaf. After a deep breath, he shook his head. "Plea.." Her voice was muffled and faint, and soon Alexander heard nothing. "I'll come back for you. I promise." --- Darkness. Moons passed. Years fell like raindrops and the black net seemed to last forever. It was a farmer, turning earth for his crops, that found the body. When it began to slowly move, writhing in its pit, he dropped his spade and fled. Katie crawled out of the grave, shielding her face from the blazing sunlight. Her once green eyes were now that of the darkness she'd been prisoner to. She'd never felt so thirsty - a dreadful, desperate burn that had been building for so long yearned within her. Her torn, rotten, clothes flapped in the wind. She had waited for him - she'd had no choice. Her body had not suffered in the grave, but her mind had been terribly changed. "I will find you, Alexander," she whispered. The breeze took her words and spread them like seeds across the kingdom. Far away from the excavated pit, a shiver ran down the new King's spine. --- [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/nickofnight/comments/66w65a/wp_you_live_in_a_world_where_your_soulmate_is/) 