
Emily sat across from him at a table draped with a red satin tablecloth. Her champagne flute remained untouched as she searched for the words to say. "I'm sorry Jacob, but," she paused averting her gaze. "It's not you it's me." "What do you mean?" "I don't think I'm ready for a long term relationship. It's just too much right now. You're great, truly. But I think it's best if we take a break." "For how long?" he asked, sadness crept into his voice. She sighed quietly. "I'll let you know. I'm sorry," she said rising from the table leaving him alone, head hanging. He watched her go, her heels clicking against the black and white tiled floor of the Italian restaurant. *Well, this version didn't work either. Maybe she really wasn't ready for a long term relationship,* he wondered. *Or. Maybe she doesn't realize just how much she needs me.* He dropped a stack of money on the table and slipped into the night. Heavy rain drops began to fall as he made his way toward Emily's apartment. Emily tossed herself down onto her couch and pulled her plush robe around herself. She clutched the warm cup of tea between her hands and drank deeply. *This is what I want,* she smiled. A quiet scratching turned her head. *Probably the storm.* She turned the TV to listen to the home decorator explain their choices for the house they had just flipped. The scratching came again, more urgently this time. She set her tea down, her bare feet whispered across the floor as she made her way to the front door. She had to stand on her toes to see through the small peephole. "I'm just hearing things," she tried to convince herself. Another series of frantic scratching turned her head toward the window. She grabbed an umbrella and gripped it like a baseball bat. Lightning flashed outside her apartment, the brilliant light briefly illuminating a small shape on her fire escape. *Is that?* A quiet meow came from the window as a reply to her question. "You poor thing!" she cooed as she opened the window and lifted the soaking wet kitten inside. The cat meowed happily and pressed its head against her plush robe. Emily dried him off and got a small dish of tuna fish for the cat. It didn't have a collar or anything that could help her identify who the cat could possibly belong to. "Well, I need to call you something. Any ideas?" *Jacob,* the cat thought to himself and meowed again. "How about Hamlet?" Jacob meowed again. *Doesn't matter to me as long as you love me.* --- Thanks for reading! Check out /r/Written4Reddit for more stories! 