
"So there I was, getting onto the bus, when I reached into the bag. Instead of the rattle of the exact loose change I needed for my fair, I felt something heavy. I could feel a handle of sorts. When I wrapped my hand around it, my finger felt what was unmistakably a trigger. My whole body went rigid. I could feel the blood rush from my face. I felt sick. Why was the giving bag giving me a gun? I stood, frozen on the spot for what felt like ages, the bus driver clearly getting irate with the living statue giving him a 1000 yard stare." "I let go, pulling my hand out and tried again. Same result. I must have tried 4 or 5 times when I heard the alarms behind me. 3 men ran out of the jewellery store and onto the bus. They shoved me down to the floor and one held a knife at the face of the driver, screaming at him to drive. I pulled my hand out of the giving bag and shuffled back as far from the men as I could. The bus driver closed the doors and pulled quickly away, bashing a couple cars in his haste. One of the men grabbed a young woman on a front seat and held a hammer above her head, yelling at the driver to go faster." "I got to my feet. No idea how I managed that as the bus was swaying quite violently. I made up my mind, I reached into the bag and pulled out the gun. Now, American readers might not find this too extraordinary, but I live in England. The only people who have guns over here are farmers, sport hunters, history nerds and some of the police. Most of the people over here have never seen a handgun in person, let alone a man wielding one on the number 17 bus in Coventry." "So I pointed the gun at the man holding the woman and found that I wasn't able to say anything. I cleared my throat, peed a little, and all I was able to say was "d'wan'le'er'go", It was a garbled mess of a request. So I tried again. "Do you wanna let her go?" I managed. All 3 turned and saw me, pointing the gun at their faces. There was a bit of a stand off, I was ready to back down when the people sat behind me cheered me on. With newly found vigour, I restated my request. "Let her go!" Much more firm that time. The dude with the hammer started to bring it down at speed towards the poor girls head. So I fired." "The other two stood in silent shock as his body fell down. Everyone's ears were ringing. Mine felt like they were bleeding. I couldn't even hear the girl scream as she scrambled past me to the back. There was a lot of blood. So much blood. With adrenaline filling me with bravado I turned to point the gun on the other two. The nearest went to put down his weapon, but it was only a ruse, he charged me like a rugby player. His chest level with the ground as he started to cover the short distance. I pointed the gun down at his exposed back. The two shots I put there soon stopped him." "With his two comrades down, one missing a chunk of his head, the other lay motionless at my feet gurgling and moaning, the third man dropped the knife. He turned and started scrambling at the closed door. The bus driver stopped and let it open. He ran faster than anyone I've seen run before." "And that's when you arrived, Officer. Anyone on the bus will say the same as to what happened. Plus, I'm pretty sure there's CCTV on there too. I would give you the gun but it did the usual thing and turned to dust. Everything from the giving bag eventually turns to dust. Something turn quicker than others. The handcuffs really aren't necessary, Officer." *Edit to try to clear up the whole 'shot in the back issue.' 