
Tea makes everything better. The small fish swimming idly deep below the surface of the Boston Harbor could not see the chaos unfolding high above, nor could he hope to understand it. What occupied the small brain of the simple creature was where to get his next meal, and maybe, if he was lucky, find his mate. Little did he know what was brewing in the currents of fate. As the emotions of man ran hot, the water deep below remained cold. As the forces and tides of change began to billow in the wind like the great sails of the ships that cast shadows long and deep into his world, all remained still below. In the powers and forces that collided in this charged and historical moment, a magical-spark lit in the depths of the blue, shining bright like a star. The fish had never seen anything as beautiful, and began to swim towards it, an urge beyond his understanding driving his actions. The chaos above had reached boiling point, and with mighty splashes like thunder, boxes of tea began to plummet into the sea, spilling their contents in growing shadows of brown that spread across the Harbor. The fish was almost upon the star as the boxes sank like teabags in a pot, encircling the magical spark that was still rising, the water beginning to fizzle. The fish reached the star just as the tea entered his gills, flowing through him. A golden glow exploded out from the star and enveloped his small body. The spark had captured it all; the emotion, the technology, the knowledge, the culture, and most impotantly; the magic of nature. All deposited neatly inside the small fish's now huge brain. Of course, it tasted great, too. The journey of Bob, the first of his kind, had not been easy from that point. 246 years had passed. 246 years of surviving, of building, and of never forgetting the betrayal of the men above. They would pay for their crimes, and they would pay for their blasphemy. For tea would not be spilt, without equal measures of blood. Now his army was complete, his cities built. He had spread and manifested the spark into a civilisation able to match any of the surface world. He knew that Britain had declined in recent times, but with his help, they would become great again. Taking control, he would be the leader to steer them on, to right the wrongs of history, to settle the score with their enemies. Starting with America. Feedback appreciated :) more stories over on /r/FatDragon :) 