
######[](#dropcap) "How many have you killed?" Hilary Flint paused with whetstone in hand, the other holding his cavalry saber steady. There was a look of wary bemusement in his grin as he replied. "And what do you mean by that?" said Flint. Faealina shrugged, idly tracing a finger around the rim of her teacup. "You're a soldier, seen your share of war. You must have killed many foes. Do you remember them all?" Flint said nothing, and for a moment Faealina feared she had crossed some unmentioned boundary. She took a sip of tea instead, glancing askance at her *Taeros* as he continued to hone the edge of his blade. "I 'member my first," said Flint quietly. His eyes didn't leave his work. "It was an Elvish grenadier -of House Beyld's 19th Foot in retrospect; the green facings, you see- Stabbed him with a carving knife in his throat. Wasn't very good then at killing. I missed the jugular and the spinal column. Didn't have the stomach to finish the job, so he just... died like a gutted fish, all kicking and gurgling blood. Took about fifteen minutes all told. "The first Man I killed was a rapist. Found him as he was buttoning up his trousers and she covered in blood. He wasn't a fighter, could barely hold the knife he'd threatened her with. He begged for mercy, begged me not to kill him. I threw him headfirst out of a fifth-story window, told him he wasn't worth the bullet. But most of them, they're just faces in dreams." Flint examined the blade's length, his green-gray eyes hovering about the razor-thin edge. "And what about you? Have you killed anyone?" he asked Faealina. "No, not physically at least," she answered, eyes lowered. She took another sip of her tea. "But words can cut as well as any blade, Flint. I know that better than most." Hilary Flint nodded, a rueful smile on his lips. "I try not to dwell on the past. I've made corpses and widows and orphans, fed dogs and crows and coffin-makers. Sometimes I have had to kill for survival, other times for vengeance. I've fought for causes and I've killed for pay. And you know what? It really doesn't matter. This world doesn't care if you're on the right side or the wrong side, whether you fight for honor or glory or money, if you're poor or rich, or Elvish or Mannish. I fight because I'm good at it, not because I enjoy it." He set the whetstone aside, and picking up the saber, sheathed it in its scabbard. "Don't ask me, dove, about how many I've killed because I don't know. Ask me instead how many lives I've saved. I know that number by heart." 