
"No--he is not sleeping with me," I informed the two heroes, blandly. The three of us sat in a too-white interrogation room, sitting in shiny steel chairs. One, hero, powerfully built and friendly looking sat across from me, and the other, a thin wisp of a man sat in the corner. I was in my pajamas and had my bare feet on the table, refusing to take this whole thing seriously. "Come now, Ms. Lansing, you're a pretty woman. He's got to be..." began Captain Storm. "God I don't even know if Pan likes women," I admitted thinking back for any evidence of flirting or some sort of interest. "For all I know he's asexual." "Ms. Lansing you have been kidnapped 37 times in the past four years alone," the Captain said trying to bring me back to the subject at hand. But I was stuck on the thought of the long, absurdly gangly Dr. Panic and his potential mating preferences. "Strikes me as the kind of person who would procreate using mitosis." "Ms. Lansing ever since he attacked the Wayfair Laboratories and took you hostage--he hasn't stopped! He even sent us a threat telling us to leave you alone and not to stop him! By literally pinning the note to the Blue Rider's back! With a nail!" I wrinkled my nose. "Yeah--he found out you have the Silent Shadow following me," I left out that I had mentioned that fact to him. "And he really didn't like that." "You have piqued the interest of the world's most brilliant dictator, Lansing. And most interestingly, he has even let you go of his own volition on several occasions," explained the Silent Shadow from where he sat in the corner of the interrogation room. "It is not a far leap in logic, that you are working for him in some manner." His tone made it clear that he believed those words and thought I was a threat. "I ain't done shit, SS," I snapped at him. "And what am I going to do to help him? I've got no powers. I'm not a scientist. I'm a film studies major!" "Who makes documentaries about superpowers and super science," Shadow leaned forward glaring at me. "You backed the Secrecy Bill, didn't you," my patience for Shadow immediately bottomed out. "Free speech bud, we are allowed to talk about whatever the hell we want to talk about--and that includes your superpowers AND your fuckups," I snapped back. The Silent Shadow glared back at me with those dark, endless black eyes. We were distracted by a distant thud noise. But the Captain quickly got us back on track. "You have to realize how dangerous this is. Dr. Panic is a tyrannical pirate king. He murders and kills with impunity." "Where does that sound familiar?" I asked pointedly. "Why that sounds a lot like what this asshole did to Fire Master." I jabbed an accusatory thumb at Silent Shadow. You don't get to kill someone in cold blood--even a villain--and not get a nasty reputation. Even if the government was stupid enough to excuse the action, I wasn't about to. "This is why we needed the bill, Cap," Shadow growled. "This is why we need to shut people up, Cap, they hold us responsible for our actions," I mocked him with a high pitched toddler voice. "Listen you stupid little woman we are trying to HELP you!" Shadow snapped. "And near as I can tell you're aiding and abetting a CRIMINAL." "And you aren't letting me out of this interrogation room even though I'm not under arrest," I shot back. "Pan's rules suck but at least he's honest enough to follow his own rules. You, not so much." "Ms. Lansing, we are trying to help you. To keep you safe." "Did I ask for help, asshole?" "Maybe if we throw you in jail for a little while, you'll feel like talking," Shadow said. "Obstruction of justice sounds about right." "My lawyer will eat you for lunch," I gave a wicked smile. "And I'd film the whole fiasco." The Captain's patience had run thin. "Ms. Lansing, this isn't some game. This isn't about winning--it's about a crazed pirate king kidnapping you." "What about the crazed masked men who've kidnapped me?" I asked raising an eyebrow at him. "You do this almost as much as he does." "Rescuing isn't the same as kidnapping!" "I was eating breakfast when that asshole pulled me through the damn shadow behind my fridge to bring me here! How is that NOT kidnapping?" I motioned at Shadow. "Why does Dr. Panic need you?" The Shadow got to his feet and slammed his fist on the interrogation room table. "What purpose could you possibly serve for him? Tell us now! Or I'll--" The door of the interrogation room flew open and a familiar spindly figure stood in the doorway flanked by two henchmen in ridiculous outfits. The Captain and Silent Shadow were shot before they could do anything. The Captain took the bolt of lightning like a champ but he wasn't quite invulnerable enough to stay conscious. The Silent Shadow was reduced to his ethereal form by the force of the lightning. Dr. Pan, all weird angles and wearing that ridiculous Hook coat and those heavy duty laboratory goggles, was holding two martini glasses with a green liquid in them. "I've got Miami Connection and Appletinis," he said with an absurdly happy smile. "Lets go!" Edit: Thanks for the editing, guys! Fixed those typos. 