
"We were almost there," I said as I tried to catch my breath. "What do you mean?" Jimmy asked, suddenly worried. "It was a setup, that's what he means," Henry said angrily. "I think they got Mike too," I said solemnly as I looked around, "and where's Cam?" We were back at Cam's treehouse, our rendezvous point. "He wasn't with you? I haven't seen him since you left. So what the hell happened?" Jimmy demanded. Henry and I looked at each other, unsure who would explain. "It was all wrong from the start," I began, shaking my head, "we stopped off for supplies and old Lisa Simpson over here," I nodded towards Henry, "thought it'd be smart to plonk a crowbar on the checkout counter." "Hey it's a good tool, you never know when it'll come in handy," Henry said. "Yeah, well, the lady behind the counter was suspicious after that. And when she looked back at the flashlight, rope, and balaclavas she'd already put through, she started calling the manager. So we had to split, leaving the damn gear behind," I said. "You didn't get the flashlight? But how'd you see?" I started shaking my head, "we didn't need it. Anyway, it only got worse from there. When we arrived at the building we went to the side door Cam had promised would be open but it was locked." "Could have used a crowbar," Henry muttered "So we found a small bathroom window and Henry climbed through," I continued, "it slowed things down and there were a lot of people around where we came in. Eventually we made it to Cam's dad's work. We were almost ready to execute the plan when..." Just then the trapdoor opened and Cam's head popped through. He looked worried. "They got Mike," he said as he climbed up. "We know," Henry and Jimmy said simultaneously. Once inside, Cam started pacing around the tiny space, forcing the rest of us to squeeze together awkwardly. "How could they have known? I never let on to dad but William, that other young guy who works there, seemed to know exactly when we'd arrive," he stopped and looked at us, "did any of you say anything?" We all shook our heads. "Well someone must have. One minute we were creeping along the service corridor and about to open the back door when the alarm goes off, next thing the door's opening and William's standing there. He grabs Mike as we all run off and that's that." Jimmy turned his attention to me, "wait a minute, isn't William your sister's boyfriend?" "Yeah, and he's an idiot," I said without blinking. "But maybe you told him something?" I shook my head, but in the back of my mind I thought back to that conversation we'd had the other night. "So what do we do about Mike?" Henry asked. None of us answered. "What if the cops got him?" Henry asked again, "we have to do something!" I was about to reply when the trapdoor opened again. It was William. Everyone froze. "Boo!" William said. We all screamed and scrambled away from him. He laughed as he lifted himself into the treehouse. He didn't bother closing the door. It was already a tight squeeze but with a fully grown man in here, it was now uncomfortably cramped. "So you guys thought you'd pull off a grand heist, huh?" William said. None of us spoke, we all just looked at our feet, awaiting our inevitable fate. The silence was broken by footstep climbing up the ladder. We looked to the open trapdoor, waiting for that blue cap of the cops to appear. A moment later Mike's head popped up, "hey guys!" We all looked at him with wide eyes. "What happened," Jimmy asked as he looked from Mike to William and back again. "I beat the little bastard, that's what," William said with a grin. "Hey you're a few years older than me, and you said I was the best player you've ever faced," Mike said as he pulled himself up, dragging a black rubbish bag behind him. "What about the alarm?" Cam asked. "The fire alarm? Oh yeah, false alarm apparently. Someone in a shop at the other end of the mall set it off," William said dismissively. Mike grinned at the rest of us as he shook the bag, "here, I got the whole lot." "I *loaned* you the whole lot," William corrected him. Jimmy looked at William with confusion, "what do you mean?" William walked over to the TV and flicked it on, then walked over to Mike and stuck his hand in the black rubbish bag. "I mean; you guys don't need to break into Cam's dad's store to steal things," he said as he laughed, "you can just borrow my stuff, but first," he said as he pulled out a video game, "you guys have to beat me in every one of them." We all looked at each other and grinned. 