
Jeremy Bennett was on his way home from work when a notification alerted his cellphone from the backseat. He stretched his arm trying to see the notification but the phone was too far over behind him. "What the hell." Jeremy commented to himself before unbuckling his seatbelt. After finally grabbing hold of the phone, a car honked behind him impatiently. Traffic was getting heavier while everyone was trying to beat the incoming storm home. Jeremy saw the notification on his phone coming from the Mars Curiosity Rover. The message held an audio file. He pressed 'play' listening to the sounds of the Rover spinning around signing, a familiar tune - 'Happy Birthday.' "It's not my birthday," Jeremy said to himself. He was confused on why the Rover would send him the audio of a happy birthday tune. Right before the message ended, Jeremy slammed on his brakes. Jeremy sat in shock for a few moments before replaying the message. Ignoring the cars speeding past him, he replayed the audio only to hold it closer to his ear. There was another voice singing along with the Rover. "Oh my god." Jeremy rushed as quickly as he could through traffic back to the NASA Headquarters. He grabbed what he could carry and sped off toward his office through the rain, locking the door behind him. Jeremy powered on all four of his monitors before he plugged his phone into the console. He was in such a rush to analyze the audio, he didn't even bother to take off his raincoat. The file was ready. Jeremy collapsed into his chair, rolling it over in front of the monitor playing the audio. He put on his glasses he always wore while analyzing, focusing on the peculiar voice in the background. The voice didn't seem to be coming from the Rover, nor did it sound like another Rover. Jeremy shuffled through his desk, pulling out his enhanced headphones. He placed each piece inside each ear before closing his eyes to concentrate. Minutes spun around the clock while he tried to listen over and over to the voice. Each time he listened, he used a program to target the mysterious audio. "Come on, come on." Jeremy rushed his computer. Jeremy knew that there were many other Rovers covering Mars since it was about to undergo colonization within the next five to ten years. The moon had already been activated as a customs checkpoint between the two planets. Since the voice didn't seem like another Rover, maybe the voice was interference from the moon itself. Jeremy figured that the voice was singing along with the Rover, not even a few seconds behind. The computer signaled that an analysis of the voice had been complete. Jeremy quickly opened the update only to fall back in his chair in confusion. The analysis read the voice matching a Jeremy Bennett. The strange voice was his own, according to the computer. "That's not possible! Computer, you made a mistake." Jeremy contested. "I have never sung to the Rover - ever!" "The match is 99.6% accurate." The computer assured. "How? How is this possible?" Jeremy listened to the audio again after the final analysis. It did seem to be his own voice. He started to question if the Rover had somehow recorded him through his own devices. Perhaps, if it were the case, the Rover was playing a past recording of him singing 'Happy Birthday' from a different occasion. Jeremy's phone alerted with another notification. It was from the Rover. He opened another audio file to hear the Rover spinning around again. Then, the same faint voice came through. Jeremy dropped his phone when he heard his own voice shouting, "That's not possible! Computer, you made a mistake. I have never sung to the Rover - ever!" "What is happening?" Jeremy removed his glasses. "How is the Rover re-playing all of this?" Jeremy picked up his phone when a text message came across the screen reading, "Jeremy, when are you coming to visit me?" --- To read more stories, visit [13thOlympian](https://www.reddit.com/r/13thOlympian/) Edit: Little did I know that today, Mars Curiosity, is 6 years old. Happy birthday little explorer! 