
"It's really nice, you being my imaginary friend," Said Jiggles as we skipped on down the street. Around us, a river of suits jumbled together as they flowed over crosswalks and into grey buildings, their owners weighed down with stuffed briefcases. They didn't notice us as we walked among them, Jiggles standing out in his bright orange fur. But perhaps what made him stand out even more was the wide smile on his face, something that no one else seemed to carry in the frigid morning air. "And you as well!" I answered, leaping into a puddle with my rainbow rainboots, stomping as I pretended to be a tyrannosaurus. And I meant it- with Jiggles, I had seen more of the world than I ever would have on my own. This was the first time we had been to New York City, but there were only a few other items on our list to cross off. My personal favorite had been the Amazon, but Jiggle's favorite had been Italy. He's a foodie, and imaginary friends eat for free! It's just one of the perks of being of this world, but not quite *belonging* to it. "What an amazing place to visit this morning! So many things to pretend- of carving the statue of liberty, of climbing that tall building like King Kong, and did you *see* how many pizza shops there are?" Jiggles said, his tongue hanging slightly from his mouth as he drooled, "I could stay here forever!" "Me too!" I answered, dodging more of the others in suits. But then I frowned, my face temporarily matching theirs, as my whiskers tilted downwards. "Don't do that, Jumbles!" Exclaimed Jiggles, pulling my cheeks upwards, "You *can't* frown! It's definitely, positively, *not* allowed." "It's just that all these others, they *have* been here forever- well, for their entire lives at least. But they don't look so happy, do they? Why not?" "Hmm," he said, pulling a face, "That's a good question. Maybe it's not such a great place to be after all, though I find that hard to imagine. And I *am* an expert in imagining." "But I don't just see it here," I responded, still marveling at the sheer size of the rows of buildings, and at central park in the distance, "Seems like everywhere we go we see something amazing. Something wonderful. And the people are always this way- most don't wear smiles unless they absolutely have to, and even that fades. What's going on? How can they not see how amazing everything is?" "I'll let you in on a secret, Jumbles," he said, wagging his snout, "These people, they aren't like us. They're *real*, you understand?" "No, I don't. Why should that matter?" "Because all the happiness, that comes from the imagination! From what might be, what could be! Almost no one can be happy from what *is*. " He paused, and waved at a woman walking our direction. And though she looked through him, rather than at him, for a moment her shoulders didn't seem so slumped, and her gaze uplifted. "See? All they need is a touch of the imaginary to make everything better." "Then I don't ever want to be real." I muttered, as we continued to walk, our very existence shimmering. And I wondered where we would visit tomorrow. Maybe Niagara Falls, since we were so close. "Of course you don't!" He laughed, and skipped, "Who would?" *** By Leo [Read my ongoing novel on superheros here. Started on writing prompts!](https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/65jl9n/star_child_part_1/) 