
You know, everyone thinks that we ghosts are mindless drones, floating about to scare the crap out of unsuspecting humans minding their own business. That's just bullshit. First of all, humans don't *mind their own business*. They go around "ghost hunting", AKA making a mockery of my people. Listening to babbling old women and their premonitions, pretending a force besides their own hands is controlling a Ouija board spelling out destruction. They love telling tales about fighting us or glorifying our worst sects. It's not my fault that *some* ghosts died fitfully and entered the afterlife in permanent unrest. Everything they think about us is a misconception, and it's frustrating as hell. Second of all, we're not mindless. Well, I mean, we're *physically* mindless of course, but our society has rules just like theirs. We have order, and search for meaning in our existence just the same. Hell, we're the next step for them! I wish they'd show some damned respect, because we're the last stop for the train they're all sleeping on. I'm just a typical Ether, apparator class, trying to go about my life (bad habit, using that word) without too much trouble. I don't need to become an Elder, but I also don't want to fizzle out and fade to nothing. So I do my piece, with just enough enthusiasm to keep me from being obliterated. One visit per Earth month, with multiple contacts and possibly a possession. I'm pretty bad with possessions, though. Something's just too creepy about being inside a human, like I've gone backwards on the evolutionary scale, getting jumbled bits of emotion and physical feeling. We don't recall much about the Prior once moving on... until a possession. Just doesn't settle right with me. My least favorite part would have to be picking a home, however. Once you enter, it's the one you're stuck in for a little while, so you're *screwed* if you pick the wrong one. And trust me, it happens. You truly never know what to expect until you're inside. ---- I approached a house, a fairly large yet somewhat modest one- in my experience, that gives me enough space to do my work and still retreat to a peaceful corner if need be. I need breaks from them, sometimes, especially once they figure out I'm around. Anyway, when I got to the front door and peeked my face through it, there were at least a hundred humans packed inside. Way, *way* more than there should have been, a gathering of the young-but-not-too-young, and they were rabid things. Hollering, whooping, stumbling. It was like a disease had overtaken them in force, and they enjoyed it. Of course, it was too late. I don't know why even I bother peeking when that's considered entering. I partially manifested, leaving me a misty, half-real image of my true self. An ethereal apparition they could see. A few of them turned to me, stumbling around, but the reaction was mostly dulled. Tame, likely the tamest I'd ever encountered. One of them wobbled toward me, her words equally unstable and thick. "Hi, are you one-a Raffie's theater friends?" "I am Broken Knee, chief of a once great tribe. Your home was built over a burial ground sacred to my ancestors." I know, cheesy trope, but I didn't feel like coming up with a new story and the whole burial ground thing works pretty well. "Huh?" "I'm a Native American spirit here to claim my land." Another one approached, laughing, his drink spilling onto the ground. He was a short boy, with black hair slicked back and a bright pink shirt. "Kim, you little sl... Wait, who's this dude? Holy fuck, bruh, no one told me it was a costume party." Kim turned to him. "Hey Dave, I think it's one of Raffie's theater butt-buddies. Says he wants an American Spirit, got any smokes?" "Yeah, sure." He fumbled with a little blue box pulled out of his clothes, tossing a white tube to me. I had no choice but to accept. "Oh, ohhhh..." Kim wavered a bit, holding her midsection. A vile liquid launched out of her mouth, passing right through me and onto the floor. I moved out of the way, though I hadn't the feet to step in it -- I'd felt that exact sickness during several possessions. Disgusting. Everyone further down the hall groaned and whooped. "Fuck, Kim! All over the carpet? What the fuck? It's worth more than your life! My parents are going to *kill* me! God, it smells so bad. I told you not to eat all that Chipotle after taking *six* tequila shots..." -- Dave also clutched his stomach, groaning -- "I gotta... Clean this up, dude, please. Towels in the kitchen." I floated near a pile of orange-red chunks as he clambered away. The little tube in my then solidified hand was an offering; my first, ever, and I got to apparate fully. The bond was forged; he a master and I the familiar, indebted over a crumbling roll stuffed with what looked to be dirt. For once, nobody was panicking and trying to kill me. I shrugged and searched for a towel. Shimmying through crowded hallways, people laughed instead of screamed. They all cheered up as I approached and called out to me, playing with my headdress. It was actually kind of nice. You really *don't* know what to expect until you're inside a home, I guess. ---- **Hey, guys. I wrote a part two, but it's pretty dark and might break a sub rule so I'm not going to post it here.** **[You can find it here if you wish.](https://www.reddit.com/r/resonatingfury/comments/b7qy8x/wp_a_teenage_party_seems_to_be_going_normally_but)** 