
Harry's eyes got lost in the patterns of the twig. It was brown, the size of three forefingers, and full of errant swirls and lines. He reached for it absentmindedly, for his thoughts were hidden behind a thick, wavering fog. To his surprise, it fitted perfectly on the curvature of his palm. It was almost as if it had been made just for him. "Harry," a frail, papery voice said from behind, "did you take your medicine?" Harry turned glacially, keeping the twig in his hands. There stood an old man clad in a white uniform. He had a long, cloud-colored beard, and eyes as gentle as the caress of a feather. "Dum--Dumbledore?" Harry asked, and when his own words reached his ears, winter wrapped his heart, for the fog in his mind cleared, and the memories of Hogwarts, of Ron and Hermione and Hagrid and Voldemort, all flooded his mind in the space of a breath. "Whe--where am I?" The old man's brows wrenched downward, and his eyes strayed to the table in Harry's diminutive room. "Harry, did you take your medicine today? I need you to tell me that. I can help you if you tell me." The fear started to crawl up Harry's spine, and along came the slow realization of everything that was happening. His leg fidgeted, his nails wandered toward his mouth, and, in his chair, he rocked back and forth. All the while, tears pressed against the back of his face as they rose, threatening to slink past the barrier of his eyes, and gush, like cascades, down his cheeks. "I--I--what's happening?" he asked, and shard by shard, memory by memory, his world began to shatter; and these weren't those wonderful memories full of magic, joy, and beautiful landscapes. These memories were different; they were old, dull, blank, and terrifying. He dwelled on them awhile, and in those hazy depths, he found his uncles and his cousin immobile on the ground, and a knife in his hand. Outside the rain poured as though the sky itself were falling, and outside he went, and there the stains tarnishing the knife turned into a crimson creek as they merged with the raindrops. And then, it was all a white wall. His heart ached. The tears escaped. Everything shattered. The old man moved to his table, and there, scattered on the ground he found the shards of a broken flask. He looked beneath the bed, and reached for something. At last, he cleaned Harry's cheeks, and said, "Open your mouth. This will make the tears go away." He did as told, and the old man placed a pill on his tongue. And just like that, all was well again. --------------------------- r/NoahElowyn 