
War is a sword's edge on which the strong fight to stay balanced, dancing on its sharpness without fear of being cut. There are things a man sees that can never be unseen, things done that can never be undone. And those who make it out are carved into something new--even the ones with bodies still whole at the end of it all. Screams draw out into the long night. Screams cut short into a night much longer. Many are never heard. Goro wasn't built for such terrors. Dreams of strength and heroism would not stuff his comrade's guts back into his body, or take him far away, back home, to a loving wife and son. And so, in the suffocation of battle, his arms tired not from fighting but merely the weight of his sword, he hid behind a pile of the dead. His breaths were quick and short, like the lives of those around him--those who fight for their great king, men with strength that will be forever unknown to him. He squeezed his eyes shut, but felt the blood on his face. Smelled the iron and salt and shit that is the air, ears clogged with every kind of scream the battle lets loose. He wondered whether they were coming from friend or foe--or did it even matter? In the end they're all just fodder, dying at the hands of stronger men, crying for help that no one will bring. War is not the heroic grandstand he thought it would be. And so he cowered, dreaming of home, of soft arms and loving laughs suffocating him instead. The metallic cries of swordplay neared him, prying open his eyes wet from blood and tears, an indistinguishable mix of salt in his mouth. Somebody's cry died close, and he crawled away, holding up his sword, begging. His final wail joins the chorus, a guttural whelp meant to be his lover's name but comes out choked. It ends just as quick as it began. Goro died for the second time. It would not be the last. ----- A fire crackled in the corner of a cave dim as a starless night. She stood over him, towering though half his height, leaning against a cane of bone and string. She drew a single breath like a storm's gale, shuddering at its end, then spoke in a voice like creaking wood. "Fight, only to survive and suffer a different end. Brew in your own ineptitude and cower from the reaper, thinking of home, of your wife's pretty face and your son's innocent smile. Wish for them. Long for them. "No peace, no rest; only death and the ceaseless, gut-wrenching desire to be back with those you love." She knelt, a hand withered like winter leaves falling upon his head. "What better fate than that for Goronesh, the greatest warrior of the Ygmir tribe? For the man who killed my daughter? "You panted like a thirsty dog at the thought of what blood this war would offer you. Now suffer its horrors until your flesh turns to dust." Skulls clinked as she strode forth like a robe fluttering in the wind. A young girl posted at the door nodded, tears in her eyes, a bowl of soup in her hands. "May I?" she asked, soft as a lover's dying heartbeat. The witch cupped the girl's cheek. "Yes, my love. I trust you to ensure he lives a long, healthy life." "And you?" she asked, eyes dancing from the fire within. "I have work to do." She stepped out of the cave and into hell itself, filled with the moans of war's children. There was not enough healing magic in the world to save them. Thankfully, there had been enough to gift Goronesh his life. --- */r/resonatingfury* 