
"Mommy, would you be sad if I ran away?" "Of course. Mommy would be so sad, she might cry and cry until there were no more tears left." They sat on the swing, rocking in the fading sunlight, staring out at the death of another good day. "And then what would happen?" "What do you mean?" the mother asked, softly kissing her son's forehead. "When there were no more tears left?" "I don't know." The boy was silent for another second. Then, he turned to look at her, his soft brown eyes matching hers so deeply her heart stopped. It was like looking at herself, only in real life, not in a mirror or a photo. "Would you hate me if I ran away?" "Hate you? Never." "Would you hate me if I tried making your cookies one day when you're at work and burned down the house?" "Maybe I'd be angry for a little bit. But I can't stay mad at you." "Would you hate me if...I painted my room all green without asking you?" "Honey, I could never hate you. No matter what. You're my angel." The boy smiled, and hugged his mother. Hearing those words, it was simply perfect. - They lay together in the hammock. The sun had long since faded, but the sky was still dark orange, like the phoenix's final cry. They had saved for so long to take this trip. They had spent so much on the wedding, and besides, they didn't need to go to the Bahamas or Bali to show they loved each other. Instead, they had worked on it, keeping the picture of this exact spot, on the beach on the Gulf Coast of Florida, the little clearing in the palm trees, on their fridge. And here they were, and it was simply perfect. Staring out at the ocean, they could imagine themselves on any ocean, on any island in the world. But they didn't. "Would you hate me if I said I had to go to the bathroom right now?" she asked. "I was just thinking the same thing." "Well, I do. But I don't want to move," she said. "Me neither. Maybe I'd hate you a little, just for ruining the moment." She laughed, and kissed the top of his forehead softly. "Could you ever hate me?" she asked, her voice barely a whisper. "No. I don't think I could even if I tried." "Even if...I withdrew all the money in our account and vanished?" "I'd hunt for you, for the rest of my days. But not out of hate." "Even if...I sold Polly?" Polly was their new three-legged Lab, probably worried and lonely at the dog sitter's right now. "I'd cry, and then demand answers." "Even if..." she couldn't think of anything else, with the truth blotting everything else out in her mind. "I could never hate you. I'm lost, I'm yours no matter what you do. I'm...bound to you." "You sound like Kanye," she said. "And now I really have to pee." She got up, and turned to go back to the villa. She hadn't been able to do it. Hadn't been able to tell the truth, about the child inside of her... - "That's not funny," the boy said quietly, sitting on the tree stump opposite his master. Satan smiled, in his mother's form, and then turned back to his natural form. "How goes your plan, apprentice?" "I don't know if I can do it. I know when I pledged myself to you, I swore that she was evil, heartless, cruel. But now...I think she's just human. She just made a mistake." "To play with your heart like that? To deceive you, while she laughed at you behind your back, planning her escape with your best friend?" "You don't need to remind me," the boy said, an edge to his voice. Satan smiled, knowing he still had him. The boy looked at the fire burning in front of them, at the images of violence and pain, and felt the heat rise within him, the anger and rage and the joy of a sneer... Then he looked away. "I just don't know if this is right. Sometimes, she smiles at me, the way she used to when I was...not like this, and I wonder if the punishment is too harsh for the crime." "You chose this path, my boy. In the moment you made your deal with me, I had never seen such a fire burn within a human. That fire bound you to your choice. Like it or not, you must fulfill your promise to me." The boy looked at the fire again. "I know." (continued below) 