
"Good evening, and welcome back!" The audience cheered in excitement as the host let a sliver of tooth show. He had a glint in his eye and hair coiffed like a perfect wave. "How is everyone doing tonight?" "*GREAT, JERRY*!" Came the reply. "And ain't that fantastic? Tonight, my guests... we have a very special contestant in tonight. For a very special episode." The crowd hushed in expecation as he continued, strolling casually across the stage. "Some of you might know him by his deeds. Seducing Bloody Mary, stopping Caesar from crossing the Rubicon, mooning Armstrong *on the moon*..." The crowd was in buzzing, murmured excitement. Jerry was a master of his craft. "But, I think most of you will know him by his title:" He left the words in the air theatrically, letting the audience hang on them. "*The Bachelor*!" The crowd roared in excitement. A man jumped from his seat, pulling his hair out. One woman appeared to go *genuinely insane*, dolphin diving down from her seat in a desperate attempt to get up on the stage. Security pulled her out. A lot of people just got up, spinning in energetic, excited circles. A door slid open on the side of the stage, and the man they called "*The Bachelor*" emerged. Fog curled around his ankles, huge sparklers going off above him. The crowd was screaming in excitement. He was of a short stature, with a mischievous gait that betrayed him. His face was pure popularity: gleaming smile, characteristic moustache that would have been cheap on anyone else. Handsome, but not too handsome, the people loved him. He reached his chair on the side, gave Jerry a quick handshake, then sat one leg loped over the other. "Good evening, Mister Bachelor." "Good evening, Jerry." "You know," Jerry looked to the audience as he spoke. "Every time you come on, ratings go through the roof. The people, they just *know* you're good. And so do I." He clapped his hands. "So, Mr. Bachelor. We're going to do away with the usual fanfare in favour of an exhibition of sorts." Behind Jerry, a huge roulette wheel ascended into the ceiling. Around the stage, red velvet curtains descended along with a huge screen. A legion of stage hands rolled in a carpet, roaring firepit, a couple of side tables and some leather armchairs to replace the usual accommodation. The Bachelor looked unsurprised. "Here's hoping on the whiskey." The crowd chortled, then howled when Jerry produced a bottle of Glenlivet 25, making sure to give the camera a wide shot of the label as he smiled. He poured out a couple of fingers, then handed one glass over. The Bachelor took a sip, then nodded his approval. Setting down the glass, he folded his hands in his lap and put on a pensive face. "It seems you've really rolled out the red carpet here, Jerry. I have to thank you for that." He leaned forward in his chair. "But we both know the audience isn't here for that, are you folks?" The crowd responded in an overwhelming negative. "Fab. Just fab. I don't want to keep you all waiting, so Jerry? If you will?" Jerry pressed a button on his remote, and the scoreboard lit up. "Thank you. And without further ado I, *The Bachelor*, present the time crawl extravaganza! Four stories of time travel wonder, each more daring than the last. For the next two hours only, I invite you to turn off your phone, make some popcorn, pour a drink, roll a spliff and sit back as I show you, for the first time, how I change time!" The crowd seemed like it was about to boil over. Jerry flashed a quick smile to The Bachelor, and the screen blinked to life. The crowd hushed. On the screen, there was a direct POV shot. In the corner, for the slower members of the audience, the words "*BACHELOR VISION*" glowed in red. The Bachelor sported black tie, overlooking a stage. He seemed to be in a box. Down below, the actors ran through a dramatic rendition of some play. The camera panned over to reveal a top hat a foot tall. The crowd began to murmur. The man turned a quarter, revealing him as Abraham Lincoln. The audience began to scream. On the screen, the camera turned around. The Bachelor winked at the camera, then put a finger to his lips. *Shh*. Simultaneously, on the stage, Jerry and The Bachelor smiled at each other. For the next few hours, the world was theirs. ----- Part two later? More stories over at /r/Robin_Redbreast 