
Due to an unfortunate roll of the dice, I was born a dragon. But I was not like a regular, everyday dragon. I still had the wings and the claws and the propensity to shit blue fire out my maw when I got pissed off, or drunk, or even both. Because I was unlike the other dragons, I had the smarts. I always kept to myself, while the other angry scaled bastards were just murder machines. And it was important that I stayed that way, or they might have found out that I was different to them. But of course, as is the fate of all dragons, eventually the humans came for me. Even though I did not care for those malformed bags of bones, they came for me nonetheless. It didn't matter that I - well, I guess I couldn't call myself a friendly dragon - but I was by no means a malicious one. But the very fact that I was a dragon was more than enough reason for them to kill me. But as I fought them - clumsy as I were - one of them noticed that I was listening in. When they barked commands at each other, I would prepare for each and every one in accordance, my plan was to eventually escape from them. But before long, one of them noticed me. Chad, his name was. A paladin, head of the group, and quite frankly, the scariest one too. He was dressed in an ornate white armor that glowed even in the darkness of the cave in which we fought. And with a single wave of his hands and a single booming yell, both he and his comrades ceased their reckless assault upon me. And he asked a single question that I can still remember to this day. "You can understand us, can't you?" Of course, try as I might, I could never speak their tongue, probably due to the fact that I was a dragon. And so the guttural growls which escaped my fanged maw probably did little to ease the tension in that time. Despite that, he seemed to understand me. Well, that's hardly the point of my story. You see, eventually, we came to know each other - difficult as it were. Our communication was limited to gestures, and the crude script which I could etch upon the earth. But after some time, he proposed a plan, something which he considered a surefire way to secure wealth for the two of us. Even though I had no need for wealth in the same way that humans did, I could not deny I found some delight in the shiniest of trinkets that he had procured in our time, and so I listened to his plan, and soon, we set it in motion. The plan was simple; in theory. Kidnap someone important, and hopefully, someone will pay to have me killed and the important person rescued. Of course, the person paid to rescue the important figure would be Chad, and he wouldn't actually kill me, because then the plan wouldn't be able to repeat. We started small, but not too small or nobody would care to have the person rescued. I kidnapped countless sons, daughters, husbands and wives, usually with the help of Chad. Of course, not every victim would even be rescued, for some thought it more convenient to have them rot. It seemed cruel, but I was not one to complain. Soon, we worked our way up to the big leagues, and we traveled around the world, kidnapping princesses in our wake. In time, both of us became absurdly wealthy, and my horde of gold and gemstones grew so large that moving the entire stash each time no longer became feasible. But there was one incident, in which a princess we kidnapped came to learn the truth of our plan. I know not what gave it away, or why, but she seemed to have that same uncanny intuition that Chad had on that day we met. She demanded that we split our wealth with her, that she also take part in our schemes. But such a thing did not seem feasible in the least. And so, like the rejects that were deemed not worth saving, I bestowed upon that princess the very same fate which they all shared. Because due to an unfortunate roll of the dice, I was born a dragon. And dragons get hungry. * * * /r/khaarus 