
[TW: Suicide] "It's really a question of mindset," Death said, shrugging. "If someone's wronged you and you've forgiven them, there ain't much point getting revenge." You stare at the six hundred and fifty people in the hall. You haven't counted, but you can guess. The spectre sighs. You can't make anything about them out- you stare intently, identifying straight blonde hair, but when you look back to the crowd, you're suddenly struck- was it brown? It might've been short. Death is a lot of things to a lot of people, you suppose, so it's only natural they'd be flexible. "But it does go the other way, of course. The people you identify as doing you wrong are the ones you encounter. Not always correctly. Usually, Admin takes care of false claims, but this was a weird case. I decided to let it play out." They're staring at you. They all know each other, or know of each other. They've connected the dots, but they can't work out where you fit in. Some are murmuring to their neighbours, others to themselves. And why should you fit in? You're just a teenager from Wales. A teenager who lost an older brother. You remember when he told you. He was stressed, he didn't sleep right, he didn't eat right, but you finally convinced him to get help. He got himself on the list for a psychologist. A two year list. He was going through Uni, but even just the times you could see him at home, you could tell he was in a bad way. He looked for help through the uni- they didn't have the budget to get him the help he needed. He tried going private for a shorter wait- it was still six months, and the money he'd need for it meant he'd need to take on more hours at his job. He was already paying for living costs and studying, where was he supposed to fit more hours in? You kind of knew when he came back for Christmas of his last year that this would be the last time you'd see from him. Sure enough, they said he'd been found with an empty bottle of pills by his flatmate. It was bizarre, consoling her at the funeral. I was four years younger than her, and I was coaxing her into thinking of the good times, the bits where he was lively and fun. There weren't many. I doorstepped my Assembly Member after it happened. She could tell I was distraught, and as I tried to choke out my questions through tears, she asked if I wanted a cup of tea. Eventually, crying in her kitchen, I demanded to know why the waiting lists were so long, why there were no spaces even in private, why the university didn't help him. "Look at our budget, kid. Cuts all over the board. Each one of them is probably another life like your brother's that could've been saved. We don't have the money, we aren't *given* the money. Neither are the universities. Private healthcare is overwhelmed because detection and prevention isn't funded." She sighed. "Austerity's killing people. It'll take a while for Westminster to care, though." "You think they caused it. And in a way, I suppose they did." Death leans against a wall. "So. What next? You have your brother's killers, if you want to call them that, here together. What do you do now?" You have no idea. Death grins. "Surely they deserve punishment. But that won't bring him back. They didn't cause it, but they made it worse. But who's to say if he'd have done it if they hadn't made it worse or not?" "Shut up," you rasp. "Oh, not now that you're so close. If I wasn't saying it, it'd just be in your head. Isn't it better for it to be in the air?" "No, really, shut up." "Because you don't know. And what's more, you *can't* know." They shrug again. "What's their crime, here?" "It doesn't matter if they killed him or not. They made it worse." Death leans in. "And the punishment?" You stare at them. They've gone from confused to antsy to frightened. Something is happening, and they're not sure what or why. Something they can't see has put them in a position where they're terrified, they don't know what to do, they can't do anything. "I think they understand," you say. "No punishment?" Death asks. "No punishment. Just the story. What happened to my brother." Death gives a sharp nod. "Knew there was something worth seeing here. Glad I didn't stop it." 