
"Guys I'm not even kidding I swear!" Barked Booster. "The people, under all the skin and weird smells and no hair. They have... They have Bones!" The saliva pooling in his jowl. "But we can't hurt our people Booster, you know that. Who else would feed us, cuddle us, and protect us when the sky starts barking?" Daisy whined back. "Oh god of course not, but I just thought i should tell you guys, I dunno... kinda seems like something important." Daisy glared at him. Booster lowered his head, tail between his legs."Why do I feel like a bad boy now, what did I do?" "You aren't a bad boy Boost, that's just useless information with coyote levels of savagery implied." Spoke up Henry, who had remained on his large pillow. "I understand your desire for bones, but we cannot take them from our people." "BUT!" Boomed Monster. A Great Dane. "Holy catshit! Monster, dude, quiet, I know how you can't control volume but you almost made me piss myself." Booster returned. Monster lowering his head down to the level of his counterparts. " My people's, they, they had an old people. Tha old one came overs every sometimes. The old people's gave me a real good petten but didn like when I slobered on em. But still gabe me some snacks lotsa time." A string of drool leaking from his face. "Thanks bud. Good story" Booster bemused. "Is that relevent to anything or did ya get confused again?" "Oh oh I forgots. Ma people's took me to this place, there were lotsa people's around and all of em were dressed funny and cryin. And ma peoples were cryin and my little people was hugn me n cryin. And there was this box. I couldn see in the box but it smelled like tha old people. And something else... But they put tha box in tha ground!" Monster trailed off, head keeping track with a leaf blowing down the road. "HEY, Monster! You said there was a point!" Booster snapped. Daisy and Henry amused by the interaction and Monsters blank stare. "OH OH, the box. They put it in tha ground. Like I does with ma bones!" Monster suddenly appearing very pleased dropped his weight on the ground with an audible thump. The dogs all looked at eachother and wondered for a second. Except for Monster, he was already napping. "Bones. In the ground. Who knew they did that too!" Henry said breaking the silence. "I'll go get my boys red wagon!" Exclaimed Booster, darting off back home. *6 hours later* ***And today on weird local news it appears that 4 dogs have been spotted leaving the the Nottingham cemetery with what can only be assumed to be a red wagon full of bones, the dog breeds are as listed, Great Dane, Bull Terrier, a Golden Retriever, and an American Bulldog, if anyone has any information on the wagon, or the dogs, call the weird news hotline at 978 897 9987.*** Billy looked from the T.V. to his Bull Terrier Booster, who was enthusiastically gnawing on a bone. 