
I dread Thursdays. That's usually the day I have to leave Gramma Yaga and stay the next three nights over at Dad's. It doesn't help that they only have dial-up speed Internet and Windows XP computers down in Hell. I have begged Dad before to get the Uriel Unlimited Plan along with a DivineBox console, but he says, *quote quote* we need to punish our internet-stealing neighbors. He does have quite a few neighbors. As usual, Dad's sixteen wheeled Ferrari rolls up to the curb, and he honks. His red face breaks out into a grin, and he grunts in a rough chuckle. "Son, get in the car!" I turn and kiss Gramma Yaga good-bye. She sticks her head out of the window and yells something in Demonspeak. Something obscene, I bet. Dad gives her the bird, and I internally groan. Every Thursday they have to get in a fight. I shuffle down the ladder, fist-bump one of the house's chicken legs, and glide to the car. I get in the passenger car, and Dad burns rubber to get away from Gramma, who is still yelling. We do a few wheelies and break record speeds into a red world. I breathe in some of the fresh Hell air, the only thing that I appreciated down here. "So, how's school going?" Dad asks, his third mouth chuckling. "Well, Drake and his so called friends still make fun of me and my friends," I say. "And our team beat the Great Eyeballs yesterday! You should have seen the look on Thullu's face!" Dad growls. "Maybe I should pay a visit to Drake. He seems annoying." "Dad, he's a vampire," I whine. "Anyway, didn't you hear? We won our basketball game! And Thullu was using his dark magic something, too!" Dad relaxes, and revves the engine. Sometimes he has the most unnatural responses to things. "*That* is good to hear. As long as you're happy, son." I reach over and turn up the radio. Rick Astley blurts out, "Never gonna give you up!" "When's he going to be released from his punishment?" I ask Dad. Dad smirks. "Well he's in Tartarus for releasing this horrifying song. I reckon it'll be a couple millenia before he's even *considered* for parole. Besides, President Trump and Lord Morningstar have better things to worry about." I zone out, because I'm not a big fan of Hellion politics. A few minutes later, we turn into our little humble culdesac, a cozy corner made up of fiery houses. The front door of Dad's house bursts into splinters and a giant spiked hedgehog bursts out. "C'unth'dp!" I cry out and run out of the car to embrace Dad's domestic animal. I assume he's just come back from his three year vacation back in Pompeii. "You probably have *SOOO* much to tell me!" I exclaim. Maybe this Thursday will be better than usual. 