
It was in a night where the stars had forgotten they could shine, that I wandered the streets seeking for shifting lights. And no, I don't mean the teetering blaze of the tender hearths falling out the windows. No, nothing of the sort. It was the fires of the poor and mad that I sought, makeshift, weak, always etching faces full of dirt and stories. And this I did for a reason, and that reason was no other than to pay a debt I had with my own heart. Through many alleys I went, and in many alleys I stayed, hearing the life stories of the poor, fixing their fires, and giving them one of the many rolled blankets I carried with me. It was a sad time, and it was a great time, for the price of witnessing joy in the lips of those who seldom smile, imbued me with a wonderful, almost ineffable sensation full of warmth. But when the night deepened, and the wind's murmurs turned into hisses, a peculiar voice resounded in the midst of a shadowy corner. I stopped then, and looked to see if someone was there; and indeed, cloaked in darkness, shivering madly, was an old man whose wits had left him long ago. I stood next to him, and from up close the white of his eyes glimmered like two beacons in the black. "Can you see?" I asked, and he rocked back and forth, speaking half-formed words. "Would you like to see?" The old man snapped his head at me, but there he remained, with his arms wrapped aroud his knees, moving back and forth, back and forth, back and forth. I leaned closer, touched his forehead with my left hand. He shouted, and swung his arm at me, but his movements halted midmotion when the cleansing sensations cascaded down his body. The white of his eyes, like smoke, left and faded into the sky above. His eyes drew to mine. That heart-wrenching look of isolation and madness had left him, replaced by a gaze full of fear. His mouth moved up and down, as if he were seeking for words, and at last, after a long struggle, he said, "What have you done?" "I have healed you," I said, and rested a hand on his shoulder. "Isn't that what you wanted?" He looked around, shivering even more than before, then he met my eyes again. "No. I--I don't want this. I don't want to feel the cold, I don't want to feel the itch of the dirt in my nails. I want to be gone. I want to be gone again. What have you done?" My brows knitted, and my insides became a knot of doubts. "You want to be blind and mad again?" "Yes," he said sharply. "It was a blessing for me. This--this is a curse. It's too cold, it's too uncomfortable, and the memories--the memories are too painful. I can't bear remembering. I was never a good man. I was never a good man. I was never a good man!" The tears gushed down his eyes. "Please--please do something." I drew a deep breath, took off the glove on my right hand, and touched him again. "One is for me to steal, the other is for me to give," I murmured, and when the white returned to his eyes and his gaze wandered to the skies and his arms wrapped around his knees and he rocked back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, it was only then, that I rose and left. Perhaps it was time to return home. ----------------------------- r/NoahElowyn 