
I have to take my hands off my ears, I instinctually covered them when the yelling started. I can feel my heart pounding in my chest. I'm scared. I can feel the adrenaline surging through my body, willing my legs to get up and run, but by now the bus has started slowly accelerating towards the next stop. Sweat starts beading on my forehead and begins to run down my back. The cacophony of other children yelling has faded to background noise and I am distinctly aware of blood pounding in my ears. I begin looking for the source of the disembodied voice. I skim tentatively up and down the aisles but no one is looking at me. Surely the person would want to make themselves known. Their tone indicated anger but also had an edge of playfulness. I frantically searched the seats hoping for understanding eye contact. I now begin to panic because this person can read minds. He knows how I feel about Ms. James, he knows how I passed that math test. Then something begins to dawn on me. Like a blurry image coming into focus the word "he" is emblazoned on my mind. And not just any he, an adult. Realization washes over me with an icy chill. I look all the way up over the seats towards the front of the bus. I can see the driver looking at me in the rear view mirror. His icy blue eyes could have burned a hole through me. The voice manifests itself again in my mind, loud and clear, "That's right. I can read minds. I have to drive the screaming lot of you around and if that weren't enough I have to hear the thoughts of 60 kids going through puberty. It's disgusting. For having an elementary knowledge of sex you lot sure can think up some filthy things. I wish I could wash my mind with soap. And if all that wasn't bad enough, every damn morning above it all I hear you screaming loud enough to give me a stroke. I mean honestly who does that?!". I can feel my jaw slack and hanging. It's a lot to process. I can see a wide smile in the rear view. The voice pics up again, "You're fine kid. Just knock of the yelling okay? And by the way, I agree with you about Ms. James. I'd take her class any day." 