
I've never really considered myself an envious person. I'm well aware that most people are better looking and they have straighter teeth and are more fit and smarter. I'd consider myself just about average as far as people go, at least if you disregard the best half of people from that equation. The years hadn't quite been kind to me, as my belly never failed to attest through those shirts that now fit a little too tight or how my thinning hair reminded me every time I showered and shedded strands threatened to clog the drain. That's just how things were though. Self improvement seemed a little too work intensive, plus who did I have to impress? I already had nobody. Anyways, I had been reading a lot about running recently. It's the thought that counts, right? I was definitely thinking about training for a marathon, or maybe a half marathon or a 5K if my goals were too lofty. Honestly, I would have settled for a walk around the block. I would train for that eventually. So I was thinking about it as I sat on my living room couch, surrounded by a tasteful collection of beer cans and pizza boxes, browsing some blog about couch to 5K when a flash of movement caught my eye. It was Alan, that wretchedly perfect fellow that lived just down the street. He was always out running. "I wish I could have his stamina," I murmured to the piece of three day old pizza crust I was munching on. And then Alan just dropped. Not like a beat drops where it's epic and super intense right after. He just dropped dead. Dead as a doorknob, if you want it in a generic simile that somehow conveys how dead he was. I called 911, anonymously reported that there was a dead guy on the street and then I finished the rest of the leftover pizza as I watched the paramedics fail to resucitate him. That's why I don't run, I guess. Last thing I would want is to drop dead of a heart attack somewhere other than my own home. The next morning I woke up feeling more refreshed than I had in years and feeling a motivation to go running that I had never felt before. This was it, I guess. I disregarded the little warning bells in my head telling me that this was how Alan died, and if Alan died then I was certainly next, and out the door I went. I was halfway to work, all of three miles away, when I realized how ridiculous all those people training months for marathons were. All you needed was pizza and beer, clearly. But that still resulted in that wretched belly. I slowed to a walk as I passed a gym and I admired a big hulking dude walking in the door, his arms bulging underneath his shirt. "I wish I could have his body," I marveled to myself. Suddenly he was gone, other than his head that kind of pivoted around helplessly looking for his body. People screamed. I looked down at myself and grinned. There were those awesome arms. There was that awesome 6 pack. I was jacked, and I think I was starting to catch on to how things worked. I wished for a nicer looking face and looked away as it tore off a nearby gentleman, the degloved head standing there in shock. I wished for nicer teeth and felt a little bad as a beautiful young lady suddenly sounded like my grandmother after she takes her dentures out. It was devastating, I'm sure. Not for me though, and that was fine. They were faring better than Alan, after all. I wished for a cooler voice and some dude chatting on the phone went mute, his mouth still opening and closing like a stupid fish. Once I was complete, or at least slightly more put together than I had ever been before, I swore to myself that that was it. I wouldn't use this newfound power anymore. I had left a path of destruction behind me, leaving people faceless or bodiless or hairless. Better job, more friends, all that little stuff that left some other chump lonely and homeless. I met a girl and she fell in love with this new and improved me and I made sure to get rid of all the pictures of how I used to be. I was living a lie, but I told myself it was for the best. Best for me, at least. It was a couple years later and the spark was dead and I just got to feeling like each day was the same ordeal with her. She smiled and sang and talked about the house we would buy and the children we would have and as much as I tried I just couldn't muster the same enthusiasm. I looked into her eyes indifferently, willing myself to feel some passion or some emotion towards her but I just couldn't, even though her eyes glowed with love. "I wish I could love like you do," I said carelessly, not quite registering what I had said until it was out of my mouth. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 