
It had been one of those days for Luke. The type of day he seemed to have way too often, where he wanted the world to just open up and swallow him whole. Or at least his bed to. They'd meant to be his friends -- they said they were and sometimes they even acted like it. But had they invited him on their road-trip vacation? Had they even told him about it until the very day they were leaving? "Sorry Lukey. But we can't get more than five inside the Civic. You understand." They hadn't explained why Luke, the sixth friend apparently, hadn't made the cut -- and he hadn't asked. Didn't want to know, really. One more bullet and his self-esteem would be dead forever. Might already be. He got back to his dorm, his room-mate thankfully home for break, and crawled into his bed. He debated pulling the cover over his head and pretending he was in a very soft grave, or else getting his laptop out from beneath the bed and wasting the evening on reddit. The screen shone a soft blue light on his face, the day not yet dark but the blinds closed early. Today was done, as far as Luke was concerned. The sun could swivel, along with his so called friends. Fuck them. It was the loneliness, and the regret, he thought, that made him click open an empty notepad. A habit he'd developed not long after Mom had passed. In his juvenile mind he'd been talking to an FBI agent who spied on him through his computer. He'd confess stupid shit about his dad and his sister, sometimes sad stuff about how he was missing Mom. Sometimes, he'd make a game of it and confess to stuff that couldn't be true, impossible stuff, and he'd imagine the FBI agent's mouth dropping. He'd sit back and laugh. His professors here would tell him it was all a form of catharsis, no doubt. A type of "crying out the pain" but with words. Back then, it had felt like a game as much as anything else. He hadn't done this in a while. But he needed someone to talk to right now. Someone who would just listen. Even if that someone didn't exist anywhere except his younger-self's mind. He began to type. About his friends. Lack of friends, now. That he shouldn't have done it. That he still missed Mom. Then, with a self-chastising sigh and a muttered "idiot", he closed the note without saving. It was an hour later, while browsing reddit, that a new document popped up. That text, letter by letter, began to type itself. "Luke. You were right about the FBI. I was assigned to you and have been watching for years. I know you're a good kid. But they don't. And... listen, I did all I could. They saw one of your confessions -- if there's even a hundredth of one percent of a truth to it... About what you did to them. They won't take that risk. Luke, they're coming for you. And if they find you, there's nothing I can do." Luke stared pale at the screen. Why had he said it!? His fingers, trembling, typed a slow reply. "This is a joke, right?" "Run, Luke. Right fucking now. Or they'll do worse than kill you." --- /r/nickofstatic 