
"Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me!" The lady persisted. I had tried to ignore her. That worked about half the time. "Yes?" "One of your employees was very rude to me. He should be fired." She was red in the face and pointed an Shakey finger towards a young woman. The employee had a massive bun hairdo and blue eyeshadow, she was aloof to the event, tapping away at her smartphone. I sighed and put a finger between my brow, "Listen ma'a-" "No you listen. Your going to go out of business if you treat your customers this way." She put her hands on her hips and tilted her head forward. "Like I was trying to say-" "Oh excuses is it? Give me your corporate number. They're going to have a fit when they hear about this." She crossed her arms and scowled. "I don't work here!" I shouted, the busy retail store froze and went silent. They all turned to see the commotion. Both of us glew red. She lowered her head and dashed for the door, forgetting her anger with the unbearable embarrassment. I scratched the back of my neck and forced a laugh that wouldn't fool a child. "Is everything alright sir?" A tall employee asked. "Um that lady had a problem with one of your employees. And she mis-" "I'm very sorry about that sir, I would've been more astute about there behavior today if I knew corporate was sending you." The tall man's eyes where downcast, his head slightly bowed. "I don't actually-" "You're right, I am ashamed of their behavior, you being here shouldn't change anything." "That's true but-" "I'll be sure to have a sitdown with them immediately, which one was it?" The man asked. I took a deep breath, this same situation has happened what feels like a million times already. "I. Don't. Work. Here!" Yelling always broke the spell. Unfortunately it drew everyone else's attention as well. I blushed but tried to hide my embarrassment. I needed to be assertive, else they never listen. The man's jaw dropped and he was at a loss for words. Most people were that way. They don't know how to react to me once the veil is lifted. I grabbed the batteries I was looking for and headed to check out, leaving the frozen manager behind. The older woman looked at me from behind thick round glasses and squinted, then smiled in recognition. "What's your employee ID sir?" I slapped my hand to my face so hard it left a red mark. "I forgot." I just couldn't bring myself to yell at this sweet lady. "That's ok. I'll use Jim's, some one like you probably has a lot on their mind to forget your numbers." She tapped on the keyboard in a memorized pattern. "Ain't that the truth." I sighed, I looked at the register for the price. "Is this right? That's not even a quarter of the regular price. She smiled sweetly and winked. "It's a great deal sir." I nodded feverishly, money was tight, my power made it impossible to work under anyone. This discount meant I could splurge on dinner tonight. I smiled at the thought of a full belly and almost drooled. "Thank you so much, keep up the great work!" I said, she smiled and I felt warm. Not enough of these employees get the recognition they deserve. "Have a wonderful afternoon sir." "Oh I will." Thinking of the options for dinner. I strode out the door grinning from ear to ear. There was a young man in a black hoodie by an old white van staring at me with a thoughtful glare. I lowered my head not wanting to get involved with this shady looking character. "What kinda shit you just pull?" He asked. He stepped into my path, not content to be ignored. "You heard me. I know you ain't deaf. What was all that." "N-nothing, I don't know what you mean." "Bull shit, everyone in there thinks you the boss or some shit. How the hell you do that?" He asked. "Listen, I don't know. But it always happens. I'm sorry I got to go." I tried to step around, but he stayed in my path. "Listen, names Regi. I'm something of a entrepreneur. I think you and me could make a lot of money together." I paused and met his eyes. "What do you mean?" He opened up the side door of the van on the opposite side of the store. The car was filled with expensive gadgets and gismos, it was a small fortune. "This the easiest job I ever done. And it's thanks to you. Together we could live like Kings, you get what I'm throwing down? There was a deep lump in my throat, I knew this was bad news. But I've been so desperate for money. There had to be at least ten grand in that van. "All right. What do you have in mind?" 