
"Thank you for coming in, Michael." Inspector Karo smiled genially and extended a hand. Michael took it and shook firmly. "Of course, inspector. I'm sorry it took so long set up a meeting." Inspector Karo motioned towards a chair and Michael sat. "Not a problem Michael, I understand you're quite busy. What is it you do again?" Michael crossed his right leg over his left. He spoke with practiced ease. "I'm a lawyer actually." Karo raised his eyebrows and placed his cuffs on the table. "Well, that should conclude our meeting I suppose." Then he let out an easy laugh. Michael laughed too, but he felt sweat begin to bead on the nape of his neck. The cuffs went back down to Karo's side. "I won't keep you long Michael. The analysis only take a few minutes." Karo gestured toward a table near the left wall, on which were several plates of delicious looking baked goods and a carafe of coffee. "Snack?" Michaek raised up a palm gently. "No, thank you, I'm alright." Karo shrugged and turned on a large device on the table. To Michael it appeared to be a simple black box. But he could not see what he assumed was a screen facing Investigator Karo. The box filled Michael with fear which he allowed to show. Karo noticed. "No need to be nervous Michael, it really won't take long." Michael knew better than to hide his concerns. To do so was a dissimulation, and to dissimulate was to lie, and to lie was to be interned. Michael cleared his throat. "I know, I just hate tests." Karo nodded. "Many do. Let's get it over with then. Ready?" Michael smiled again. "Yes." Karo's voice took on a slightly different tone as he began the questioning. "What's your name?" "Michael Stephens" "When were you born?" "August 8th, 2016" "How old are you?" "28" "Have you ever told a lie?" Of course he had. Countless times. Lies of every sort and character. Lies about his feelings, his opinions, his dreams, his thoughts. How did they all live *without* lying. How could they function hewing so tightly to the truth? It wasn't human. None of them were human anymore. "No." The questions continued like this for ten more minutes. They covered an ecclectic range of topics, from sexual preferences to drug use. Aside from the one lie, Michael was completely honest. At last the interview ended and Michael was left wondering whether he was discovered. Inspector Karo turned off the machien and smiled again. His voice returned to normal. "Well done Michael. The results will be analyzed, but I am fairly certain you will pass. Of course." Michael's smile was earnest. "Thank you Inspector. Anything else?" Karo stood up and Michael did the same. They shook hands. "Not a thing. Have a great day Michael, let me show you out." Michael gathered his jacket into a ball and stood to follow the inspector toward the door. Beside it was the table with the pile of pastries. Michael's good mood had whetted his appetite. Karo noticed. "Please, do help yourself." Then with a more personal tone, "my wife makes them. She fancies herself the budding baker. Please, try an eclair." Michael reached over and took one. "I think I will. Thank you inspector." Michael took a large bite and chewed. It was far tougher than it looked, the cream was runny and Michael thought the baker might have replaced a sweet ingredient with salt. Inspector Karo watched expectantly. "Well, what do you think? Has she done it again? Eclairs are her specialty." Michael smiled through the saltiness and answered good naturedly, withour thinking. "Oh, it's very good." The two men stood in silence for a long moment as the finality of Michael's error washed over him. His hands went weak and the half an eclair fell to the floor. Inspector Karo shut the door and wore a sad look, like a man disappointed in a child. Karo reached again for the cuffs at his side. Michael waited, pale faced. Karo spun Michael around and began cuffing him. As the steel clicked into place, he said. "She never was much of a baker, my wife." ******* ## For More # r/LFTM 