
Grorric Blackfury was known by many names; The Dwarf of Wall Street, The Warthog, The Sealer (coincidentally, that last one is also the title of a very powerful wizard known for sealing away uniquely dangerous demons, which caused a great deal of confusion when people found out Grorric was not, in fact, a 2.5 meter tall woman with a Gem of Power around her neck). But he hated all these names, preferring to go by Grorric. This only made the elves he worked with hate him more. The humility stunk to high hell. What made Grorric dangerous wasn't his subtlety, as was the case with the elves. It wasn't his ambition, he didn't particularly like finance at all. And it certainly wasn't his intelligence, his beard frequently got caught in his toaster. No, what made Grorric dangerous is that he saw through elven bullshit with near clairvoyant ability. What the other elves at his firm might see as a truly genuine promise from a rival firm, Grorric would see for what it is; 'Elven Fuckery,' as he usually called it. As mentioned, subtlety was not Grorric's strong suit, so him identifying this fuckery was invariably followed by the whole meter of him jumping on the table and crying bullshit. If he wasn't the most effective trader on the market, this behavior almost certainly would have gotten him fired. In his time on the markets, Grorric had gone head to head with some of the biggest hedge funds and traders out there. The Spectre of Stocks, the only Drow in a leadership position on Wall Street, didn't stand a chance. The Chief, a High Elf from a small village somewhere in Cobblewood, retired 3 weeks after Grorric turned his hedge fund belly up. And the High Priest of Prices herself, Sarya Sarwarin of Winterhelm, ended up joining Grorric's firm. But beyond being able to see through elven lies and deceit, Grorric's greatest strength was that he knew better than to buy into his own hype. After all, he didn't particularly care for finance, so all the names meant very little to him. He also barely even knew what he was doing, most of the words he heard meant nothing to him. He knew a few simple rules: 1. Call out bullshit, fuck these elves 2. Buy low, sell high 3. Prices more or less go up depending on how a company performs 4. You could manipulate those prices by buying a lot of one stock at once He generally used that last rule to screw over hedge funds. Most hedges knew he could screw them if he wanted, but they had no idea how. And today, the biggest hedge fund of them all wanted to talk to him. And he had plans to fuck over the richest of the rich elves. So you can imagine his surprise when a human walked into the conference room, flanked by elves, just as he was (most of whom Grorric had screwed in the past). "Hello," the human opened. "My name's Tim, you must be Grorric." After a moment, Grorric snapped out of his shock. "Aye, last time I checked. I'm not used to seeing humans in this business." Tim laughed. "Yeah, I'm kinda new. Turns out an industry generally reserved for elves doesn't know how to handle a human, gives me a leg up." He looked into Grorric's eyes and the sweetest smile crawled across his lips. "As a dwarf in finance, I'm sure you get it." Grorric sat, frozen to his seat for a moment, then stood up (which actually made him much shorter than when he had been on his chair). "'Scuse us for a second, lads, we'll be right back." Grorric grabbed Sarya's wrist and dragged her from the room. "I cannae do this," he said as soon as they were somewhere private. "What?" she almost yelled, and Grorric urged her to be quiet. "Why?" "I'm useful with elves," he explained. "I can see through yer fuckery, that's a *human*. I haven't ever even talked to a human, I can't get a read on the fucker to save my life." Srya's face dropped. "Think that's why they brought him?" Grorric shrugged. "Maybe, I sure as shit don't know. All I know is sitting across that table are representatives of some of the richest rich fucks on the continent. And I just so happened to have screwed over pretty much everyone at that table at some point or another, except Tim, because I have no clue what he's thinking." "So what do we do?" "Find out what stocks they're hedging on and see if we can't short them," Grorric replied. "See what we can find out. But it means we'll all have to try equally, every member of the team." Sarya was silent for a moment. "So we're fucked?" Grorric nodded. "Oh yah." When they walked back into the conference room, every face across the table had the biggest smile on their faces, except Tim, who just looked confused. "Oh, good, you're back," he said. "Shall we begin then?" 