
I sat on their desk as I waited for them to wake up, contemplating how I would go about this one. These scumbags had hired me to take out who they said was a possible threat to their business. Looking into it, their target was a woman who had worked here as the front desk greeter. She had no idea what went on in the higher places, I interrogated her on the topic, and the only reason she left was because she thought one of the higher ups was perving on her. Turns out, that was the case, and here I am. Her former bosses also neglected to mention that she was a single mom, they probably weren't even aware though. Once I'd figured that out I'd sat down and got to know her, nice girl, single mother just trying to do what's best for her little boy. I'd made a note to have a 'charitable but anonymous' donation be made using some of the payment these guys had already given me. First though, handling them. "What the...Why are my hands tied down?" One of them said as they started to wake up, wiggling their arms to try to loosen their restraints. When I first got into this business, I'd learned the wonders of strong elastic, sure they could be pulled at a bit, but they also didn't break or come untied and, so far, they'd proven 100&#37; effective. "You...We hired you to kill the woman, why are we tied up!" He said, his partner was waking up and going through the same series of realizations. "Right, killing the girl. I almost did, and then I started to figure some things out. For example, the two of you are just a couple of old pervs that got pissed when your eye candy quit for a better job. Then I started digging into things and found I wasn't the first person you'd hire to eliminate past employees, I will commend you for your attempt to cover your tracks. What you didn't plan for is some as thorough and effective as me. See, what you two didn't notice when you hired me, is that I have one rule. If I find out that the target doesn't deserve to die, the target changes." I said to them, standing up and circling the desk to my bag. "You can't do this to us! Do you know who we are?" The second man shouted, thankfully I'd brought them here on a weekend when the building was basically empty. It'd been easy enough to bribe the weekend cleaner to not check this floor today. The drugs I'd sedated them with would have them confused as to when it was. "Oh I am well aware of you two. Several claims of harassment, sexual and otherwise, swept quietly under the rug by each other. Shareholders strategically chosen and coddled to ensure the two of you can run this place uncontested. Long history of hiring contract killers to handle unliked former employees. The two of you are scum, and I really don't like scum." I said, pulling out a pair of syringes. "What are you going to do to us?" The first to wake said, starting to realize that neither of them were going to get out of here alive. "People will know you did this!" I smirked, that line was one of my favorites. "The drugs in these syringes are easily mistaken for a recreational variant." I continued to go through my bag, pulling out a bag of cocaine. "The authorities will arrive and see two old men who OD'd on a wild adventurous escapade." I pulled out a vial of heroin and some spoons. Another use for the elastic bands, made the OD cover even more effective. "Once you two are dead, I already have an actress lined up to call in as your hired 'special friend' to claim that while she was out, the two of you went limp, she's actually waiting in the hall." I picked up the first syringe and flicked it. "She told me she didn't want to watch, that it would add to the effect." I approached the first man who was shaking wildly. "Just remember, the two of you brought this upon yourself." The needle went in smooth and the injection was delivered, removing the needle I placed it carefully on the desk near the heroin. I grabbed the second syringe and repeated the process with the now dead man's partner. The nice thing about this compound, it worked fast. Death may take a few minutes but their ability to care and react goes quick. Pulling a knife from my pocket, I cut the bands in precise places, retying one from each around the men's upper arms and throwing the other on the table. "It's done." I called out, the actress I hired came in and sat behind the desk. "Feel free to use any of it to help sell the story." I pulled out a bottle of pills that had gotten hidden in my desk, opening it and pouring some out on the desk. "Use their phone to make the call, they won't need it anymore." I said, pulling the wallets from both men's pockets and handing her all the cash that could be found. "Think of that as a bonus, your payment from me will arrive in a few days." The actress nodded, popping a few of the pills and waiting for them to kick in as I left, my job here was done. I pulled out my phone and wired a sizable sum from the accounts of my former employers to their original target. That part is always my favorite. (edit:fixed a typo) 