
I'm in a tight spot. Mages are strange creatures you see. We draw power from living things, and to do so, we must interact with them in some way. It also can't be something used by any other mage. I thought I had hit the jackpot upon coming up with the idea of generating power off of the interaction of being asked stupid questions. After alll, if there is one thing the world has no shortage of, it's stupidity, and a wealth of idiots to carry it around. For a long time, I was I right, and the power flowed in. I hit the peak of strength when I started working as a "Sales Associate" for Radioshack. Combining technology and a "You have Questions, We have Answers" advertising campaign (I would kiss the marketing person who came up with that if I could), there was an endless banquet of mindbogglingly stupid questions. Then the high days ended with RadioShack going out of business. I hadn't worried at first, and though I was sad to see the old place go, that was the way of the world. I moved on to being an "Apple Expert," but as time went on, I realized something was changing. People had fewer stupid questions. Instead, many came in already knowing what they wanted. Even if what they wanted was stupid, stupid demands and expectations did not qualify as "Questions." In a few cases, some people even came in with deep knowledge and well thought out questions! It was improbable. I started looking into it. That's when I found out where all my power was going. People were asking Google. A server somewhere was wasting a near unlimited amount of magical energy which I could be hoarding! What a freaking waste . . . or was it? My intuition told me something was off. I started digging. Then I found him. He looked different, but physical appearance didn't have a ton of meaning for high end mages. And he had based his power off of "unrealistic expectations." It hadn't been a bad choice, but for a long time people's expectations hadn't been anything much - you don't get a ton of mileage when a horse is high-tech. But now, looking at everything he claimed to be doing, while feeding the masses just enough to keep them believing, his plan became clear. I should have seen it with the rapid rise of technology, but I hadn't seen him in ages, and I didn't make the connection. To be truthful, I got lazy and didn't notice the clear attack on my power base that was the release of search engines. He had positioned the board perfectly. He had grown his own power while cutting down my own. Now all I can do is gather my tattered resources and seek him out. I cannot wait, for if he gets any stronger, it won't even be a fight. I leave this letter for you should I fail. Seek out the other Old Mages and tell them what is happening. Tell them the name of our enemy, less they be ruled by one of peerless power. Tell them of Jeff Bezos. 