
Jax was always fucking up. His latest fuck-up continued into another dimension, where he stood on top of a giant purple mushroom, still going full throttle on the trigger of his M60 as time and space warped around him, spent bullets disappearing into the void. "Ceasefire!" The Captain called, but he was barely heard over the clack clack of the huge machine gun. The rest of the platoon was sensibly crouched under another of the mushrooms, all of them still adjusting to the sudden reality shift. The giant mushrooms were everywhere, a medley of densely packed purples and reds and oranges for as far as the eye could see. Huge things that oozed some sort of congealed liquid from their base. Reyez lifted a boot in disgust. The liquid clung to it, long strings of it still connected to the ground. "Gross," he said, shooting an imploring look at the rest of his squad mates. Jax's machine gun sputtered out, the metal scalding hot and smoking. He stood ramrod straight on the mushroom, reveling in the smell of burning metal, except this time it was infused with a coagulation of alien scents. "I think I got 'em, Captain," Jax shouted, his ears still ringing. "The idiot probably thinks he is whispering," the Captain muttered, before shuffling forward, still in a crouch. "Come down here. You're totally exposed." As if on queue a head popped around a mushroom stalk three meters away. "Hello," the man said, sounding out the word slowly. Jax dropped off the mushroom with lightning speed, pulling out his combat knife as he did so. "Fucking Vietcong!" he screamed, launching himself forward. The Captain extended a leg. Jax tripped over it and fell straight into a pool of mushroom ooze. "Don't mind him," the Captain said, holding out a hand. "He doesn't quite realize how much of a cluster fuck of a situation we've found ourselves in." The Vietnamese man nodded, his expression agreeable. He stepped out from behind the stalk, followed by four of his comrades. They were small men, wiry and tough. Reyes walked over to stand beside the Captain, his boots making a squishing noise on the moss-like surface. "We're not in Vietnam anymore," he said. "Christ, we're not even on the fucking planet!" One of the Vietcong pointed upward, gesturing behind the group of Americans towards a hill that loomed over them, casting them all in shadow. "Good call," the Captain said, pulling up a still sputtering Jax by the back of his belt. "Let's get on with it." From their high vantage point they saw that the mushroom forest stretched for miles, the purple, red and orange caps gradually turning into bright blues and pinks and yellows. The entire world was a kaleidoscope of color. The sun itself appeared to be a rainbow, each of its rays a different shade that spanned across the entire visual spectrum. "Over there," Reyes said, his finger tracing over a wide tie-dye stream to an open clearing about three miles away. "That looks like some sort of castle." 