
I smiled when I heard the announcement. I was right. I slowly started to make myself comfortable again as the drug wore off. I couldn't think of the name of it, too many syllables. But I do know it's effects. It temporarily stops your heart and breathing leaving you unconscious for only 12 hours before you wake up. Read that it was like some way to die and be reborn again. The coffin above me was closed tight leaving me alone in the darkness of the thick air as people outside were mumbling to each other as they had their party. I've been talking to only my closest friends about my theory. Like, my life has been like some sort of Truman show bullshit. Even I thought I was crazy but when I saw the camera in my mailbox, then my bathroom. I knew it was true. I tried to keep as still as possible to wait out the party before I make my exit. I made sure to keep my breathing in check, to keep it as slow as possible. I remember reading that a person can only survive 5 hours in a coffin before passing out and dying. I had to conserve my oxygen. Who knows how long this party could last. At least I think it's a party. I shifted myself a little to the side of the coffin and pressed my ear against the wooden wall. I could definitely hear a couple of murmurs outside. What was going on out there? I quickly adjusted myself making sure to not shake anything and sat still. It was already getting hard to breathe. It didn't sound like a party. More like a business meeting. A bead of sweat rolled down my forehead. I now regret talking about my crackpot theory to my friends. They were in on this. Luckily, I was smart enough to not tell them about my plan to kill myself. It took me weeks to fake a heart attack. I was eating food non-stop making it look like I was stressed out so when they started to question about my health I knew it was time. I took the poison and died. My coffin shook. Fear made me instinctively close my eyes and hold my breath. I heard a loud click come from the coffin and then more shaking. I heard my brother, father and closest friends all groan around the coffin. Then immediately I shot up into air as if I was being carried. I opened my eyes into the darkness and frantically looked around trying to make sense of what was going on. Were they carrying my coffin somewhere? I clenched my teeth as I realized that I didn't plan this out completely fearing what lies ahead but too scared to name it. "Jeez Carl, you really did gain a lot of weight in past couple of weeks." Despite the voice being deeply muffled I understood every word. It was my friend Dean talking to me as if I was alive. The coffin started to sway from side to side as they walked me out of main room of the funeral home. A knock came from the side of the wall "Hello? Carl! Stop acting, you used to always come back with some insult after something like that." Did they know I was alive? Did the camera see me take the drug? I thought I covered it with a box. Maybe there were two in my kitchen. I decided to keep quiet. Waiting for Dean to speak again. The swaying of the coffin continued on in its rhythmic pattern. Another knock. "Carl answer me while we still have time to talk." It was official now. They knew I was alive. I quickly responded, "How do you know I'm alive?" I waited about a second for a response as if they were deciding whether to tell me or not. "We saw you grab the poison Carl, cameras are everywhere you know that. You told me personally where half of the cameras in your house were." I shook my head in disbelief. This couldn't be happening "Where are you taking me?" this time there was no silence. Dean immediately responded with "Cremation" The swaying of the coffin slowed down as I was slowly lowered onto something. I shook my head and screamed "What! No! No! No!" I started to pound my fist on the roof of the coffin door trying to break it open, but it was no use. "I'm sorry Carl, but we can't let you get out of that coffin now. You know too much" They had locked the coffin. "Get me out of here you Fuckers!" I screamed at the top of my lungs as I heard flames roaring to life. I started to move closer towards it, my feet being the first to feel the extreme heat. I pounded my fist on the coffin even harder screaming at the top of my lungs as the flames engulfed the coffin drowning out all the noise in the room. The pain was intense as the coffin started to fill up with light from the fire getting inside. I could see the dim outline of a small message etched into the roof of the coffin. It said, "Smile you're on camera!" 