
Dying wasn't anything like I thought it would be. I always expected it to be painful, and long - the whole light at the end of the tunnel thing. Or like sleeping. Awake one moment, asleep the next, with no real moment of transition between the two. Instead it was more of a nothingness. Not light, not dark, not warm nor cold - just nothingness. When I awoke, I was myself - but I wasn't. My body felt wrong. Like a marionette with the strings in a knot. I was in control... but any harsh movement would send it all tumbling. Figuring out how to move seemed to take most of my attention, for when I looked up there was a man standing above me. He was wizened and wrinkled. His skin the pallor of death, but with patches of black rot blotched about. He wore a strange red cloak with the hood drawn back, and as he moved it swayed like a curtain. His short grey hair had been combed over and sat upon his scalp more like a hat than hair. He was staring at me, waiting for me to acknowledge him, his eyes a milky white that had once been blue. When I locked eyes with him he spoke, his voice strong compared to his withered body, "You're dead, but you're not safe, none of us are. Take this, be careful which spirits you trust, and never speak to anybody if you can't see their eyes." In his hand he held a glittering silver dagger. As it lay on his palm I could see the ornate detail carved into both the blade and hilt. Strange runes that I couldn't understand. I blinked, looking up at him, then down at my hands. Moving still felt wrong, and when I tried to open my mouth, it felt as if my jaw was wired shut. "Like I said, you're dead. It'll take a bit to get used to." He flipped the dagger around, holding it outstretched for me to grab. I reached for it, my arms moving stiffly and my fingers failing on the first attempt to close. "Only spoke to you since ya look like kin of mine. Remember, you're not safe here." He turned, the strange red cape whirling behind him, and he strode off. For the first time I looked around myself. It was foggy, and as I searched for the sun, I found no trace of it. No point in the grey sky was brighter than any other. Frowning, I looked down. I was in a field, filled with brittle grasses, dried as if they had been scorched. I couldn't see much farther than my own legs, which were stretched in front of me where I had tried to stand and landed on my rear end. Then fog. In every direction I looked. The field could go on forever for all I knew. I looked back down at the dagger in my hand. I had expected to the metal to feel cold, but it wasn't. If felt as if I were just holding nothing. A heavy nothing, but there was no texture, not temperature, nothing. I gripped it tightly, and used my other hand to try once again to stand. It worked this time, but I still didn't know where I was, or what was going on. He had said I was dead. I *knew* I was dead. I remembered dying. But that didn't explain anything about where I was, or what he had been talking about. Danger? What could possibly harm the dead? And hadn't he said something about eyes? I started walking, and for an immeasurable time it felt like I wasn't moving. The same grass surrounded me, the same fog lingered as far as I could see. It was only when another cloaked figure approached did things feel any different. Their hood was drawn, and they walked in another direction, where our paths would cross only briefly. I tried to talk again, but control of my mouth was still beyond my control. So I waved. The figure turned towards me, and I could see the shape of its face. It was a skull. Empty of all skin, bone and teeth both a same sickly yellow. And there were no eyes. --- r/LandOfMisfits for more by me r/redditserials for more by me and others 