
"What the hell just happened, Mira?" Mira was curled into a ball, tears running down her cheeks in the middle of the channeling Sphere. It allowed a mage to extend their Mental Range to effectively the entire universe. Mira had screamed and I had rushed inside, to find her like this. "Mira!" I yelled, trying to pry her body open from her curled position. She had gone into mental shock. Damn. I closed my eyes and reached out my own mental probe towards her. This was dangerous as hell because, this was probably what had caused Mira's shock. Being mentally linked allowed us to talk faster than the speed of light, distance became irrelevant once the link itself was made, but we opened ourselves to mental lashes, intentional or not. So I hesitantly approached Mira's mind. Her defenses were wide open, completely shattered, but I proceeded with hesitation - and was immediately catapulted into the memory. Mira had been linked to the expedition team leader sent to explore the outer reaches of the middle-class spiral type galaxy, when it had happened. Unlike lesser races, our crews could travel in the vacuum of space, no need for crude devices such as ships. But something had gone wrong in their search. A couple of metal....things had come out of seemingly nowhere. That should have been impossible by itself, we could detect matter heading towards us , a technique we had adopted from one of the lesser races, something called radar. But regardless, there was a glow...and a voice. "We will not let you reach Earth." Because I was immersed in the Memory I felt the heat pressing against my shield as the obelisks exploded, the pressure. Shit. No wonder Mira was in coma. I immediately ejected myself from the Memory. They'd died. The entire crew...from those *things.* No wonder Mira was practically catatonic. To be Linked with a mage who died...it was enough to break someone. I had only been able to eject in time because I knew something bad was going to happen. Mira wouldn't have stood a chance. "Sir!" Another Mage burst into the Channeling Sphere. "We heard a scream, sir," the he said, breathing hard. I shook my head to clear it, "Mira needs a soother, please get her there as fast as possible," I said. "Sir, you don't look so good eith-" "NOW!" I screamed at the idiot. He gulped and obliged. With a snap of his fingers both he and Mira were gone, presumably teleported to the Soother. I wasn't about to use a Mental link after what had just happened, and so I teleported to the Council. They were sitting at a round table, arguing about the newest petty thing, when I teleported directly on top of the table. There was screaming at first and a few of them even began to attack reflexively, before being stopped by their neighbors. "What is the meaning of this?" "How dare!" "Do you know who we are?" "Have some Kos-damn respect." "Silence!" Came a voice from the head of the table. Everyone including me turned to look. It was Keira of course. The youngest member on the council, younger even than me, and widely considered the most powerful Mage to have ever been born, hence are rapid ascent to the Council. "Mr. Obrek, has decided to grace us with us presence, rather than shame him, we should welcome the fact that we are important enough to finally warrant his attention." I rolled my eyes. I didn't bother going to Council meeting because they were completely pointless, dealing with things like seeding economy or entropy reversal and things like that. I had more important things to do, new worlds to conquer, mages to recruit. "I do apologize for this disruption, honored council," I said through gritted teeth, and someone gave a short bark of laughter behind me, "but I'm afraid I bring grave news-" "Ah, has another one of your invasions failed, Mr. Obrek? Or perhaps you did not meet your quota for Mana Reaping this Cycle?" Keira said, drawing laughter from the council. For an insane second I debated attacking her right there and then, but I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. Now was not the time. One day Keira would be at my feet, begging for mercy but not today, today I had news that could kill... Ah. The plan just popped into my head, just like that. Mira and the soldier would be at the Soother for quite some time, her injuries were extensive, if not irreparable. Only I knew about what had happened in the Sol System. Something that for the first time in eons had killed a mage. Just so happened I needed one dead. "Well, not bad per se," I amended with a forced smile, "but the new expedition has discovered something *quite* remarkable. I wanted Keira, the head of the council, to come see." *** As requested, [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/comments/6fh53o/scifi_a_trap_spaces_mages_part_2/) If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) for more of my work 