
"I'm going to hide in the shadows and prepare for a sneak attack," said Mark. "Alright," said the GM. "I need you to make a luck roll." Mark picked up three D6, shook them in his hand, blew three times for luck, then gently rolled them across the table where they bounced around for several seconds before stopping with a six and two twos face up. "Ten," said the GM, before turning to his notes and his campaign book. "Mark, I've got your luck score as 10, correct?" "Yeah," said Mark, nervously, "is that good?" "It's not good, but it's not bad, either," said the GM. "The doorman and a taxi driver do see you in the shadows, but neither of them is concerned enough to do anything. Okay, John and the succubus are approaching. Make a perception check now, please." "Perception? What for?" asked Mark. "I already see her! Shouldn't I be making an agility roll for the sneak attack?" "Roll for perception, please, Mark," sighed the GM. "I don't know why I'm rolling for perception," said Mark. "That bitch is right there in front of me." "Just roll, please," said John. "Come on. You're my only hope now." Mark grumbled some more but picked up three more D6, shook them, blew, rolled them across the table, then groaned when they came up two fives and a six. "Your perception is only 8, isn't it, Mark?" said the GM, already knowing the answer. "Yeah yeah," said Mark, "so now what? Does the succubus see me?" "Now you can roll for the sneak attack," said the GM. "But he failed the perception roll," said John, puzzled. "What does that mean?" "Just roll for the sneak attack now, please, Mark," said the GM. "You've got five rounds loaded into your revolver. How many will you fire?" "How many *can* I fire?!" asked Mark, angrily. "You can fire all five rounds if you'd like," said the GM. "Then I'm doing it!" shouted Mark. "For John, and the rest of the party!" "Okay," said the GM. "For the sneak attack, I want you to roll five D10, one for each round you're firing." Mark grabbed up the five, oddly-shaped dice, and shook them inside his hands. "Come on, Mark, you can do it," pleaded John. Mark blew on the dice then almost threw them across the table. "A one, two 5s, a 9, and a 10," read out the GM, as the dice stopped moving. "Your first round misses and flies over John's head..." "Wait?! What?! My head?!" cried John. "What the fuck?!" "What do you mean 'John's head'?" cried Mark. "I'm aiming at the fucking succubus that's *controlling* John!" "No," sighed the GM sadly, "you failed your perception check, you only *thought* you were attacking the succubus. So, your first shot missed, two of your shots hit John in the shoulder," he gestured to the two 5's, "and your last two shots strike John in the back. John, can you make a Fortitude roll, please?" "No! Fuck this!" screamed Mark, standing up and throwing his chair backwards. John, resigned to his fate, picked up three dice, shook them, then tossed them on the table without looking. The GM read out the result then reviewed his campaign notes. "A three, and two fours. Good roll, John. In spite of being shot four times you find the strength to climb the steps to the front door of the hotel before collapsing." He rolled two D10s himself then referred back to his notes again. "Unfortunately your wounds are very serious, and you will succumb to them before help can arrive. So George, Paul, and Ringo, you'll have to continue without John." George playfully nudged Paul. "And here I was thinking it'd be you that would die first." 