
The room shifted before my eyes. Where the doctor had stood, was now empty. The bed I had been lying in alone, was now occupied by an irritated gentleman and myself. The floor was different too - tiled instead of linoleum - although it took a few hallucinations to notice. 'Get off me!' I sprang from the bed and apologised. It felt, and looked, so *real*. The man was old, with a blanket pulled close to his chest. His eyes were misty but moved fervently between the door and me. 'How'd you do that?' The old man asked, his voice sounding like he had swallowed a bucket of sand. 'You're not real,' I repeated like a mantra. 'I bloody well am! Now one minute I'm laying in my hospital bed waiting for the sweet kiss of death, and the next you're-' The old man broke into a fit of coughing. '-excuse me. Where was I?' 'Something about the kiss of death.' 'Right,' The old man said and used the blanket to wipe the spit from his mouth. 'You appeared, right here on top of me.' 'This will be over any second,' I said, clenching my eyes shut and wishing it would end. 'People don't just appear you know,' The old man continued. His lips fell apart in an *ah-hah* moment. 'Have you come to take me?' I looked at him blankly. 'Are you death?' Before I could shake my head, the room shifted again. The bed was empty, the floor was back to linoleum, and there was somebody stood next to me. 'Welcome back,' Doctor Vaughn said. I blinked in confusion and said. 'I hallucinated again.' 'What did you see this time?' 'An old man,' I said pointing to the bed. 'He was lying underneath me and said that I appeared out of nowhere. He thought I was death.' 'And this was the first time you've met someone else in your "hallucinations"?' I nodded. 'You said that you appeared out of nowhere.' I nodded. Doctor Vaughn placed a hand on my shoulder and guided me to the empty bed. I sat like a disoriented puppet. 'I need to be frank with you,' Doctor Vaughn said. 'These "hallucinations" are something else. Something there's not even a name for yet.' 'I don't understand.' 'You mentioned that you popped into existence for the old man. Well, you popped out of existence for me.' 'So you didn't see me jump out of bed?' I asked. 'No.' 'But you can see me now?' 'Obviously.' 'So I just *appeared* next to you?' 'I experience pretty much what the old man experienced.' I buried my head in my hands and rooted through my hair. I started tugging at strands, feeling a grounding pain. 'This makes no sense.' 'In no way, shape, or form,' Doctor Vaughn said. 'I don't even know where to begin... how... why?' 'This is only the second time I've witnessed you disappear, but you always come back. So that's a good thing. Where you go, that's a mystery. I'm out of my element here, and I don't think there's a doctor in the world who could diagnose your conditions - well, perhaps upon hearing the symptoms they may lean towards mental disorder.' 'But that would mean you're mental too?' 'Precisely,' Doctor Vaughn said. 'And I like to think of myself as a stable person. I do have an idea though. It may be stupid and fruitless, but if you wore a tracker then I could monitor-' Before the doctor could finish, the world swam. I heard his voice like a pinprick at the end of a hallway. My vision cleared and I was no longer in the hospital room. --- /r/WrittenThought I went fairly abstract with this, and hopefully, some of you followed along! I dislike spelling things out for the reader, but I do wonder how much of it makes sense. Any feedback or thoughts would greatly help me improve as a writer. Thanks for reading. 