
*Humans are not spiders. When they weave a web of lies, they have no eight nimble legs to maneuver across it.* Maneuver. Eight beautiful letters... if only Darryl's English teacher could see him now. Well, maybe that would be a poor idea. "Sorry, Darry. You'll have to leave the shirt off for a bit longer. We're going to need to do another x-ray." The doctor leaned backwards, shook his head, then swivelled around to tap at his computer. Tiny characters appeared on the DOS-like screen. Darryl leaned forward, trying to read, but the doctor pushed him back. The man was maybe five foot eleven, and somewhat bookish, but still had more force in one hand than Darryl probably had in his entire body. This might have been a consequence of spending over half of the last several months playing video games. "I really am starting to feel better," he said, finally. "I think... whatever it was, is starting to go away." "No, Darryl." The doctor shook his head. He turned around to face the teenager, meeting him in the eyes. "I'm beginning to get worried, Darryl. Beginning to get very, very worried." "...why is that?" "We'll see after the x-ray. Pray to God, Darryl, pray that it finds something. Come, now." A few minutes passed, and then Darryl was lying down, gulping as the machine passed over him. Maybe he'd get lucky, and he'd have cancer. An hour passed, Darryl waiting alone in a room. He'd brought a book, but it had been confiscated after the x-ray. Apparently the doctor thought it wouldn't do to let him have it, given the "mounting odds of *that* disease". "Darryl." Darryl's head snapped up, and he stared at the three people walking into the room. His doctor, and two other men, much burlier. "I have bad news for you, Darryl." "W-what's that?" "You have a very rare, unique, disease." While talking, the doctor slowly sat down, the men taking positions standing beside him. "The x-ray found something?" "No, Darryl." The man shook his head. "It found nothing. Neither did any of the other tests, for that matter. Your body appears to be in perfect condition." "Exactly, I think I must be getting-" "No, Darryl. You don't just have a recurring sickness... let me see, four days a week, with no warning or outward symptoms, for *months*, and then get better. This is something more insidious." "...insidious?" Darryl eyed the two men, each having taken up a considerably more intimidating pose. "Yes, Darryl. You are one of the few cases of Bueller's disease known to man." "Bueller's disease." "I'm very sorry, Darryl." The doctor shook his head. "It's a perfect match. I'm so very sorry." "Uh, I've never heard of it before." Darryl blinked. "Sounds exotic, though. Maybe not very likely that I have it?" "No, Darryl. This is a disease purely diagnosed based on these exact symptoms. Only sick on school days. No outward symptoms. Starting slow, picking up pace until it consumes you. We're lucky we got it this fast." "Look, I, uh, I don't think it's still picking up pace, I think-" "It's going to be okay, Darryl." The two men step forward. "It's a psychological disorder, Darryl. You'll be well taken care of." 