
Once, I had travelled with my schoolmates to the Royal Albert Hall in London. It struck me then as cavernous, almost as if the architect had taken a traditional gladiator's arena, slapped a dome over it, then filled it with a winding domino-string of seats in concentric circles. Four storeys of seats, all tilted slightly to face the stage, easily four, five thousand people sitting enraptured by the musical landscapes evoked by the symphony. This theatre I was now in, was easily five, six times that size. I couldn't be sure, actually, because there were no edges which I could perceive without my vision starting to swim. "Welcome, welcome!" boomed a voice from the stage. The spotlights swivelled to where I was standing, bathing me in golden luminance. "A warm welcome for Gerry Hanley, please! As you all have seen, he lived a long and fruitful life, yielding in the end only to old age! A peaceful end, if you will!" I didn't know how to react to the entire audience suddenly rising to their feet, clapping as one for me. I was a schoolteacher in my life. I was used to combative classrooms, and certainly not once had my students ever thought to shower such appreciation for me. I waved weakly in response. "And now for the results... Gerry Hanley will be going to... Team Blue!" The groans from half the theatre were drowned out only by the rapturous cheers from the rest. Confetti spilled from the rafters, and I found myself being led down from the stage and along the aisles. Along the way, other apparent team members stretched out their hands, and I high-fived as many as I could. I collapsed into my seat, and finally the spotlights deserted me. I soaked in the relative darkness for a while, glad the attention was off me. Perhaps I could now gain some measure of my bearings. A single chime rung out through the theatre, deep and sonorous. Some people got up to leave, while others stayed in their seats, chatting with their neighbours. The giant screen on the stage lit up with the words: "Intermission - Five Minutes". "You want to grab a drink or something? Next one's a bit heavy, a soldier in the Russian army, it seems. Might be good to stretch your legs first." The speaker was the lady on my right. She wore her dark hair in a tidy bob, and was clad in a sensible evening gown. Habit prodded me to introduce myself and to ask for her name, and we shook hands. "What are we going to watch?" I asked. "The life of one Petyr Ivanov," Beth said. "The same way we just watched your life unfold, from the very first breath to the last." She laughed at my reaction, then said, "Oh don't be a prude. There was nothing in your life that we hadn't seen countless times before." "And when... this Petyr has lived out his life, will he come here too? The way I did?" "Yes," Beth said. "The same for me, and for everyone else here too. We've all been here a long, long time." My eyes drifted to the pamphlet I had found in my seat. At the top, I saw Petyr's name, but it was the subsequent part of the title which intrigued me. "It says 'Reincarnation 23,274,899' here... are we all the same person, just in different lifetimes?" I asked. "So are there other theatres out there, for different people?" "Not quite," Beth said. "I mean, you're right that everyone here is technically the same soul who took turns living on earth, but there are no other theatres. This is it." "That doesn't make sense," I said. "What's so special about us that only we get reincarnated? I mean, there are so many other peo-" "Oh, oh, you misunderstand!" Beth laughed. "There's only one soul. One human soul. It's just been split, or copied, I don't know the term, but it's the same soul in every living person on earth." "... Just different physical vessels then?" I said, turning the possibilities over in my mind. "Different circumstances of birth, different living conditions... but everyone has the exact same soul?" "Yes," Beth said. "You catch on quick." I was quiet for a while. The seconds ticked off the timer on the screen, and the lights began to dim. People streamed back in, holding little bags of what I assumed to be snacks. "What's this Team Blue thing they assigned me to?" I asked. "Everyone makes choices, see. No one here has ever seen the rules themselves. But we've watched enough to, if you will, kind of guess which Team someone will end up in, based on what they did on earth. You're one of the 'good' ones. Morals are hard to pin down, every society's got their own interpretations, so it always keeps us on our toes." "I suppose those people are in Team Red then?" I said, pointing to the other half of the theatre. Beth nodded. "So what's the point of it all then? What happens when we finally finish watching the lives of everyone on earth? What happens when one Team outnumbers the other?" Beth smiled. Hidden projectors whirred to life, and the screen flickered with images of a baby boy, being handed over from a midwife to his mother. The audience clapped, and sporadic shouts of "Go Team Blue!" and "Do Team Red proud" emanated from various pockets of the crowd. "I suppose then there will be a final reckoning," Beth said. --- /r/rarelyfunny 