
The first thing to go was my ability to drive. Accident on the second day, bleary eyed panic attack in the middle of the road, screaming voices as for once in my miserable life, more than decades passed without a hint of chaos, someone turned when they weren't supposed to. Car smashed in, glass shattered, gas in the air. Hands shaking, I couldn't remember the year when the officers showed up. Slight concussion. The house that awaited me was full of strangers I distantly remembered, their shadowy features as they talked about something from a few days before but the food in my mouth was nothing but ash. Mechanical chewing, the flavor was unnatural, something I'd never gotten; poor food, but earnestly made with love. How did I forget that? The court declared that I'd had a nervous breakdown, but my eyes were locked on their lips, moving regularly, with a cadence I couldn't forget. Their search of my belongings turned up formulas and equations with variables that made no sense, and slowly, slowly, slowly, quivering muscles and with a face like a broken god, the judge declared, with a quiet voice, that perhaps I should go to therapy in addition to my remedial driving classes. The first thing to go was my ability to drive, but the second thing to go was the sanctity of my mind. Fingers flew together and tapped across skin, nicked with marks, days. I didn't remember how many days had passed. The therapist saw me staring insensate in his room, and carefully, calmly walked across the room. "Where would you like to start?" Gibbering madness; the circumstance had never came up; the repetition had formed a rock hard equation of what was supposed to happen; a perfect day with all variables solved, and never again would it happen, but reality had grown distant on that rocky shoal surrounded by the vapid seas of time, and I could not look behind the steady face of the man to see the repetitions and equations that governed him, the great clockwork edifice embedded under his skin. The steady tick of his heartbeat, the predetermined variables written in the fabric of his skull, they were no longer bared to me. Distant memories of memorizing people, days spent staring at everything and nothing in particular, books filled with information, then closed, then filled back again. But now I was here, and out from that strange queer place, and time was flowing again, but I could not remember the year. "It started..." I stammered. "A week ago." But his eyes did not light up with understanding, and I had forgotten what it was like to not be wholly optimal, what it was like to interface with people I did not know, not really, the purity of the unknown mixed in with the terror of manipulation. No gods, no, no more, only baseline humanity. But his eyes drifted over to mine, and he reached forward, tossing me the bear in the corner of the room. "Take your time. What you say won't leave this room." So I did. ---- https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ For more like this click here. 