
The Faltoxian doctor pecked away at the instruments while the others watched the holographic rendering maneuver to allow a clear view of the Glarnak. The Faltoxian would have been described as birdlike by a human, though the species had left flight behind millennia ago. Their lengthy feathered arms, small stature, and beak face resembled nothing so much as a distended hawk, and the beak maintained a strong multifunctional role among the Faltoxians. "It's a Glarnak, obviously. The DNA sequencing makes that clear, but the extent to which they've developed is unprecedented. A Glarnak outbreak in any concentration could destroy any number of fauna in the galaxy, yet these humans embrace it." The predatory eyes of the faltoxian narrowed and he pecked at the holoscreen, "Human biology refers to it as the cardiovascular system, and no sentient race in the galaxy has ever been so penetrated by the parasite." The Faltoxians chest expanded like a balloon as it drew in additional air, "Somehow the Glarnak have achieved a form of symbiotic relationship with the humans. It's liquid pulmonary system has merged with the traditional mammalian air based pulmonary system to create a high density oxygen storage environment. It allows the humans to achieve sustained bursts of physical activity that any of the sapient species known would be hard pressed to match." The Aneuvian representative reversed the direction of its mastication with a grinding sound that brought the assembled doctors attention to him. An Aneuvian jaw did not stop moving for the entire life cycle of the species, an odd quirk developed to counteract its uniquely inneficient digestive systems absorption of plant matter. Speaking around the motion was an understandably difficult and slow process that no Aneuvian enjoyed. Thus their words were sparing, and as such all the more significant, "It comes at some trade off no? The Glarnak appear to have penetrated the majority of the planet's biosphere." The Faltroxian nodded to his assistant, an Eltusinian whose excess limbs had been carefully tied to its thorax, "We estimate that 93% of the fauna mass on earth is infected by Glarnak, with 100% penetration among species large enough to house them. Among the Earth's whales the largest Glarnak ever observed can be readily found, it's remarkable." The Faltoxian cut back across his assistant, "The Glarnak have obviously been on planet for nearly as long as life has been, they're too deeply interwoven for any other explanation. The planet's entire atmosphere is poisoned by excess oxygen to allow the Glarnak enough fuel to thrive in such numbers." The Faltoxian preened, "fascinating biology, but terrifying. The Glarnak allow these fauna to burn as hot and as bright as an oxygen flame, but the Glarnak's very poison rots them from the inside out. Few species on the planet survive more than a ten of ten years." "So what do you recommend?" This from the Aneuvian, two sentences in fewer than a tenth of a tenth day? Would the wonders never cease, mused the Faltoxian. "Quarantine," the doctor pecked at the holoscreen, "The humans have achieved all requirements for first contact. Their radio signals make it clear they're hunting for us. It's a harsh sentence to leave a sapient race to stand alone against the void, but the biological risk is too great. To defend itself, the galaxy must leave these humans to fend for themselves alone." 