
"Really, after all these years, you finally are willing to listen?" Helena scoffs. Her finger is just centimetres away from ending me. "Yes," I groan. My ribs hurt like mad. I have no idea how I am supposed to get of this mess I have gotten myself into, but I know I need to try. Helena chuckles. Hero of the people, that is what she calls herself. How she sees herself. But I know better. She walks up to me and tilts my chin upwards. For the first time in our entire history, I see her grin. "I suppose it won't hurt," she says, "seeing that you're tied up in your current state." She pulls up a chair and sits a few steps from me. "You never listened anyway, so maybe this is my only chance." I breathe a sigh of relief. She took the bait. While my hands explore the lock that she placed them in, I need to keep her distracted. "So, tell me, hero of the people, what do you have to say for yourself?" Helena is no hero of the people, no matter what she believes. The amount of innocent lives that she took would put even Hitler to shame. She was a terrorist, simple as that. One who is committed to sow chaos and discord. I am the one who have always thwarted her plans, stopping her from achieving her goals. People call me Protector for a reason. "Have you ever heard of Syria, Mr Protector?" I nod my head. "It's where you were born, isn't it?" Interpol has briefed me before on Helena's history. They thought it would help me in my quest to stop her. It did nothing more than wasted a few hours of my life. Never once have those information, obscure as they were, helped me. I never had the time, anyway. All my time were devoted to dealing with Helena's evil plans. "Correct. But I am sure you know what happened to the country right?" I stay silent. Syria no longer exists. The place is nothing more than a wasteland now. Helena's gaze pierces mine. There is so much anger and hate burning in her eyes. "You are a war refugee," I say. One of my fingers manages to slip pass the restraint and I am able to activate my distress signal. My team will know that I am in trouble and send help. I just need to keep Helena busy. Helena chuckles again. "I see that your masters have taught you well. But have they ever told you about what happened after that?" From the Interpol files, she was shown to have journeyed to Europe, like so many of her countrymen. From there on, details have been scarce. Interpol had no idea what happened during those few years, but when she re-emerged, her name was tied to a suspected bombing in France. Twenty people died. And people have never stopped dying since then. "You became a monster," I whisper, which provoke a laugh from Helena. "A monster?" She shouts. "Is that what your masters told you? That I am a monster? I'll show you what's a monster!" Another sharp pain pierces through my ribs. I scream in pain as a few more of my bones break. I make the extra effort to spit my blood at Helena. "Just kill me already," I taunt her. Even if I die, Helena will not be able to escape like how she always does. I have already done my role in locating her. Jonas and the rest will be able to take her in, finally. Helena shakes her head. She looks at my arm, where a symbol of a shield was tattooed on it. "I will tell you what happened to me," she says as she lifts her sleeves, revealing an identical tattoo to mine. "No, it couldn't be," I say out loud. Helena seems to read my mind. "Yes, Mr Protector. I have the same symbol as you. Maybe the same story as you. Let me guess, you're special, they need you to protect the world and you are destined for a higher calling?" The sudden realisation hits me harder than Helena's earlier punches. Those were the exact words used when I was recruited. I believed every single one of them. "You're lying!" I scream. Helena is just toying with me, I tell myself. She is after all, the leader of the most dangerous organisation on the planet. Of course mind games would be up her alley. "My friends will be here soon and you will have nowhere to escape!" I continue. I will not let her get to me. I am the only one chosen to be the Protector, not her. She must have gotten the info about me, somehow. Helena smiles at me. "I know that they are coming. My aim here today is just you. Just think about it, will you? Until we meet again." A loud crash shakes the room and the entire area plunges into darkness. "Helena?" My voice echoes in the room. She is gone. -------------------- Edit: I finished Part 2! [You can read it here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Dori_Tales/comments/9aczdb/helena_part_2/) [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/Dori_Tales/comments/9ae1pw/helena_part_3/) 