
'There's a wing at the Clearview hospital named after me.' Alice took a sip of wine, leaving a smudge of lipstick on the rim. 'That is very impressive.' *Doesn't she want to know why?* Her eyes wandered, trying to catch the waiter's attention. The waiter -- hands full with four plates -- brushed past our table. 'You must be someone important,' She said. Alice's eyes tried to pivot one-hundred and eighty degrees into the back of her skull to follow the waiter. They, of course, couldn't. 'Well,' I half-smiled and tilted my head with boyhood charm. 'To not be overly modest, I suppose my life is important.' 'What do you do?' I peeked at her breasts -- symmetrical and supple. As if encouraging me, Alice adjusted her bra and made the gals stand to attention. I barely noticed the fading scar on her chest. *Aren't I lucky?* Bringing my eyes up, I said. 'I'm an organ donor.' The waiter passed by our table once more. Alice's interest in me dwindled, and through the side of her mouth, she said. 'Oh, really?' *How rude.* Alice's posture went rigid, and her cheeks flushed pink as if she could hear my thoughts. 'Sorry -- I'm miles away.' 'No bother,' I said. 'I know the staff here *very* well -- what can I get you?' 'Water,' She said, and as an afterthought, added. 'Please.' I snapped my fingers, and the waiter appeared beside the table. His body wobbled like a diving board. 'Sir?' 'A glass of water for my lovely date.' 'Certainly.' The waiter headed for the kitchen with a hitch in his step, reminiscent of a recent injury. 'Where were we?' I asked. Alice forced a smile. 'You were talking about your important life 'Ah yes,' I took a swig of wine. 'It's good wine, isn't it?' Alice's head rocked forward. 'I started donating organs when I was sixteen. Crazy right? Well, I'll let you in on a secret.' I leant in, and Alice flinched but didn't fully recoil. 'My first donation wasn't exactly voluntary.' Alice's face grew dark. 'What do you mean?' 'My Father -- god rest his miserable soul -- needed a kidney. He blamed bad genetics, but nobody's genes could withstand the amount of paint thinner he drank. Sometimes I thought he loved vodka more than me.' I pulled back and disappeared into thoughts for a moment. 'Anyway, to cut a long story short. I was his donor of choice, whether I wanted to be, or not. You see, he made it very clear that if I didn't, he would take it himself.' 'That's horrible,' Alice said with a genuine look of disgust on her face. 'It is what it is.' The waiter returned with frosted glass. 'Here you go, Miss.' He said. Alice and the waiter shared a knowing look. 'Thank you,' I said firmly. The waiter scurried away, apron tight against his body. 'Anyway, let's not dwell on the past!' I raised a glass. 'To the future.' Alice's wine sloshed against the walls as it shook on its way to meet mine. 'To the future.' --- /r/WrittenThought 