
At first I thought it was weird they emphasized testing our sense of smell so much during the draft. It seemed that as soon as I mentioned being an anosmic to the attending physician a silent alarm went off in a distant room and my assigned role was already decided. I was assigned to a squad in the gardeners program, a program I've never heard of before. When you have your basic training you're taught not to question what you're told and just do what your commander says you should do. I was told our unit was in charge of highly classified testing of fast acting growth chemical designed to grow plants at speeds that will assure a sustainable future for the fast growing population of our country. We were to test this chemical in various test sites around the globe, to see how it handled the various climates and soil. We were the muscle behind this program, we were the ones with the canisters going between the rows of dirt and spraying the stuff for 24 hours a day. Our standard uniform was a thick white mask with a glass so dim you could barely see your own hands if you pressed them against the lens and a big black heat resistant suit. Due to the chemical being highly active we were told that under no circumstances we were to remove any part of our uniform and to never spray the stuff on another human being since it can mess with our body temperature. There was an old squad folklore about a guy who got the stuff on himself and suffered 3rd degrees burns all over his body, that's when they started with the heat resistant suit. We worked in shifts, three hours at a time, two shifts a day, always one person in the room to apply the chemical. Always in a distant building from the main base, always in big rooms with at least 4 rows of dirt. Thinking back, I've never seen the thing actually work. I mean, yeah, we were spraying it day and night everyday for a month at a time and still nothing sprouted. I thought it was just the chemical not working as intended. Some weird sciency stuff going wrong. But then, I tripped. It wasn't even that big of a fall but it was enough to push some dirt off the top layer of one of the rows. I saw a foot. I thought to myself that I must be imagining, or that some dirt got on my mask from the fall. I slowly removed the mask with a feeling of dread about what I'm about to uncover. The foot was still there. I dug a bit more and saw a little boy, maybe age 12 or 13, laying there, lifeless, in the pile of dirt, face down. I turned him over, revealing a bullet wound between the eyes and some burns around his neck. I was horrified, I started gasping for air, my head was scrambled, I couldn't think let alone stand. I hastily started digging, uncovering more bodies as I dug. Women, young men, children and elderly, all faced down, all dead, all with the same neck burns. There were 30 of them in that one row. I slowly stood up and realized there were 4 more rows in this room. The biggest room I had seen had 8 rows. All dead. A big thud was heard from outside and it knocked me back to my senses. I realized what I've seen and I had to hide the fact that I found out. I started covering the bodies as fast as I could, trying to distance myself from every face I have to turn back around. I put on my mask and I started burning the bodies. Every step I took I was thinking "who are they? are they from the towns near the base or are they just random people the army wanted dead? If so why send them to remote locations like these? why use humans to burn them? is this I was assigned to the squad? because I won't be able to smell the burnt corpses?". I finished burning the last row and I got out of the room. On my way back to my room I went past a mirror, still in my suit. I guess the higher-ups didn't call us voldemorts only cause of our suits. --- Would love to hear criticism, my first time trying something like this 