
The creature was small and delicate, with spindly limbs covered in thin white hairs. She was frozen in place. One of its fingers curled, and its round head bobbed insistently. It was beckoning to her; as her heart fluttered nervously, she leaned forward until they were nose to nose. It grasped at the fabric of her space suit and pulled her closer, bringing its mouth to her ear. And then its hand whipped out, a finger jabbed her in the chest, and it said, "You're it." The creature giggled like a child, scurrying away with its head wobbling back and forth. Standing there with her mouth parted, she watched her chance at world-renowned achievement skip through an alien wilderness. She came to a sudden, irrational decision: she had to chase after it. The oxygen levels were just high enough to support a little bit of running, so she tossed aside her space helmet and dove into the forest of red vines. As she plunged deeper and deeper into the planet, dust swirled around each step and left dented footprints in the sandy dirt. She was following its path of bird-like tracks, stopping every so often to catch her breath or get her bearings. When she finally found the creature, it was curled into a ball, staring out at her with wide eyes. She grabbed it roughly by the elbow, and it shrieked in delight. "Say it," it told her. "Say it, say it!" She raised an eyebrow at it, cheeks flushed from exertion. "We're not playing games, you extraterrestrial bobble head." It gave her a look of innocent confusion. "I'm it?" The astronaut dragged the little alien back through the forest, and hacked at vines the whole way; the creature was oddly quiet. When they reached the shuttle, it began to scrabble at the ground. Its fingers and toes clutched at the dust, leaving claw marks in the sand. The color drained from its face. "No thank you," it said shrilly. "No! No thank you!" It squirmed and kicked against her, hissing and biting, before suddenly going silent again. "Crap," said the astronaut, feeling for a heartbeat. They were, after all, fragile-looking creatures, and she was afraid she'd strangled it on accident. A finger darted up and poked her in the nose. "You're it!" And off it scampered, over the shuttle and into the tunnels behind it. She raced after it. Her radio buzzed, and a grainy voice came through: "Where are you, dammit? Over." "Busy," she answered through gritted teeth. "Over." "For Christ's sake, Sarah, we thought something took you. Why the hell didn't you answer? Over." She stumbled on a purple root, falling soundly into the hard rock of the tunnel. "Sarah?" "I found something." There was a slickness to the rock that made climbing difficult -- her knuckles were white as they gripped the cracks and crevices. "We need you back at the lab. Over." A chittering noise came from her right, and her head moved to follow the sound. Then she heard the tell-tale giggle. "Quiet," she whispered into the radio. "Sarah-- " The quiet laughter stopped. "Crap!" "Are you okay?" "I lost it again." The astronaut sighed. "Look, I've got to catch this thing. I'll be back later. Over and out." She switched the radio off. And then she followed the alien through the tunnels. It is likely that the astronaut and the alien have played that game a long, long time, because not a soul heard from her ever again. 