
It had been a month since Jonathon had eaten, and he'd tried almost every house in every neighborhood for miles. The ones that were still alive refused to open their doors, though he begged, making up hundreds of stories about how sad and miserable and desperate he was. A respectable vampire earns his kills, and Jonathon wouldn't resort to bloodbags or outright murder. Until finally, just as it felt like he might wither away in the night, one front door finally opened. It was in a remote outskirt south of town, nearing the forest, overgrown with trees and all kinds of strange plants. A woman stood in the doorway, smirking, eyeing him up and down. Her features were regal, though she only wore pajamas and not a magnificent dress that might suit her face and braided hair. "Please," he begged, weak and delirious. "I need to use your phone. I'm terribly lost." She sniffed the air a few times, a smile cracking open. "Sure, come inside." Jonathon's eyes lit up like firebugs in the night, and he followed her, a devious grin on his face. Sweet relief came over him as he set foot inside, and he smelled her sweet skin, neck baring in the fluorescent light. "Phone's over there," she said without turning around. As the light hit her right, the exposed parts of her midriff under a cutoff shirt almost seemed to have a glittery look to it. He stepped closer, away from the phone, and closer still, smelling the iron and salt. His mouth parted. "I wouldn't do that if I were you," she said, turning to him. He started. "W--what?" "Yeah, I wouldn't try and drain my blood. I'm a minor Fae, but... you know what'll happen if you try and violate my hospitality." Jonathon's eyes widened, his heart sinking. After all that time spent searching... "Why did you invite me in, then? Just to torment a starving man?" She stepped forward, hips swaying. "I'll help you find some if you do something for me first." "And what is that?" he asked, scoffing. Devious Fae. "I'll allow you to eat before we discuss that." Her lips pursed. "Eat what? There's no one else here. I can't eat you, or I'll probably die." A smile crept upon her face, and she ran a finger down his chest. "Well, now, that would depend on what part of me you eat." ---- "And that's how you were born," Drym said, cozying up to Jonathon. Their son stood there, face devoid of any emotion. "Why would you even tell me that?" Jonathon let loose a hearty, quaking laugh. "Because, Edward. You probably want to know why you fuckin' sparkle." ----- */r/resonatingfury* 