
The faces around me were tense. Suits and pencil skirts, people lifting their glasses to wipe the sweat. Some suppressed their frustration; others clenched their fists and bared their teeth. I sighed and closed my eyes. I could still remember the first time. It had been back in middle school - my first science project. The guilt-mixed thrill I felt, clicking on that YouTube video of a makeup tutorial while the minutes until the deadline ticked away. I was hooked after that and started doing it more frequently. Leaving my room a mess despite my mother's stern order to clean, putting off homework left and right, and staying up late at night. Like a drug, the effects wore off quicker and quicker, and I craved bigger and better things to *not do*. My life was falling apart around me and I ended up on the street. People told me to quit and get a hold of my life, but I was already too far down the rabbit hole. The officials shifted nervously in their seats. I could hear the grating of shoes against the wooden floor, and papers being shuffled. The despair hung like a fog over the council chamber. "Please, can't you just..." someone said, but the futility struck them down before they could even finish the sentence. A brief smile touched my lips. I could feel the anger growing around me. I remembered when everything turned around for me. I was waiting at a crosswalk when the cars stopped and the lights turned green. A long snake of cars, waiting expectantly for me to cross. I took a step but stopped. I didn't feel like it. Not yet. I noticed a police car standing on the other side of the road, carefully watching the proceedings. The drivers saw him too. I pressed the button again, and to my surprise, the blinking green man shone steadily again. Cars honked, but the lights remained green for me. Reality itself warped around my need to wait. It forced others to wait. Revving engines, rolled down windows, people shouting. Still, I pressed the button again. I didn't feel like crossing yet. "Listen, we've been here for weeks, can't you... I mean, just this once?" I looked up at the councilman in front of me. He just wanted to be done with it. I shook my head. Not yet. The man threw up his hands. Then a resolve spread like mercury across his face. He pulled out a gun. "You want to die?" he spat. "That what you want?" I took my time to consider this. Did I want to die? I shook my head again. He pulled the trigger. The bullet sailed over my head and crushed the UN glass symbol behind me. Not yet. "The world is ending!" someone cried. "You have the greatest power; how can you just sit there?" I had seen the news. The survival of the world rested on a knife's edge. Nukes aimed this way and that, ready to reduce our planet to rubble. Everyone holding their breaths - a global cold war, which they wanted me to end. They wanted me to return it to a state where any tiny argument between nations wouldn't result in the apocalypse. They looked at me like I was some sort of god. They wanted me to take action. They wanted me to ease the situation. I shook my head. Not yet. 