
When the alien invasion of October 31, 2038 came, it was nothing that the people of 1938 who had broadcast *War of the Worlds* exactly 100 years thence could have imagined. Rather than a massive fleet of alien ships come to destroy our cities and ravage our crops, a single hovercraft, not even that much bigger than a Boeing 747, hovered about 500 metres above the ground, simply scanning and surveying the ground. At the time, I was lying in a cardboard box. The company I was employed by had shut down last week, and I had nowhere to live while I looked for another job. I had no parents or girlfriend to help give me a place to crash, and so I had started to descend into homelessness. Thus, I was one of the first people who wasn't a member of NASA or the American military to see the craft hovering in the air. I watched as this solitary craft weaved across the streets of Pittsburgh, like it was looking for a dropped wallet or something. Finally, it started to reach the street I was on. I cranked my neck to get a better look at the underside of the craft. At this point, about twice the usual number of people were on the streets, looking up at the strange spacecraft and wondering what it was here for. People from other towns wouldn't have had time to get here yet, and only local police would be available to disperse crowds. Suddenly the craft swept its way to directly above my head... and stopped. I got a pretty good look directly at the bottom surface that way... although at that moment I was looking around, wondering who or what next to me the craft was interested in. Suddenly, a beam of light appeared that shot directly onto my cardboard box. For a few seconds, I didn't know how to react, then I realized that I was probably going to find out first hand how it felt to be beamed up and abducted. Neither of those happened quite yet. Instead of me suddenly feeling like I was floating up, I heard the inexplicably familiar sound of a rip cord, getting louder and louder as it neared me somehow. Then, right next to me, something that looked like a large mechanical hand fell, dangling three feet off the ground. This hand had five spindly fingers, that weren't quite in the shape of a hand, but rather, equally spaced around a circle like an arcade claw. The bottom "finger" had what appeared to be a large disc on its tip. I looked up, and it looked like the mechanical hand was hanging by a 500-metre cord up into the UFO above. Everybody was frozen in awe and observation at that moment, because it was something they'd never seen before, and absolutely nobody knew how to act. And while I was staring curiously up at the cord, the hand made its move and swiftly grabbed me at five points. All five fingers locked themselves into the disc on the tip of the bottom finger and tightened, latching tight to my shoulders, my waist, and between my legs like a safety harness, the disc now pressing against my back like a stretcher on a rescue lift. Suddenly my reflexes came back, and I struggled to either pull off or slide out of the thing that had just unceremoniously clamped itself around me -- but it wouldn't budge. They'd covered all the points, and nothing was slipping out of that claw. In that moment, some people standing next to me came back to their senses, and tried to run over to help. Then, like a tape measure slurping itself back into its reel, I felt myself being yanked up toward the craft. Nobody had made it towards me in that moment, and nobody even managed to touch me before I started my journey into some alien's prize bin. I flailed around helplessly, and realized that I really _was_ going to find out what it was like to be abducted today. [1/?] 