
God nodded in approval at his son. "You are doing well, Ecari. Just beware with that advanced war-race. They might seem peaceful right now, but I'd had to deal with those sort of species in the past. You blink once, a hundred years go by in their world and, before you know it, they conquered the cosmos." Ecari huffed at his father's words. Didn't he understand that he was eighteen now? An adult capable of taking his own decisions? Those haughty advices bothered Ecary like an itch he couldn't scratch. He wasn't a moron. "Yes, dad," Ecari said and shook his head, "I know what I'm doing." God raised an eyebrow and pointed at the sphere in his son's hands. "Are you sure? If I were you I'd check on your project." Ecari's heart thumped. He turned to gaze at his sphere, plunging right into his universe. Perspiration trickled down his temples and out his palms, he fidgeted as if an earthquake was taking place in his right leg, and he swallowed time and time again. The Humans as he'd called it, had discovered how to travel faster than light through wormholes without disintegrating. How? Ecari had made sure that was not an option for them. They should've became energy. The pressure should've killed them. Ecari narrowed his eyes. What were those enormous spaceships made of? He didn't remember creating such a dense material. He didn't remember allowing the possibility of creating such a mighty engine either. What was happening? He took a deep breath, and shed a tear as the sides of his lips quirked downward and trembled. The humans had conquered and destroyed every single planet in his universe, slaughtered every other form of intelligent life. He placed his sphere on a cloud beneath, and waited for his father to boast about how he'd told him he should've watched closer. However, God placed a hand on his shoulder, knelt to level with him, and whispered into Ecari's ear. "Happy April fools day," God said and snickered like a mischievous kid. "What?" Ecari yelled, veins bulging out his neck. "Did you give them all those things?" "Of course not," God said and laughed again, slapping his knee. "I distracted you on purpose. Those bastards always do the same. Somehow they discover bugs in our universes. They are our testers." Ecari rose to his feet, his visage hidden in deep shadows, the clouds trembled beneath him, and a storm surged on the horizon, spitting booming thunder and burying Heaven in darkness. "Did you ruin my life time project just because of a simple joke? Choose your words carefully dad. I'm not that little innocent child anymore." "Ecari, there's no need for one of your tantrums right now," God said, sighed and shook his head. The vestiges of his laughter long gone. "You need to learn to take a joke. Here." Golden tendrils billowed out of God's beard and wrapped Ecari's sphere. There was a swishing sound, and Ecari's project burst with light, as if it had caught sudden fire. "There. I reset it to where you were before I interrupted your work," God said and gazed at the storm retreating, then at his son. "You humorless bastard, who raised you?" "A fool, of course," said Ecari, beaming with sudden joy. "Why don't you check your projects?" "You didn't." "Did you think I didn't know what day was today? Happy April fools day, dad." ------------------------------------------- r/AHumongousFish for more! 