
"Sir, I'm going to have ask you to sit back down." Ji-Yun took a deep breath. He'd already waited long enough for answers. Maybe too long. "Ma'am," he began, his tone even. "With all due respect, we have been in the air for almost six hours. People are frightened. Hungry. Most of all they're confused." He glanced at her name badge. "So, Soo-Jung, I'm going to have to *ask you* to get out of my way, right now, or I will forcibly place you in my unoccupied seat, and tie the belt around your waist in a knot that'll take you at least thirty minutes to undo. And I'm afraid, it won't be in the least bit comfortable." The hostess's mouth dropped open. "I..." An elderly lady leaned over from an aisle seat, her hair sitting on her head like a grey apple, "I think you should do what he suggests. He's only trying to help... and, well you saw what he did to the drunk man." She nodded back to huge man whose arms looked like they had been left to grow on an oak tree for a season too long. He was sitting quietly now, his head limp, dribble running down his chin. The hostess squinted at Ji-Yun, her eyes running over his silk shirt and tailored suit. "Who are you?" she asked. "Someone who might be able to help," said Ji-Yun. "Now please, take me to the pilot." Another pause. Her face was both angry and calm in such great measures that it wouldn't have looked right on anyone other than her, Ji-Yun thought. "Very well," she said. "Please, follow me." The pilot had announced hours ago that all of window shutters must be kept closed until landing, but some passengers had not heeded the warning, and as Ji-Yun walked down the aisle, he caught glimpses through open shutters. It was like walking down an art gallery, he thought, only with most of the spotlights turned off. It only served to highlight the artworks still on display. And in this mile-high gallery, the paintings were all the same. All thick plumes of spiralling pink cloud. Ji-Yun checked his watch. Early afternoon. The sun was neither setting, nor rising. So what was causing the clouds to bleed? He hoped he didn't know. They reached the alcove that led to the cockpit. Two other members of the cabin crew were there. One, a young male, was tapping desperately at his phone, trying -- as Ji-Yun and every other passenger had also, unsuccessfully, tried -- to get a connection. A second hostess stared at Ji-Yun with a pale shrew-like face. "What's he doing back here?" she asked. "He demanded to speak to the pilot," said Soo-Jung, closing the curtain behind them, allowing them privacy from the prying eyes of other passengers. "And he..." Ji-Yun noticed the hostess pause, as if considering what to tell her colleague. "And I think he... *he might be able to help*." "Is that right?" she said, not bothering to hide her suspicion. Ji-Yun shrugged. "Perhaps. I'm ex special forces. I have experience in crisis management. However, I need to know everything that you know, in order to manage it effectively. In order to *help*." Soo-Jung sighed. "We don't know much at all. Just that we lost all contact with control about three hours ago. Final message informed us that it was currently unsafe to land. That we should stay in the air as long as possible, until the situation has been resolved. We have not been able to make contact with the outside world since. Not through comms, not through phones. Pilot has been flying circles ever since." Ji-Yun noticed the pale faced hostess surreptitiously glance at Soo-Jung. A glance that said *'that's enough'*. "Ah. There is more," Ji-Yun surmised. "You must tell me everything you know, you understand? It could be vital." "*Zombies*." It was the man on the floor who spoke. His phone was by his side now, sim card and battery removed, as if he were performing an autopsy on the dead device. "Excuse me?" Soo-Jung glared at the young man. "What he means is... well, in the final transmission..." The man continued for her, "They told us that people down there are infected. Tearing each other apart with their teeth!" Soo-Jung reddened. "They did not say it quite like that." Ji-Yun took a deep breath. That couldn't be right. It just couldn't be. "Where and when are we set to land?" "We have about thirty minutes fuel left, and we're still bound for Seoul," Soo-Jung said. "There's little other choice. Most likely this entire thing is a hoax. Or perhaps a trick. I don't know. But we've just about done all we can now." "It's not a hoax," he said. "We can't land. At least, not in Seoul." The plane suddenly, violently, jerked, sending both Ji-Yun and the hostessess to the ground. "What's happened?" Ji-Yun said, scrambling to his knees. His head felt funny. Numb, almost. Screams from the rear of the plane answered him. He pulled back the curtain to reveal passengers undoing their belts, some heading towards them. He tasted it on his tongue -- a bitter tang -- before he saw it. A window must have been broken at the rear of the plane. Ji-Yun knew this, because tendrils of thick pink smoke were already drifting into the cabin. --- I've written part 2, but I don't want to spam this sub or my own sub, so if you'd like to follow please come join me on /r/Airpocalypse 