
"There's going to be a robbery." Mr. Khun raised one perfectly manicured eyebrow. "Is that so, Chelsea?" he said in a measured tone. "And how do you know this?" I met his gaze evenly, without so much as hesitating. "Just doing my job, sir," I said. "I got wind of the fact that there's going to be a robbery, and so I figured you should know about it," I said with a shrug. Not a single lie in that sentence - I was sort of impressed. Mr. Khun frowned, his eyebrows coming together. "Do you know who it's going to be?" I let one corner of my lip curl up. "Sir, are you asking me if I *know who the culprit is* before the crime even happens?" Mr. Khun massaged his temples/ "Right, right. Idiotic of me, Chelsea, it's just this whole situation is...a bit stressful. "I'd imagine so, sir," I said, trying not to let my relief show. That had been way too close. I hadn't actually answered the question, and luckily he hadn't pressed. He shook his head again as if to clear it. "So what should we do, Chelsea, do you know much about the plans or execution?" "Not much," I said, answering the first question, not the second one, "I saw all we need to do is close the bank to the general public for the weekend. Most of the banking is online anyways so it wouldn't be too much of a loss." Mr. Khun frowned. "But wouldn't the robbers just try again? This is just a delaying tactic, and on top of that, I have full faith in our security system, I'm convinced we can stop a robbery, especially one we know is coming." "It'll only get messy Mr. Khun," I said. "We'll probably stop them, but when they realize what's going to happen they'll take hostages and the whole situation will just spiral down to hell." Mr. Khun pursed his lips but nodded. "And I do know for a fact that if they don't succeed this weekend, I doubt they'll try again." It was true enough. If I failed, I'd probably be in jail. "Alright, Chelsea, so what is your plan specifically?" I bit my tongue to keep myself from grinning. "Close the bank, but let me stay inside with a handful of trustworthy people I'll handpick," I shrugged again. "I'll handle it." Mr. Khun sat back in his chair, lips pursed, eyebrows together for what seemed like an eternity. Then finally, blessedly, he nodded. "Alright Chelsea, I trust you'll handle this." "Oh, I most certainly will, Mr. Khun. Not to worry." I extended my hand and Mr. Khun took it in his firm grip. I gave a shallow nod, and walked out of his office. That was when I finally allowed myself a smile. I had some preparations to make. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 