
'Two Screaming Morries for me and my buddy here.' Mike listened to his Unitrans, then nodded gravely and turned around, opening the tap that contained agonised souls from Moran-5, quickly cutting off the screams by putting a sound-damper lid on the glass. 'You'll never guess where I just got back from.' Mike finished off the drinks with two colorful straws, placing them before the two aliens - a stone-skin variant - with all the flair of a sombre grave. 'You didn't,' said the other, grabbing his drink without even looking at Mike. 'Earth?' 'The very same.' The alien slurped from his straw, the souls howling as they went down his gravelly throat. 'Might as well call it Dirt now.' 'So the rumors are true?!' His comrade grinned his rocky teeth bare and burped in satisfaction. 'All gone. Blew themselves back to loose genetic grit, from what I could tell. Collected some excellent radioactive rock samples, though.' The other shook his head, which was an accomplishment when your neck was made of granite. 'Aggressive little bastards. Might be for the best.' Mike said nothing, wiping the bar and staring at them with a glare that was emptier than space. The two golem-aliens took no notice. 'They could never *compromise*, yaknow?' Alien 1 sipped his straw, thoughtful. 'The first day in the Union, you remember what they asked?' His friend laughed. 'I remember, Slate. It was all over the Holo-net.' 'Equal rights,' Slate grinned. 'Stupid little fleshbags. That was their problem. They all wanted more *respect*, more than what was theirs.' 'Didn't know their natural place in the order of dominance,' his friend agreed. 'Even among themselves. Always fighting about it.' Mike said nothing, his neck muscles tense as he watched the two finish their Screaming Morries. 'We, we *know* our place, yaknow.' Slate burped again, wobbling slightly under the intoxication of Moran souls. 'I could swipe the radioactive rocks I got on Dirt and sell it to a Nuklonean. That's what a human would try.' His friend barked a laugh. 'They just don't see the inevitable outcome of failure that comes with challenging a dominant species.' Slate turned to the rest of the bar, mostly low-class species in the Union ranking, and called out 'But we know our species is only fourth in line. That's why I deliver for the Union!' He finally seemed to notice the barman, and his voice got - astonishingly - even lower. 'And that's why you, you miserable low-class flesh-thing, are going to pour us two more drinks.' The two laughed as Mike turned around and prepared two more Screaming Morries. 'What are you, anyway?' Slate asked him, taking a sip from his new colorful straw. Mike had even added little umbrellas, this time. 'A human,' Mike said. There fell a deadly silence in the bar. The smart aliens, who had been listening in on the conversation and saw Mike's dead, unimpressed eyes, silently got up and left the bar. 'Oh? So you're not all dead then.' Slate took another sip, still grinning. 'You will be. You wanna know what your species' problem is?' 'No,' Mike said. 'But I can tell you what yours is. You're allergic to wood.' Slate only know noticed the umbrella in his drink. His eyes widened and he reeled backwards, crashing into the floor with a resounding THUD. The remaining aliens fled as well now, save for Slate's enormous stony friend. 'You'll pay for that, human,' it said, raising a massive fist. 'Another problem is that you never *expect* us to stop taking your shit,' Mike said, firing the Phaser. He'd been hiding it underneath his wiping rag, and now he hit the golem neatly between the eyes. The heart was there, for their kind. THUD. Mike calmly stepped around the bar, and fished a set of starship keys from one of Slate's pockets. 'Sell it to a Nuklonean, eh?' he murmured, taking off. The Nukloneons built the best death-rays in the galaxy. Grade-A stuff, Mike knew. And the Union had let them live, confident in their order of dominance. That was the problem with the Union, really. They *were* stronger. But they underestimated a lot of things. Like just how foolish humans could be. Mike would have to teach them. 