
"You're different," she says, the first night we are together, smoking on the balcony. "I can tell you are." "Different from who?" "All the others who came before you." "Why?" I ask. "Do you have a type or something?" "Nope," she says. "I just think...you're different. You're more honest. You're not reciting lines, when you talk to me, to impress me. You're..." I'm happy she doesn't ask if I have a type. Because if I ever did, she is it. The light brown eyes that looked best under light, so you could see all the different colored flecks, like autumn leaves. The height, matching mine, so we could look at each other like the easiest thing in the world. The voice, bright and loud, so different from mine, which sounded brittle and rattling. "Maybe you say that to everyone," I say. "You say it because you know it makes people feel special, like they're one in a million. Because you could have anyone." "You don't believe me?" she asks, moving close, her eyes innocent, dangerously so. "I do," I say, knowing I am lost. "I'm scared at how easily I believe you." - "You're different," she says, the first night in our new house. The kids just stopped jumping on their beds, having finally worn out all that sugar to keep them awake during the move. "You're different from when I first met you." "How am I different?" I ask. "I don't know," she says. "Well, you've lost a little hair since we first started dating." "That's nice to hear." "I do know that I started to doubt that I could ever find someone like you." "Someone like me?" "All the other men before you...it was like they had a plan for how things were going to go. They had to move in together by this many months, or introduce me to their parents after a year. But with you...everything feels natural. It feels right." I don't know what to say. There is something I have never been able to understand about her, something forlorn, something lost. "I want you to know something, and don't ever believe it's not true. I want you to know that even if you died right now, I would never forget your face." That was a weird thing to say, but I barely registered it as I fell asleep. It would only occur to me much later, after I woke up. "I want you to know that it was you that I fell in love with. Not who you're supposed to be..." - "Thank God," the man said, pulling the helmet off my head. "Jesus, you really are the fastest." "What?" I asked. The man chuckled. "They told me your head would be all scrambled when you came out. But they said you were used to it, so I shouldn't worry about it." "Where is she?" "My wife!" Now he laughed, but not without sympathy. "So they weren't lying. Everyone really does fall in love with her. I'm excited. She looked so hot in the trailers." "What? That's my wife you're talking about." "Your wife? More like the world's wife. You should know. You just played the game for me." "Game?" "Life Simulator 5. Featuring the most lifelike and seductive Wife yet. Ring a bell?" "She's...everyone's wife?" "We have a winner!" "But she said it was me. She said she fell in love with me, that what we had was special." He laughed, and put the helmet on. "That's what she says to everyone. But don't blame yourself," he said as the game rebooted for him. "The developers said 98% of players reach full immersion." Did they? - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 