
A hasty glance in the mirror vanished all my doubts. The genie tricked me, he transformed me into the monster humanity passionately despised, Adolf Hitler. Alone in an imposing room I meticulously observed what surrounded me. Swastiskas filled the walls, towering dense windows overlooked Berlin, luxurious chandelliers hanging from the unreachable ceiling. I had no doubt I was in a Nazi headquarter. The sudden noise of my iron black doors opening, interrupted my observation. A blonde, tall, blue eyed expresionless man marched towards me. Every step he took over the exuberant crimson carpet echoed across the room. "Fuhrer!" He yelled, raising his hand. I recognized him, he was my Economy Minister, Walther Funk. "Walther," I replied with defying eyes. He gave me a report, "Fuhrer, the numbers are outstanding everything is going according to our plan." He lowered his arm and his eyes met mine. I took the report and nodded. "Walther, I need to privately communicate with Churchill, make it happen." I demanded. He frowned, "Can I ask you why?". I stood up abruptly and grabbed him aggressively by the uniform. "They know they can't do shit against us, I will extorsionate that fat bastard until he cooperates, if he doesn't the ashes left by the blitzkrieg will smother his polluted lungs to death." I muttered furiosly. He nodded, turned around and left the room. I felt his heartbeat rising and his body trembling in fear. My plan got underway. Half an hour later my phone rang, I made sure no one entered the room nor heard the conversation, the power I had over everybody in here was tremendous. Macchiaveli once said: "It's better to be feared than loved." He was right. "I'm listening Adolf." Churchill said. "I will send half my army to the USSR in two weeks, gather the Allies and bombard Germany with all you got." I replied. "Didn't expect you to have a sense of humour." "I will handle the military actions today, tomorrow I'll commit suicide and kill all my Cabinet. You are have been warned, the lives of millions of people are in your hands now Winston." I hanged up. Below my desk I found a Walther P38, beautiful and deadly pistol. The next day I gave a speech to the soldiers announcing the USSR like our next objective and summoned my six most important ministers in my office. Five shots, the hardest remained, mine. I took a deep breath, cursed the genie and gave my grandparents the life they deserved. 