
https://reddit.com/r/NoStupidQuestions/comments/7vb2fu/problem_with_my_bathroom_mirror/ &nbsp; **Problem with my bathroom mirror?** &nbsp; Hi guys. I have a kind of... strange problem with my mirror. I'm just wondering if anyone has seen this before? You know that feeling you get when someone is watching you? That creepy, invirtuous crawl that ranges up and down your spine? You know? One morning last year, I started to feel it in my bathroom. I was brushing my teeth. I turned around, checked the window. Still frosted, and closed. I looked around for cameras (Silly, I know, but who knows what the NSA is up to these days?). Perhaps my poops were a matter of national security. Hell, my farts had been described as 'biological warfare' by my last girlfriend, so it wasn't too much of a stretch. In any case, I'd found nothing. I put it out of my mind and learned to ignore the spindly spider at the back of it, niggling with every routine. That is, until this morning. I'd read a TIL the day before: something about fingertips on mirrors. If there's a space, it's a normal mirror. If not, it's two way. You guys have probably seen it. So in the middle of my mouthwash, out of sheer boredom, I put my finger up to the mirror. No gap. I was so surprised, I nearly choked on my mouthwash, and spat it up down the sink. In the process, I guess I took my hand off of it. When I looked back up, I put my finger back. This time, there was a gap. It was really weird. I felt like something really, strangely ominous was watching me. It was a much heavier feeling than before. It felt like a warning, or something. Like when your parents reprimand you when you're really young. I'm not sure, but it definitely wasn't me, because when I left the bathroom the feeling just... dissolved. Completely, in an instant. It was weird. Do you guys have any explanation for this? I'm hoping that the sciencey side of reddit comes to help me lol. I've been really hesitant to go into the bathroom since then, and my housemate didn't like me using his shower this evening. I know it's stupid, but I don't even want to brush my teeth in there tonight. Could it be something to do with the mercury? I know mirrors have that in them, but I don't really know what it does? I don't want to seem dramatic, but I'm kind of creeped out, so any help would be really appreciated. Thanks in advance. ----- I'll write a part two if there's demand for it. 