
"Next... Next..." Another group of kids shuffling into a Baltimore club for a heavy metal gig. Another night for some carding and cash. I rubbed my hands together, urging the friction to do its thing. Wouldn't be enough, though. This January was mighty cold. I looked up at the line of kids that approached, noting the number above each one. Honest kids, tonight. All 21 or over. I would have managed a smile at the pleasant change if not for the fucking cold. When the last had filed in, Keith patted my shoulder. "I'm taking a break, Reader." I nodded as he walked off, leaving me alone to guard the door. I was always the one they left alone. "Hey, can we get in, still?" I turned to look down at a group of three kids, but instantly saw '19' above the talking one's head. "Scram, dude. It's 21 and up." "You didn't even card me!" "I don't need to," I retorted, staring him down. "Let us in." I switched my gaze to another one of the street urchins, only to see this one was different. A lump caught in my throat as I opened my mouth to say a word that become lost in a whirlpool of draining thoughts. The number above this ones head was 8456. "ID." I managed to choke out. I never truly saw his face, only his number. I kept staring at it, knowing I had never been wrong before. His ID revealed he was 22 years old, but my eyes illustrated otherwise. Out of pure shock, or fear, I let the group in, watching the number as they walked toward the muffled roar of downtuned electric guitars and thunderous drums. I couldn't help but follow inside, forgetting to ask Keith to keep watch. The club was dark except for the neon purple and teal lights of the bar. Some local band screeched onstage as I gravitated toward the largest number in the room. Still a distance away, it turned a corner and faded into the restroom. I followed still. The bathroom glowed a dirty fluorescent green in an attempt to hide the various stains that covered the walls and stalls. The four-numbered man stood in front of the mirror above the sink, pulling his shirt up to reveal a scarred, swollen, bruised, tattooed torso that twisted at odd angles. The lights flickered and the sound of the band was drowned out by the banging and panting of a couple fucking in the stall. "Still going to try and kick us out?" The man asked, turning to me. I stood, confused, horrified. The old one approached me in the flickering light of the dingy bathroom, the heat and sound of sex amplifying. He leaned in close, becoming a silhouette before me. I felt the ancient breath on my neck like the hollow winds that blow over the swelling ocean. "You can read me as much as you want, muscle man. That number will only grow larger," the old one whispered into my ear. He exited the bathroom and disappeared into the crowd as the door swung back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, until the only remnants of the encounter hung in the thick air as a stench of sweat, blood, and piss. And then it was gone. 