
I awoke in a daze, struggling to remember how I came to be strapped to a chair in a windowless room, wires and tubes snaking out of my body like hungry little worms seeking to devour my very being. Two figures came into focus, first shadows and then clearly men, their faces the amused expressions of people relishing a spectacle they should regret enjoying but they don't. "That was life sentence 24," one of them says. He's older. His eyes are cold and cruel and sad and angry. "Only 356 sentences left." I shake my head. I feel empty. I feel drained. It's an agonizing deja vu where I'm terrified of something and just can't pinpoint what. "No," I beg. "Please. Whatever you're doing. Please stop." The other man chuckles. The younger one. He can't be much older than I am - or than I was, if it weren't for the decades I feel like I've aged. "Please stop?" He spits on me and I strain against the ropes, desperate to lap up even a drop of liquid. Anything to help my parched mouth. He picks up a water bottle and carefully streams the contents into my mouth until I am satisfied and I close my lips. He stops pouring. "Please stop? Did that make you stop?" I don't know. I truly don't know. It's all a blur, like a dozen lives blended together into one hellish existence. "Make me stop what?" I stare at him pleadingly, asking genuinely. It's not a physical torture they're conducting. It's hard to even discern how I'm being tortured. The restraints aren't too tight, I am given water and my stomach is full. They haven't beaten me. They haven't even touched me. But somehow I feel dead inside, like they've carefully torn apart the seams of who I was and emptied me of my identity. They've left me barren and apathetic, as if they've removed my existence but left my empty shell. "What didn't I stop doing?" I couldn't remember. I wasn't doubting them. I just couldn't remember anymore. The older man smiled with his mouth. His eyes didn't change. He crouched down, bringing his eyes to the level of mine. "How do you feel? Tell me. Then we'll stop." "Empty," I sobbed. "I just feel like..." I grasped for the right words. They lingered on the tip of my tongue. "There's something missing. I don't know what. Just something. Or someone. Please. Don't hurt them." They glanced at each other and they both chuckled wryly. Sinister chuckles that didn't seem to bode well for me. "It's too late. You've made sure of that." It was still the old man talking. His cruel eyes flared with anger and his jaw clenched and unclenched and I could hear his teeth grinding. "Tell me how you feel," he repeated. "Like there's somebody missing. Like I want to talk to them but I can't. Like I turn a corner and I think I see them but it's not them, and then I remember it never will be because they're gone. They're gone for good. Something happens and I want to talk to them and I pull up their number on my phone but it just rings and rings and I hear their voice but it's the same voicemail and I know they'll never answer. They can't answer." He nodded at me, encouraging me to continue. My words were flowing now as I desperately tried to describe the emotions they were somehow forcing upon me. Describing them would end my torture. That's what he had said. "I feel like somebody has been stolen from me and all I want to do is rewind time back to when we were together. But I won't ever be able to. Not even for a moment." The old man nodded. The younger one looked at me with nothing but hatred. "You're starting to understand how we feel. You're seeing what she could have had and then you're seeing how it feels to have it all taken away. An entire life ahead of her and you had to cut it short. 380 days you had her. And now you get to live that life 380 times. Once for each day." "I'm sorry," I said helplessly. "Please don't do this. I can't take it anymore." Twenty-four times had rendered me incapable of keeping my emotions together. Another three-hundred times would kill me. I was sure of it. The look in their eyes told me they didn't care. In fact, they might prefer it. "Sorry doesn't fix it. Not even for a moment." The old man tore his eyes from mine and glanced back to the younger one. "Run him through another life sentence, son. Number 25." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 