
Conversations raged in the downtown, restaurant. For once, I had worn everyday civilian clothing. If it weren't for the myriad of scars on my face; I could have passed for *normal*. 'The main course,' A waiter said with his eyes pinned to the floor. 'Enjoy.' I watched the waiter slink away, and then pulled out my phone. While my food grew cold, I did my best to photograph it in the best light. I moved in, and out. I changed filters, and as the heat left each strand of pasta, I thought of the best hashtag. I uploaded the photo, geotagged with my location and in the caption wrote "#datenight". I picked at my food while I waited. And then, twenty minutes after my social media cry for help, a boom echoed from the streets. Conversations died, and people flocked to the window, still chewing. Dust, debris and smoke rolled against the restaurant window. *Three... two... one.* The door burst open, and the brass bell rattled like a distressed uvula. 'Where is she!?' Captain M demanded. The woman in bulging spandex scanned the room, glossing over the bystanders who stood with strands of pasta hanging from their mouths. I waved at Captain M and received a hateful glower. 'Over here.' I said. I blinked in time with her thumping footsteps and continued to blink as she towered above me. 'Don't waste my time.' 'Have a seat.' Captain M lifted me by my neck, bringing my bulging face level with hers. 'Fine -' I choked. '- have my seat.' Captain M blew a gold strand of hair from her face and said. 'Stop wasting my time.' The grip on my neck tightened so that only particles of air could escape. Captain M continued scanning the room, and then fixed on the bathroom. 'Are you keeping her hostage in *there*?' I mimed speaking and then wringing a dishcloth, while a gargling sound came from my throat. Captain M dropped me, and while I nursed my throat, she said. 'Speak.' 'There is no girl.' I said. 'Liar!' Captain M withdrew her phone, from what looked like a custom sewed pouch. She tapped against the screen with increasing frustration and then removed her glove. The jabbing stopped, and she turned the screen so that I could see the photo I had posted. I smiled. 'You know. People don't post their real-life online.' 'Stop playing games.' Captain M said. 'You know,' I said picking myself off the floor. 'it's oddly comforting how quickly you came.' Captain M cocked a concealed eyebrow. 'Some would say that you're jealous.' 'What!?' 'You've interrupted five of my dates now,' I said and bopped a finger against her arm. 'Some would say that's obsessive.' 'No!' Captain M glanced around the room of silent onlookers. 'Impossible. You are a menace, and those weren't dates you deluded fool.' A waiter, the one who had avoided my face, approached Captain M and presented her with a pizza. 'From the gentleman that you were choking,' The waiter said. I pulled back a chair and gestured for Captain M to sit. --- /r/WrittenThought Want to read more? - [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WrittenThought/comments/au7ov8/super_opposite_part_2/) 