
When we came in conquest we were laughed at. I the Grand Warlord of the Xakkai, Conquer of a Billion Stars. Destroyer of a million fleets. Apocalyptic Judge of a thousand worlds. I who had slain more within my life than I could count was... Laughed at. Oh how I can hear the sound even now mocking me, if I had understood then what I know now I wouldn't have dismissed that laughter. I wouldn't have lashed out in rage and ordered my flagship to fire. They had laughed at me. I destroyed their ship and could still hear the mocking laughter about how we had just monarchially molested the canine companion and Mr Wick would be on his way momentarily. These were cultural references for which we had no frame of reference. How were we to know their meaning? We conquered a world and burned it's people as a lesson to teach the others to capitulate when we came. We lost some, but nothing out of the ordinary in its conquest. We conquered twenty worlds, and again our casualties were those expected. The people of this galaxy were feeble and unused to war. We took to them with swords and guns and they repaid us in involuntary servitude or meat for our fires. We had then taken a hundred worlds, and our casualties were mounting, things from the dark came in ships like midnight, weapons reaching out from impossible ranges guided by computers of their own on tails of flame. Our conquests had become chains around our feet, vital facilities were exploding in the night, important personnel were found with their heads severed from their thoraxes. We had managed to conquer a thousand worlds. A thousand was where we were stopped. We had encountered a new alien, one of those our intelligence had lead us to believe was one of the more peaceful and prone to diplomacy and weak solutions, our strategists had assessed them more likely to surrender without a fight to avoid any of their people being harmed. Yet now we were learning new lessons, humanity didn't come at us in ships shining bright as noble paladins to defend the weak. They had been testing us for months with their ships of liquid midnight. And now they came at us with true armadas and deployed their long ranged seeker weapons. Exploding with star-hot bursts of energy, their radioactive emissions rendering wreckage impossible to search or rescue. They are coming even now as I try in vain to shut down the inter-galactic gate we had built to stabilise the connection between our home galaxy and here, my engineers have already died, they died trying to figure out how to prevent the deadly damage the humans cobalt bombs had done while few of us hide in shelters. Their allies were hiding in fear of their own allies as humanity rampaged over us and retook our the colonies the races of this galaxy had previously held, though few wanted them still, irradiated as they were. We now all live in fear of the human motto that had guided them this far. ***Be Prepared***. Though I am still unsure what the feline singing to the canines has to do with it. 