
It was hard to leave Earth, but its core was dwindling and on the verge of dying. We were forced to terraform Mars and start civilization back from scratch. However, something strange happened while the engines suited Mars to sustain human life. First, its surface was covered in a vast ocean, but soon, a widespread piece of land emerged from the depths. The scientists were quick to identify it, for they had seen it before, long ago, in Earth itself. It was an exact replica of Pangaea. They were left dumbfounded. Their engines weren't supposed to imitate such a thing. They were supposed to simply identify the elements that needed to be changed and transform them into suitable ones. We, the majority of the inhabitants, didn't care much about it, and focused on repopulating and building instead. However, the scientists switched their focus of study. They forgot about the search of new elements and helping engineers to improve building times. Instead, they contacted historians, and delved deep into Earth's history, trying to find a hint that could explain their many doubts. Who terraformed Earth so long ago? Where were they? Why did they leave if they did? But years went by, and not a proper answer ever came. They went through tomes and tomes, through every little detail, yet they found nothing certain. In the meantime, we built a lot, and the countries were starting to establish their borders. It was on a normal day that a friend of mine, who happened to be a scientist, called me. I picked up, and we agreed to meet up for lunch. His voice had been brittle on the phone. When we met, he looked nervous, he was constantly scanning the place, his face was ashen, and his leg fidgeted. I sat in front of him and ordered two salads. "Mike, we have found something," he said, his voice a whisper. "What?" I asked, confused and eager. "Remember when I talked to you about someone terraforming Earth long before we even existed?" "I do," I said. "Did you confirm your suspicions about someone observing us?" He shook his head. "No, but I know what happened to them." "What?" I leaned over the table. "They were killed, erased from the Earth," he said, trembling. "How could you be so certain?" "When we looked at the old books, nothing made sense," he said. "So we looked where we had to look: in space. They were advanced like us. By sheer luck we managed to find something similar to a black box, with a recording in it." My eyes went wide, and my heart thumped. "What did it say?" "Something about a virus, a failure in their engines," he said and gulped. "And then, they spoke about 'The Olds' coming, and their voices filled with desperation. The recording ends with someone saying: 'Death is imminent. There's nowhere to go.'" "But what does that mean?" I asked. "It means that sooner or later something will go wrong," he said, "and sooner or later 'The Olds' will come and erase us." The salads came. I sighed and started eating. I didn't know what to think. All of the scientists had been wrapped in paranoia lately. "Let's hope it happens later than sooner." --------------------------- Sci-Fi it's not my thing, but I gave it a try. Check r/AHumongousFish It's cozy in there. 