
Call it a rush. Meeting new people. Appraising them. The catalogue of my mind is full from charming first dates, and it's ever growing fuller. I can't cram just anyone in there But this one seems worth it. This evening's date--Thalia, 33, originally from Norway, now here on my side of the world by some careful working of fate--met me at Aux Trois Capitaines. Good setting. She's charmed, I'm charming. Instant spark. We hit it off, instantly. I've been doing this a while. I have met many people. For me, the gender matters less than the person: who they are, what they have done. But she is one of the most interesting. Her hobby is mountain climbing. She is a polyglot dabbling in nearly ten languages. In school she studied organic chemistry, a skill whose usefulness I can't think of now, but it is rare in such a pleasant person. She has seen The champagne bubbles like the blood in my brain. I watch her smooth pale arms move and wonder at seeing the Balkans through her eyes. Or how the world looked from the top of Kilimanjaro as she stood there, gasping and humbled by the vastness of the world. I love her. I crave her. That's the best part. The exhilarating part. It is what brings me back to some bar or restaurant somewhere, anywhere, over and over again. As long as I can feel that spark. That forward tug of compulsion that cries, *I need you and your everything.* I offer to walk her to the train station. She seems relieved, tipsy and delighted. We walk holding hands. She is wobbly in her heels. I draw her down an alley, promising a shortcut. The look she gives me is halting, hesitant. "C'mon," I say. "I grew up here. I know what I'm doing it." That or the alcohol in her brain convinces her. She follows me into the dim, giggling stupidly about muggers in America. My belly rises in delight. I can hear nothing beyond my own blood roaring in my ears. Call it a rush. In that final second you can hear the both of us, our thoughts and selves inextricably wound together thenceforth. Your life changed, irreversibly, and become mine. I reach for her face as if to kiss her. When she relents to me I grab her by her skull and slam her head into the wall. She makes a stunned sparrow cry and looks at me in horror. Just before she dies, I think how lovely her fear looks. She realizes with animal panic that she doesn't want to die. And then I open her skull against the stone. She slumps bonelessly down, leaving behind a splatter of blond hair and brain like spaghetti on the brick wall. It was unbefitting, to ruin someone as lovely as her. But I just couldn't wait another moment to get her inside of me. "*Farvel og takk*," I say. Goodbye, and thank you. 