
Stepping slowly and lightly, I walked through the house at ease. Today was not the day to start fights with Rascal or Buddy; today was not the day to jump to High Places and lounge in the warm sun. Despite this, I ran my tail along Buddy's long snout as he slept on the giant cushion bed he'd gotten years ago as a puppy. He snuffled, and boofed in his sleep, paws still twitching as he chased or played or ran madly in his dreams. Rascal, settled in the slash of sunlight slowly growing on the kitchen floor, lifted his head in surprise as I stepped close, and watched me with pupils wide as I sashayed through the door frame to the living room, then on toward the bedroom. This was not his day for rulebreaking. This was mine. Mama was in bed, soundly asleep beneath several layers of blankets, her breathing slow and deep. I paced the room, measuring it again and ensuring nothing had changed, then leapt noiseless to the foot of the bed and paused, paws dimpling the duvet. One purposeful step at a time I walked along the very edge of the bed until I got to Mama's shoulder. I watched her for a moment, then leaned in to rub my cheek along her nose, firm pressure but small gentle strokes. She moved slightly and sighed, so I climbed atop her and curled up on her chest and throat, purring deeply, adding my warmth to her own. Sunlight slanted in through the open window and warmed the room as minutes ticked by, becoming hours, we two nearly motionless and nearly silent, but close in this very uncharacteristic cuddle. I never really let on how much I enjoyed those quiet moments; we're not supposed to. That's just one of The Rules. But today was my day to be a rulebreaker, and my only regret was that I would not be able to do this again next year. The greater the rule broken, the longer the debt must be repaid. ****************** Around lunch time, Sarah went to check on her mother, bringing a glass of water and one of broth. The wrinkled old face was at peace in a way that clutched her heart briefly until she heard the soft inhalation of another breath. Was she smiling? Perhaps she was having good dreams, wherever she was. Coming to stand by her old and failing mother, Sarah saw a circle of fabric tucked under her chin. How had that gotten there? She recognized it as Caspian's collar, and picked it up, rubbing the tag idly as she looked around in mild confusion. Her fingers circled over the face with its name etched large, and the back with "1996-2017" etched rather smaller. Shrugging, Sarah returned the collar to the nightstand where it belonged. *Edited to correct typos* 