
The manhole cover popped out of the road like a beer bottle cap, followed by a black hand. It groped around for purchase and heaved two shoulders into the sun, and even its pure light was soiled by their coke-speckled knobblyness. The man climbed all the way out. Bone poked through his ripped suit trousers. The street stopped what it was doing and watched aghast as with great pains he redescended and clambered back up, holding his own head under his arm. I was leaving the florists' with a bunch of lilies; as this spectral abomination reared into view I wished I would sink into the ground. I had turned 21 that morning, and I was still embarrassed by my parents. "Janey?" the head shouted, and its former right arm pointed at me, like a laser sight falling between my eyes. Then the ghoul's left arm reached out in a motion of embrace, forgetting its head, which slipped out and hit the asphalt with a sick thud. Stumblingly, my father crossed two lanes of traffic in my direction, while his black and blue head, forgotten on the ground, and with one eyeball protruding, cast an annoyed stare in our direction. "Janey!" the head continued to yell at the whole street, while a damp, cold finger touched my cheek "you're all grown up! I always said that you'd grow your mother's cheekbones. OW! OWOWOWOW! FUCK! FUCK - YOU - COCKSUCKER!" I ran out into the street to grab the head, which a passing taxi had sent skittling along the kerb. I looked up and down at the people, people who had stopped everything they were doing to gawp or film on their smartphones. I clutched onto the head trying to control the contorted expression on my face, like a self-hating bank robber surrounded by police still clinging grimly to his booty. I crossed back towards the body, which hung immobile next to a lamp post, like Frankenstein's monster not yet animated. "Well, Janey, ain't you happy to see your dad?" the head continued, addressing my tummy, where I could feel its cold breath. The question was a laden one, such as parents are experts at. Of course I am, I had to say. Of course I have missed you for every one of these ten years. "Of course I am happy to...see you." I looked down, trying to moderate my grimace by smiling, but fearing the effect I was giving off was even more grotesque. One of the eyes was looking beseechingly up into my face, and the other was spinning desperately on the last bit of tangled flesh that attached it to his. "I made it" he said. "It took some bargaining, and it took some beatings, but I made it. Do you know, I only regretted two things in Hell"--I tentatively held the head towards its body, whose eczema covered fingers took it gingerly and held it in place above its neck, from where it looked down at me like a beaten saint--"I regretted first of all your mom, and what I did to her, and second that I didn't spend enough time with you." "Hell is no cakewalk, Janey. They beat you every day, but you never pass out. They remind you of all the shit you did here on earth and, well, I guess you figured by now: I did some shit. Most of it wasn't legal, but that's not the point, it was not *moral*. They make you figure that out, in Hell, just like in the twelve step. Except that the steps don't go anywhere. They're more like a travellator that goes in a circle. And it's shit, and I hate it, and it's my fault. "But while I was there, I remembered a promise I made to you, and I said I'd move heaven and earth, which is all of where I'm not, to keep it. Just one more promise, before the rest of eternity kicks in. When you was ten I told you I'd have that first drink with you when you were all grown up. So I went to the boss man, the man with the horns, you know who I mean. I said, double, triple my punishments, treat me as if I committed a genocide. But give me three hours with that girl of mine so I can keep my promise." He did keep that promise. Even though when he poured the whiskey in it just seeped out of his neck and down his bloody shirt, and spattered out his rib cage in great sobbing bursts, and mixed with his tears of pus and joy. When we were almost drunk, and time was up, he told me to go and not to look back, but I did. I looked back just for a moment, and a crack was widening under his seat, and smoke was curling up into the bar. But he sat there hardly moving, just pouring one last whiskey down the hole that had once been a mouth. Then he vanished, because I had turned the corner. That image stayed with me, though. Because that was the only moment I really saw him, my father. And it explained so much. At that fucking bar was where he had always been, those nights my mother cried and cried and cried. I walked through the city to the graveyard. I walked through brown leaves, the lilies I had bought still cradled in my arms. And I laid them on the grave of my mother. 