
*Initializing strategic mapping software.* *SMS OK. Starting engines.* *Engines OK. Initializing ZED.* *ZED. OK.* Jack sighed. Flipped the switch and waited for the screen to light up. Got comfortable in the enclosed space of the tank. Grabbed the controllers. The screen flashed alive and the familiar voice rang inside the cabin: "Jack! You're back!" "Hey, Zed." The onboard AI system of the tank beeped and flashed. It let out a deep laugh, satisfied. "Dude, I missed you! Where have you been? Where *are* we? It's all dark in here." "We're... we're in a warehouse, Zed." Jack cleared his throat. "Sorry I've been away. It's been... complicated." "Dude. Complicated was rolling through No Man's Land blowing up the enemy fourteen hours a day, but we did that shit! We killed the shit out of everyone, remember!? Remember!?" Moments flashed in front of Jack's eyes. The familiar nausea. Faces, blood, limbs. "Remember that day they attacked us during the night!? You jumped in and I took us out there and we -" "Yes," Jack blurted out. Then he paused. "Yes, I remember, Zed. I remember everything." "What happened? One day you just parked me in this dark place and turned me off. Did we..." Zed's voice hesitated. "Did we lose the war?" Jack grabbed the remote that controlled the gates of the warehouse they sat in. He toyed with the 'open' button, his finger brushing its surface. He didn't press it. "Jack, did we lose the war? Is that why you left me here?" Zed's voice was worried now. *A relationship between a man and his tank is a special one*, Jack had been told, back in training. *You will each be assigned your very own tank with its very own onboard computer. That computer will have a personality. Quirks. Thoughts of its own. And you will befriend it.* *The computer is your best friend during the war. It is more loyal than a human friend. It is stronger than a human friend. It is faster than a human friend.* *It loves you more than a human friend.* Jack sighed. Finally, he pressed the button on the remote and the gate rumbled and shook, then began to rise. "Jack... what happened in the war?" Zed asked again. "Did we lose?" Sunlight burst through the lower part of the opening, expanding as the gate lifted, painting a trail of dust between the tank and the outside world. A white, blinding canvas, the outside world. Too bright to see. Even for Zed. "Tell me we didn't lose, Jack," Zed pleaded, as the gate lifted. "Come on, man. We fought good. The whole world was fighting and we were winning!" The gate lifted. More and more. Sunlight bathed the tank and the floor around it. Still too bright. The opening big enough to go through now - Jack started the engine and began rolling the tank outside. "Jack... talk to me. Did we lose?" The tank rolled past the gate - now fully open - and navigated the uneven terrain outside. Jack shook and rocked with every bump, guiding the vehicle forward. Then he stopped, finally, and the light settled, and Zed had a chance to look outside. There was a silence. "Shit... Jack..." Jack looked too - through the screen, of course. He moved the camera from side to side and took in the view. The barren land all dust and sand. The empty cities of twisted metal and fire. The skeletal buildings, foundations showing like bone crowning from a deep wound. The cars line on the highway. The piles of bodies. The smoke, the ashes. The complete emptiness of it all. The screaming, shrieking silence of it all. Jack wondered for a moment if the radiation was inside him already, if it was already too late. If we could risk sticking his head out. *No.* He wouldn't risk it. Not yet. He had his family to find still, couldn't give up, couldn't die with the world. From now on, he would never leave the tank. Couldn't. He'd have to live with Zed forever, until they found his family or until... ... or until. "Jack... what the hell happened?" Zed's voice asked, broken, as he took in the view. "Did we lose the war?" Jack sighed, looked up from his lap at the wasteland laid out onscreen in front of them. *Zed had always loved a good war.* No, Zed," Jack said, starting the engine again and rolling forward into the world. "We won." ____ /r/psycho_alpaca 