
Dimitri's eyes absentmindedly scanned the room as he flipped a silver coin over his knuckles. His lazy gait carried him to the worn leather chair which was placed oddly far from the large mahogany desk in the center of the study. Smoke billowed, choking the air. A sickly yellow light did little to brighten the room, making the face of the man behind the desk difficult to examine. "Hullo, Dimitri." The raspy, deep voice addressed him in English. Dimitri bowed his head and stood beside the chair. He deposited the coin in his pocket and took a long drag off his cigarette, adding to the smoke in the room. "Sir." "Please, sit." A meaty hand with more rings than wrinkles suggestively gestured at the chair. Dimitri glanced at the brown monstrosity, momentarily debating whether it was a demand or request before deciding it didn't matter. He pulled up his pant legs before relaxing back in the chair. "Do you know why I called you here, boy?" The man held his hands together over his rotund stomach, a cigar wedged between his fingers. Dimitri cleared his throat, his eyes casually assessing the two overgrown men that flanked the desk on either side before he shook his head slowly. "I have job for you. It is time you prove your worth. Your... loyalty." Dimitri was silent for several moments before he uncrossed his legs and leaned forward, his dark hair falling to cover half his face. "Nikolai, may I ask why you think my loyalty is in question?" The man leaned forward, smashing out his cigar in a yellowing glass ashtray. He placed his hands on the desk and sighed. "Do you want to die, Dimitri?" The meathead to the left of the desk shifted, straightening his back. His hands were in rigid fists on either side of him. The man to the right adjusted the automatic rifle he cradled against his shoulder, just enough for Dimitri to take notice. "Of course not, Nikolai. What can I do?" Nikolai stood, running his hands along the desk as he walked slowly around to the other side. He leaned back against it once he was in full view of the man he once trusted. "Kill the woman you love. You do this. For me. And I will let you live." It took everything in him to not react. His heart raced, he could feel his eyebrows relaxing back to the position they were in when he carelessly walked into this meeting. He couldn't speak. "Will you do this for me?" "I..." but the words were stuck. "You have eight hours. You leave now." Dimitri stood, bowing his head stiffly. He walked out the door and left the house, throwing his cigarette into the gravel drive way and began cursing. Pulling out his phone, he tapped in a phone number from memory. His part-time lover answered, her voice coated in honey. "Hey baby... I haven't seen you in days. Come make it up to me." "Tasha, he knows." Dimitri said through gritted teeth. He lit another cigarette as he got into his car. "What the fuck! How can you be sure?" The sultry vixen was gone and in its place a raging hellcat appeared. "He wants me to prove my loyalty by killing you." He had to pull the phone away from his ear as she raged, glass broke as a stream of angry Russian poured out of the phone before it went dead. He sighed as he put the car into gear and peeled out of the driveway, throwing gravel into the fountain. From a window above, the curtain fell closed as Nikolai smirked with amusement before an end table went flying out of another room and crashed into the hedges below. Edit: For Vanity r/WhimsyWrites Edit: [Part 2: Direction](https://www.reddit.com/r/WhimsyWrites/comments/7hvcbh/direction/) Edit AGAIN!: [Part 3: Promises](https://www.reddit.com/r/WhimsyWrites/comments/7lvmlq/promises/) 