
"Just beat the devil out of it." The soft mellifluous voice at first seemed incongruous with the words, a soft giggle suffusing the words, followed by a rapid and rhythmic thud-thud-thud-thud. &#x200B; The sound trailed off as the speaker, a tall man with a soft brown Afro wearing a loose pastel blue shirt and tight jeans, looked around. Bob Ross knew that the room was definitely not the studio that he had been in. The cameras and crewmen had all gone and in their place stood a tall man wearing a vivid purple garb with silver moons and stars all over. His long silver hair and beard obscured his chest down to his waist and was topped with a tall pointy hat in a matching pattern. Blue eyes sat behind half-moon glasses, sharp and knowing. &#x200B; "I am sure you are wondering what the meaning of this is?" The brightly dressed man asked, one arm waving as if to indicate their surroundings. &#x200B; Bob simply nodded his brown eyes meeting the soft blue eyes of the stranger, his time in the Air Force had taught him to be patient and take in everything before making any moves. &#x200B; "My name is Albus Dumbledore, and you are in Hogwars School for Witchcraft and Wizardry. I had intended to find a master painter, but there seems to have been a mistake." &#x200B; "There are no mistakes, only happy little accidents." Bob replied back, his voice soft. "My name is Bob Ross, I am a painter, maybe not a master painter, but a painter. But how did I get here?" The last was delivered with not a small amount of confusion. &#x200B; "Magic. " Dumbledore stated simply, "Please follow me." And with that Dumbledore turned and started striding away, ignoring the open mouthed disbelief on Bob's face. Falling instep half a pace behind him Bob finally spoke as they exited the room they were in, through a large doorway into a wide hallway. &#x200B; "Magic? Honest to goodness magic?" His voice was steady, with a note of questioning but without a drop of disbelief. &#x200B; "You seem to be taking this rather well." Dumbledore remarked as he strode down the hallway and into the large shaft of The Grand Staircase. &#x200B; "I suppose I am. " Bob replied following up a few stairs, and staggering when he felt the stairs below his feet start to move, looking around he saw a tall column filled with moving staircases, shifting from hall to hall, sweeping around. He could see his own staircase shifting too, no longer connected to the hallway he had exited, the end hung out over a precipitous drop only a few steps away. He was also aware of many painting frames lining the walls, in a myriad of shapes, sizes and materials. The only reason he knew they were painting frames at all were the pristine expanses of white canvas stretched between. Why would anyone display a blank canvas, let alone hundreds of them? He mused to himself. &#x200B; Turning to Dumbledore, mouth open to ask a question he met the penetrating gaze of the older man, his blue eyes seeming to burrow into him, shriveling the words in his mouth. "You have noticed then, the frames?" The man asked with a strange tone. &#x200B; "Yes." Bob answered. "Why.." He didn't get to finish his sentence as the staircase juddered to a halt, and Dumbldore's expression changed to one of joy. &#x200B; "Ah, yes. Here we are." He said jovially brushing past Bob, down the stairs the way they had come and down a new hallway, also covered in blank canvasses framed in a myriad of styles and sizes. Sweeping into a large room filled with easels, pots of paints and brushes he spun to face Bob Ross. &#x200B; "Mr Ross, Hogwarts needs your help." Dumbledore proclaimed. 