
"Boss, your 3 o'clock meeting is waiting for you," my assistant said, through the muffles of the phone line. "Sounds good. Let him in." The door opened up, and a man clad in a black suit entered into my office. His shoes rapped against the floor as he approached my chair. "Mr. Evans, is it? I'd take it you're looking for some wish reforming?" "Yes, and I've heard you're the man for the job." "I have a bit of a, say, reputation, among my peers. I've been working on -" "I don't care for formalities," he interrupted, "I came here to get my wishes, and my wishes alone. I trust you've already devised a system to evade any possible exploitations of my given wishes?" "Absolutely. Your wishes were, interesting, to say the least. Wealth, charisma, and immortality. Don't you think you have enough of the former, given... the outfit?" His face turned red, and looked like it might explode into a thousand pieces any second. "Did I ask for your judgement? I found the lamp, I get to decide what I ask for." "Of course. I have the papers right here for the wishes. All you'll have to is read these to the genie and you'll have your wishes." I gave him a pile of papers stacked together, half-haphazardly pushed together. "The papers? This is a book! I only wished for three things!" "Actually, that's only the first wish. Money is incredibly complicated." At this point, he was practically staring into my soul with how much his eyes were bulging. Any more and I'm sure he'd pop a vein. "You've got to be kidding me! Why can't I just ask for a trillion dollars?" I scoffed at him, being sure to over-exaggerate the drop of my jaw. "What type of money? What year? What country? What about inflation? What about the police? Do you seriously not understand how many problems you could have? How would you like the government to come after you, or the money you wished for to suddenly become nothing?" I saw the anger flush from his face as he recognized the flaw in his logic. "Fine. Thank you for your help." He was going to leave, but I couldn't let him go like that. I had to bring my final surprise. "You forgot your other wishes," I said, as I brought out two stacks so high they nearly covered his face which almost impossibly carried both extreme anger and utter defeat. That one never got old. He carried the books out, and closed the door behind him, holding his head much lower than before. When the door was fully closed, and I was sure nobody could see me, a smile filled my face. You see, as a former genie, I knew that they don't twist wishes. But that wouldn't stop me from annoying snobs, and it certainly wouldn't stop me from making a lot of money. 