
*Oh no, no, no, no, not again.* I felt way too rested for the amount of sleep I should have gotten. Looking out the window at the stars alignment proved my fears. I had overslept. Again. My alarm should have woken me roughly a hundred million years ago. Give or take a few millennia. My boss was going to be furious. Unless ... I had diverted an asteroid to that shiny blue planet in the Milky Way before I took my nap. Mind you, it was only a small one. In theory, it should have just been enough to start an extinction level event, not destroy the planet. My alarm clock was supposed to wake me up when the dust had settled. Literally. Afterwards, I would have finished the job by switching off the local star and shutting down this corner of the universe. You see, our job was to maintain *"the cosmic balance"*. Now, don't ask me how that is defined or who came up with the rules, I'm just a small grunt doing the work my bosses assign to me. Our companies job was creating and/or destroying anything from small asteroids, moons to planets and even whole systems and clusters. I had been working for "PD", which was short for "Planetary Destruction", for a few eons. This was about to change if my boss caught me screwing up ... again. I rushed to my cubicle crossing my fingers, hoping I had miscalculated, gotten lucky and 'accidentally' destroyed the planet. We were not allowed to just 'poof' them (which we could do) but were asked to 'properly end' them instead. That meant coming up with a story for every single planet. This time I had decided on a two fold approach. First an extinction level event triggered by an asteroid collision (to get rid of the inhabiting lifeforms) followed by rapidly transitioning the local star to a red giant. I arrived, booted up my workstation and had my fears validated ... again. The planet was still around and even worse, there was still some kind of life on the planet. Which was odd since my asteroid should have taken care of that. I zoomed in further and was shocked to realize it was a new lifeform. A sentient lifeform. *Ugh, they were the worst kind.* "Hey, how's it going?" My boss was walking the rows and had arrived at my cubicle. He tried to gaze past me at my screen. *Oh, no.* "Is that CD-26163-ZX-3AR7H?" he asked accusingly. "Weren't you supposed to destroy that planet some time ago?" This was it, I was screwed. There was just no reasonable explanation I could come up with. I could just poof the planet now, but this wouldn't get me off the hook. I frantically tried to come up with an explanation. "You see, Sir," I started not sure how I would finish the sentence. By pure chance, I pulled up the planets health index and it was dark red. Was the planet dying? On its own? The pause had already been too long, "See, I'm trying out this new thing." *Solid start, but what, what was I trying. Think!* I quickly pulled up the planet's history and rewound the last few millennia. I chuckled. "You see, Sir, I'm trying to automate our job. I put these sentients on the planet and as you can see," I said pointing at the health index and the history of the planet, "they're doing our job for us! They're killing their own planet!" I couldn't help smiling at how stupid they were. Eyeing me skeptical he looked at the data himself but came to the same conclusion. "You know I always encourage you to come up with new scenarios, but please, inform me before you try something new next time," he said moving on to the next cubicle. ****** r/John_writes 