
Our first encounter with an intergalactic species was the perfect culmination of centuries of carefully tailored military diplomacy. We never quite were a species very concerned with the niceties, at least not once the boundless profits and planets to colonize became apparent. Once we reached that conclusion, any other species would never be a partner, be it for trade or for protection. They would always be an enemy, prime for exploitation or extermination. Little bits of history could be pieced together to pin-point where our hunger for conquest originated. Times of tenuous peace always gave way to wars which gave way to immense profits and unimaginable wealth. Wars were waged against our own kind. The foot soldiers needn't ever have worried about the disregard we had for life; it was never about them anyways. Little bits of history could have been pieced together to save the Ro'or, had they ever suspected anything amiss with the mortality of the fleshy lumps we were. To give credit where credit is due, the Ro'or were not a warring species. They had dedicated eons of scientific research towards the good of the universe, unlocking secrets far beyond our wildest dreams. They were a wealth of knowledge, to be trite. They were a wealth of resources, too, ripe for exploitation. So the Ro'or became the target, not long after having initiated diplomatic relations with the most powerful of Earth's leaders. We dispatched them with ease, at least at first, killing their diplomats and envoys just as a proof of concept. After all, weapons had never been their priority. Then things took a turn for the worse, as they inevitably seem to do when humans get involved. As advanced as the Ro'or were, they were able to develop killing machines that outmatched even our own. Luckily for us, as peaceful as the Ro'or were, they sought peace as soon as reasonable; once the population of Earth had been decimated and bodies lay piled higher than buildings as the limited survivors struggled to cope with the onslaught, much less with burying the dead. The Ro'or came then in a magnificent gesture of peace, bringing with them their leaders and make-shift warriors and resources to help repair and reconstruct our war-torn planet once the massive burial ceremonies were complete. What they never seem to have imagined or stumbled upon in their exploration or research was a species that just didn't stay dead. How do you explain to peaceful aliens that not only had we all been infected by a virus that acted as a safeguard against our inevitable demise, but in fact we had cultivated and bred people to carry it? Better safe than sorry, given our propensity for killing each other. The last thing they expected was to find nobody to bury. They scrambled to fight back against the army of the undead, clawing and firing away and desperately trying to save their leaders and survive. It was futile, as resistance tends to be. We really had perfected the systematic elimination of anybody different from us. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 