
Chloe held up her golden ticket to the woman at the reception desk. "I've come all the way from Alaska," she said, barely able to contain the bubbling excitement in her tummy. The receptionist rolled up one of her graying eyebrows in distaste and said nothing. "So, is Mr. Musk here? Will I get to meet him?" "The door to the left," said the receptionist in a bored tone. Chloe skipped across the lobby and knocked. Her tiny knuckles had barely left the door when the red light on the lock turned green. She squealed and turned the knob. The room was small and only held one chair and a large screen mounted on top of a massive glass-encased computer. Tiny lights flashed and faded inside the box, and as soon as Chloe flopped down on the chair, the screen sprung to life. Elon Musk's dark eyes and rugged face appeared on the screen. In the videos Chloe had watched, the man was always smiling and joking around. Now his lips were pursed in a tight minus and his eyes locked in a grave stare. "Hi!" Chloe said and waved. "I'm Chloe. Nice to meet you!" "If you're watching this, I'm dead, and most of my projects are likely stolen or in ruins. The Mars mission was a failure... we didn't expect..." Elon's voice faltered, and he touched his forehead. "Are you okay, Mr. Musk?" Chloe whispered. Elon sighed, and he appeared in a slightly different position, a part of the video clearly edited out. "We didn't expect there to be any viruses on Mars," Elon said and ran his fingers through his graying hair. "We didn't-" Screams and loud banging noises filled the tiny room, and Musk quickly turned away from the camera before the video cut off again and he appeared in a new position. "We made it to Mars, but we weren't prepared..." he said solemnly. "Everyone's infected except me... the doctor said... he said that I'm immune to the virus... he said... my genes are special... If you're watching this, it means we share those genes that we are related somehow." "We are?" Chloe's face lit up. "You need to gather people for a mission..." Musk said. "You need to retrieve this...." He held up a portable hard drive with an engraved SpaceX symbol. "We... awoke something..." he continued. "And they're coming... You'll need this drive. You have to go to Mars." "I'm going to Mars?" Chloe said, her eyes widening. "I'm going to Mars! I turn five tomorrow - what a great present! Thank you, Mr. Musk!" "You now control all of my remaining assets. You are to gather a team and take the last ship. You have to be fast... when this message reaches Earth, they're already on the move." "You can trust me, Mr. Musk," Chloe said excitedly. "I'm going to bring all my friends to help." "Thank you for listening." Another series of clanking bangs came from the speakers and Musk glanced over his shoulder. "Please hurry, the future is in your hands." The video ended and the screen went black. "Don't worry, Mr. Musk, I'll help you get your space-box back!" Chloe said and clapped her hands. ***** r/Lilwa_Dexel 