
"John Harrison, we gather here today because you have been accused of committing eighteen counts of murder. With so many accusations, this trial will determine whether or not you are to be taken out to the guillotine." Judge Matthew Roberts overlooked a packed, sun-kissed court hall, filled with whispering friends and family of the deceased. Armed guards shifted slightly, eyeing the suspect, making sure to keep a hand on their swords at all times. Alone, chained to a wooden post in the hall's center, sat the accused in ragged robes. "May I have a word, before this all begins?" "You will be allowed to defend yourself during the trial." "A word *alone*." Roberts cocked his head. "I beg your pardon?" "I'd like a word alone with you before the trial." "Now, why would I agree to have a conversation alone with a man accused of murdering eighteen people? This is a court of law, son. Learn your place." Harrison looked up at the old man, the chains binding him rattling. "*You speak like a green girl, unsifted in such perilous circumstances.*" The judge's eyes widened as he sat back, glancing to the guards. "Court will be suspended, to resume in fifteen minutes." An already rumbling crowd exploded, booing, jeering, at the judge's statements. He nodded to the guards, who moved to maintain and remove the crowd, smacking a few of the unruly ones up front. It took about five minutes to clear the room out, a thick silence settling over the two men. "You think yourself a clever man, do you?" Roberts asked, clearing his throat and shifting a tight collar. "I take it you understand the situation." "Empty threats." "And yet you removed the crowd." Judge Roberts exhaled sharply, leaning forward. His fat fingers rapped against wood. "You've heard the tales of me, correct?" Harrison pressed. "Surely you have." "Stories are for nursing babes." "Every man has one within him. As I was saying-- the rumors. You must know I cannot tell a lie, correct? A curse of mine." "Curses don't exist." Harrison stretched his mouth wide, sticking a greyish-pink tongue out. Roberts had to lean in, but there was something black on the underside of it. A mark that pulsed, wriggling like little onyx snakes that had been condemned to a life of alien calligraphy. "Stop gawking and ask a question, then, if you're curious." "Did you kill those eighteen women?" Harrison smiled, leaning forward. "No. One of them killed herself, after I was done with her." Roberts flushed. "I'll have your head taken clean off. Mark my words." "Ah, let's not get hasty, now. I've proven my honesty, yes? Then that brings us to the original point." The judge's breaths quickened, and his nostrils flared. "You couldn't have." "Now, now, Your Honor. Ask a question if you want the answer." "I swear to God, if you laid a *finger* on my Ophelia-" "I didn't lay a finger on her," Harrison said, smiling again. "Where is she?" "Somewhere only I will find her; it has no single name. It was not easy stealing her from Parallax without raising an alarm immediately, but, well- your men were closing in, and I perform best when cornered. Did you know she has a birthmark on her left thigh? Oh, silly question. Of course you would." Roberts paled. "You're a filthy rat, Harrison, going after my girl. I'll make sure you pay with your life." "Ah, yes, perhaps. But not today, if you want your lovely daughter back." The wrinkled judge mopped at his brow with a handkerchief. "So, what- I acquit you, and my sweet Ophelia will go unharmed?" "I can only speak the truth, your honor," Harrison replied. "She'll be returned to you in one piece if you cooperate. Hopefully your reputation doesn't suffer too much. You do seem like quite the defender of justice." Roberts shook his head, jowls jiggling, and gulped down all concerns. He would have to trust Harrison, a man who'd spent his life learning to lie while telling the truth. */r/resonatingfury* 