
"Why do you think underwater welders make so much goddamn money?" Ellis asked, but Dean knew he wasn't really looking for an answer. So he shrugged at let his friend continue his rant. " "Because nobody in their right mind would do it - that's why." Ellis took a long drink of his Molson and looked pointedly at Dean. "Makes sense," Dean agreed, "But why are you telling me this? I didn't go to a welding college or get any damn diving certificate. I guess I'm just a sucker who got my MBA instead." He set his bottle on the bar table. The golden wood was sticky, just ever so slightly, but the food there was always hot and - more importantly- the beer was cheap. Ellis shook his head. "No, that's not - I'm not about to slap on a wetsuit and grab a torch, either. I'm comfortable enough in my office even if it is boring as all hell," he said. He took another swig of his beer. Dean suspected he was pausing mostly for dramatic effect. "But do you know who would go down there?" Dean resisted rolling his eyes. "Enlighten me." "Vampires." A bit of beer shot through Dean's nose as he snorted. "Fuck off man, I'm serious," Ellis said. He drew up his face like an angry toddler. "Sorry, sorry," Dean said, still laughing. He dabbed his napkin at the splotches on his sweatshirt. "Think about it. They don't need to breath, so we could just send 'em down there without an oxygen tank or anything. That's half the risk right there." "You honestly think you're gonna convince a bunch of vampires to be underwater welders? I thought they just sulked in the shadows all day, wearing black and shit." "Can't say that, man, it's racist." Dean couldn't hold it back this time - he rolled his eyes. "*Vampires* aren't a race, you idiot." "They're people with a condition," Ellis said, "You shouldn't stereotype." He finished his beer and flagged the waitress over to order another. "That's beside the point though," Dean said with a sigh, "Get on with your grand plan." "No, it kinda *is* the point. There's lot of honest, hardworking vamps out there who just caught a tough break. We find them *meaningful* employment and skim a finder's fee off the top," Ellis said. He looked at Dean. For once, his friend might be serious. "Think about it." Dean leaned back in his chair. "Well," he said as he turned the idea over in his mind, "I guess it's usually pretty dark underwater. It might not be the *worst* idea ever." Ellis nodded and his face cracked into a smile. "That's only Vampires, man. Think of the possibilities if we get the freaking wolves in on this too..." --- /r/liswrites 