
We never recovered our technology. The tools necessary to keep the internet, TV and other long-distance electromagnetic waves were broken beyond repair after the Blackout. Their corpses in forms of satellites floating above our heads, filling the air with impenetrable static. At the start, nothing much changed. Besides the sad lost of channels to communicate with family and friends, that is. We were made sure that the situation was temporary by the government. But not me, I always worried too much. Enough to stock food for about a decade and finish to build that shelter I started when I thought the world was gonna end back in 2012. I wish I was wrong this time too. Rocket after rocket and space mission after space mission, no one was able to reestablish signal. Every single attempt ended with the catastrophic failure of multiple electrical systems. After some time people even considered going full Dieselpunk. But that didn't fly. When the desperation reached a breaking point and the raids started I was already safe in my shelter. I survived with a lot of canned food and my great collection of books. Much of them bought on impulse and never touched again later. After going through all the books (revisiting some) and half of my food stock I was finally bored. I went out to my old house. Hoping to find entertainment again. Most of it still the way I left 5 years prior. It was a saddening yet nostalgic tour. Remembering all the fun I had with my PS4, my Switch, and all the friends I made playing. The best of them were my WoW party: LoLMaster and his pranks, Sapphire68 and her caring for everyone and TBone, my best friend. We all met in a dragon raid. Out of about 15 players there, just the 4 of us survived and the rest is history. But they could be as good as dead now, with no way of me knowing. Sitting on the chair and turning on the machine I held dear back then I loaded the game, even knowing it wouldn't work. I saw the game loading, slowly, but surely. My heart just waiting for the empty server list to crumble into bits. My eyes watering from anticipation. But there it was. All the servers there. And all of them almost full. A bug for sure. But I pressed on. The game loaded, the scenery in front of my face and my character ready for any command I'd give him. He was a little lower level from what I remember, but being in a shelter for half a decade can scramble your head a bit. Then came a message: > TBone: Hey man. My party and some others are planning to do a dragon raid now and one of our tanks dropped last second. You look like high level enough. Care to join? Edit: Some grammar (not a native speaker, you know the drill) 