
"Honey, can you please sit with us?" Surprised by the request, Marie furrowed her brow and looked over the couch. Marie responded hesitantly, "Sure, I guess?" The last time her father asked a question like this she found out her Nanna had past away. She got up slowly from the couch and realized her mother was also sitting in the kitchen. The five-meter walk felt like an eternity. Marie's mind was racing. She started to cycle through potential worst-case scenarios. *They're going to tell me papaw died. I somehow fucked up at university and have been expelled.* These thoughts continued to cycle through her head as she reached the dimly lit kitchen. She sat at the table and her heart began to pound uncontrollably. Marie started frantically scanning the room trying to get an insight into what her parents were about to tell her. The stained yellow wall paper behind her parents started to make her sicker than normal. The yellow contrast with the dark cabinets always reminded Marie of a 70's horror film. Her parents remained silent. After the agonizing stillness, her father said, "Marie. I am not sure how to break this news, so I am just going to come out and say it. Your mother and I made a mistake. We were under the impression that we allocated your skill points per what we shared with you when you were thirteen. Apparently, there was a mix up at the agency, and none of your points have been allocated." Marie's sun-kissed skin when pale. Her entire facial structure lost integrity and an empty stare replaced her once concerned look. "Let me get this straight. There was a 'mistake' and none of my skill points have been allocated." "Yes, that is correct." "Then how am I a functional human being? I am in the top 1/3 of my class. I have a high propensity for the sciences and have been accepted into graduate school. I am going to NYU next fall. The allocation was pretty straight forward to me. 18/30 Intelligence > Science > Mathematics 10/30 Physical development > Athleticism> Muscular structure 2/30 Sociability > empathy and compassion." Her father closed his eyes and let out a deep sigh. He continued, "Yes, I know what we thought you were assigned. It seems as though that never happened." "So, I have managed to get where I am today with zero allocation of any skill points?" "Well, yes." Marie's expression transformed instantly. A small grin started to emerge. "I have all these skill points that I can still allocate? I have a clean slate that I can fill as I choose?" "Well, technically, we need to do the allocation for you. But, yes, we can choose how your skill points are distributed. This has never happened, so they are unsure of how this will affect you." Marie's roller coaster of emotions started to become grounded once again. She had trouble comprehending the numerous potential consequences to this revelation. She looked up at her parents and could tell they were concerned. Marie looked down at the table and began to reflect on this crazy evening. *Fools. They are going to regret ever screwing this up. I'll present a plan that seems mutually agreed upon. With my current intelligence, if I can add just 20 points, I can rule this world.* Marie looked up with a disarming smile and said, "Mom. Dad. Its ok. I am not upset. Like you said, this is unfortunate, but we can sit down to formulate the best way to allocate my points." Her parents looked immediately relieved. Marie's mother finally joined the conversation, "We are so glad to hear you say that. Now we can make our little princess even lovelier." Marie smiled back, but the lack of empathy in her eyes caused a shiver to run down her father's neck. ###Part 2 in the comments### 