
I was just trying to have a beer. It had been a long day. These two weirdos kept looking at my table. One of them kept ordering lots of water, the other made a bit of a fuss about the bar, the fucking bar, not having yogurt. If you go to a bar and they do serve yogurt, you should be wary. I should have been wary. 'Look at the outfit she's wearing.' The thought crossed my mind as I eyed her coming out of the restroom. She was with me. Those curves, those tits spilling up and over that low cut top, those heels clacking on the floor, that hair that sultry hair that played with her shoulder, those nails...those nails that had a napkin between them. What was written on it? She laid the napkin down at my booth. The word was clear: RUN I was halfway down the block when I heard the first gunshot. There were two thoughts that entered my mind at that exact moment, 'Probably the yogurt guys,' and 'How can burger joints afford to sell burgers for a dollar?' The latter was triggered by a bullet hitting a nearby Wendy's causing the glass to shatter. Dave's not going to be happy about that. I swerved around the Wendy's. There was a guy eating in his car in the parking lot and a wall. One of the two would help me, and it sure as hell wasn't the weirdo in the car. I hopped the fence. Not your typical chainlink fence; this was one of those white brick wall deals, shrubs at the top. Okay so two yogurt and water loving guys are shooting at me. Why? I wasn't an agent, or spy, or Bourne type of guy...I just liked to play video games and chill out most of the time. I ran behind some apartments; there was only roads, the Wendy's and the apartments around. There was a strip club about a mile away. Was it the strip club? I hid behind the only logical place I could find to hide, the dumpster. That's the thing with logic, it doesn't exist completely when you're scared and pumped full of adrenaline. The dumpster was the first place they'd look. "We know where you are, commrade!" The voice was Russian. Russian? Was I a spy? Maybe I was a sleeper agent. "You'll never make it out alive, American!" this voice was different than the other. 'Fuck it,' is basically what you think when you're walking in to inevitable death. I came out from behind the dumpster with my hands up. "You've caught me, commrades. My life is in your hands." The two men looked at each other. I looked at them. One had a bit of stubble; the other, a bit of shame, both wore confusion...then submission. Stubble put his gun down first, "It can't be. You are--you know the code!" So there are a few things you can do when Russians, that once tried to kill you, decide you're in the know. You can deny it up and down and surely meet your death. You can fight your way out. Or you can finesse them and try your hardest not to fuck up. "I know many codes," sweat fell from my wrists, "Up." Shame piped up, "Up," he was in awe. "Down," I lowered my eyes. "Down," said Stubble. "Left," I wasn't sure how this was working. "Right," Shamey boi. "Left," I looked at Stubble. "Right." "B," my shoulders perked. "A," they both shouted. Their eyes had a soft film grown over them, a glossy hue that only a keen observer or a graphic designer would notice. Luckily for me, I was both. "Shoot each other." There was a lot of blood. I had no idea what happened to my date. Maybe I'd catch up with her later and see what the hell was going on. There was only one thing that I wanted. Before the police came, I went inside Wendy's and got six dollar burgers. Not a six dollar burger; six burgers at one dollar each. Which is still scary and amazing all at the same time. Edit: Weary to Wary 