
Names have ancient meanings, but that doesn't really matter. For the most part, no one remembers them; and meaning only really matters in the mind, down at the hidden levels in which the universe really dwells. What names really mean depends on the person to whom they're attached. After all, how many Michaels, Marias and Mohammeds have you known in you life? What comes to your head when you hear each of those names, just the name, with no context? The most famous person who bore them, maybe; the Prophet, the Archangel, the Mother of God. Or perhaps there was another Maria who touched your own life profoundly, and she's the one who comes to mind? So yes, names have true meaning, the sort of meaning with real power, but it has almost nothing to do with their meaning in some dusty dictionary or guide. Plenty of our ancestors among the ancients knew this well, and stories of True Names, hidden or known or hoarded, are all over the really deep sort of legends that burrow into cultures and never truly let go. That's partly because the ancients must have known about people like me. I'm not sure where the gift, the curse, the whatever-it-is came from. I don't think it quite passes along bloodlines, as I'm adopted and my grandmother, with whom I share no ancestry I'm aware of, had some of my same peculiar habits. She was the one who saw it in me, who taught me to use names with the greatest of care. The names of living things, that is, I can rattle off lists of towns, for example, with no odd effects. Well, living things and certain otherworldly beings she seemed to both venerate and fear, but that would be a (long) story for another time. That's not to say I was a perfect student. There have been incidents, which probably taught me more thoroughly than even the harshest lecture from the old woman. The first of these taught me that relegating my own true name to legal documents and using a nickname wherever possible was absolutely imperative. When asked my name by some official or clerk, I'll simply spell it out, and confirm when it's said back to me. In social situations, I use the nickname. I could handle hearing my own name unbound better than most people, of course, but I still find the experience...uncomfortable at best. Other kids made fun of the way I avoided their names at first, when I was younger and more awkward about the whole thing, but by the time I graduated High School I'd mastered my constant coining of affectionate, slightly teasing nicknames for everyone around me, turning it into an endearing quirk. People like being noticed enough to have a new name made just for them, I've found, so long as it's not actually cruel. I had to be careful that whatever I came up with didn't become too widely used, though, lest it start to gain real power of its own. I've been able to prevent this in my own case only by constantly (and silently!) reminding myself of my original name, so that the really deep meaning stays concentrated there. Then I graduated college, and things got more difficult. Though not *that* much more difficult-- --until now, standing on this stupid metal bench in front of approximately one hundred coworkers, given a silly honor for some fleeting accomplishment. At first I think, well, maybe I can use their nicknames, but I'm still so new here, I haven't had time to develop that kind of rapport with any of these people. I've come up with some names, sure, but I haven't used them yet. No one would know who I was talking about. Still, maybe the embarrassment would be worth avoiding the alternative? But no, the head of HR is giving me that professional frown that says I'm taking too long, wasting dozens of people's time during this small interval of mandatory fun. *Fuck it,* I think, reaching in to the jar with my eyes closed to rustle out one of the little folded slips. *Maybe it won't be that bad, sometimes it isn't, sometimes it's even pretty good, and at least it will make this whole picnic one Hell of a lot less boring.* I lift the paper from the mass, shaking off a pair of hangers-on before unfolding it and reading the name. <continued> 