
I have always considered myself an easy-going man. I remember, my fifth-grade English teacher, Mrs. Alexander - a grey-haired woman of fifty-something, or thereabouts - once wrote in my report card that I was a "calming presence" in the classroom, a "patient partner to others, though something of a loner himself." My parents agreed. I was never one for tempers, never short-fused or easily frustrated, no matter the stimulus. And I had good reason to be, perhaps. Dad certainly was. I tell you this not to boast or otherwise demonstrate some sense of inordinate pride in a characteristic unworthy of much attention, but so that you will understand how unexpected it was to find myself standing in front of a room of people, yelling at a beautiful woman. Brian had invited me, and I had reluctantly accepted, having refused his invitations too many times in the past. He was a centaur: half-man, half-horse, and an earnest and conscientious colleague through and through. I would have felt bad refusing him again. Thus, I found myself sitting in "conference room B" of the Meadow Hotel, listening to a half-elf talk about how hard it was to live in a one-species world. She was small - the human in her, I suppose - but her hair was long and blonde, her eyes blue, her lips red, and her ears slightly pointed at the tops. Her skin was warm and flawless - pale but perfect, creased only in the curved dimples at the corners of her mouth. She was, I will repeat, beautiful beyond belief. I am not beautiful. This has been remarked by others, of course, but for the sake of justifying to some small extent what I am about to explain to you, I feel I must describe my own unfortunate looks. My father was an orc, and while they are not unpleasant looking in themselves, a rather perturbing result arises when orc genes are mixed with human. The effect is a child who looks... well, like me. Honestly, I don't really remember what it was she said that caused the snap. She had been talking in the light and sing-song voice of the elves on the difficulties of looking like an outsider, when I had risen out of my seat with a laugh so unlike my own that I hadn't even been aware that it was me making the sound until it stopped. She looked at me - they all did of course, including Brian - but it was into her clear blue eyes that I stared back, ranting, raving like a madman, about growing up with a face like mine, and teeth like mine, and eyes like mine, and hair like mine, and while I did, she just looked at me until the tears filled her eyes and spilled onto her porcelain cheeks and perfect chin. She looked, and I ranted, but I wasn't talking to her. I was talking to Jessica in fourth grade, who had said she'd liked me because the other girls dared her to. I was talking to Mr Jones next door, who had looked at me sadly through the windows when I took the weekly trash out, occasionally waving a pitying hand. I was talking to Tommy, who had sworn we'd skip the prom together seeing as I'd never get a date, but then took Sarah, our only other friend. I was talking to my dad, who I loved so dearly, and hated at the same time. I was talking to everyone. I was talking to no-one. But mostly, I think, I was talking to myself. When I was finished, no one said anything. The room was silent. Halflings held half-empty cups of coffee and half-eaten biscuits, frozen in time. Frozen too, I looked at Brian, but he looked away. The only person who would meet my eye - who hadn't stopped looking, in fact - was the poor, beautiful woman I had verbally attacked for no other reason than my own stupid experience of life. She looked, and I looked back. And before I could apologise, she wrapped her arms around my waist, pushing her face into my chest, tiny against me. I could feel her desperately whispering words into me, but I couldn't hear what she was saying, just the movements of her mouth, the same two movements again and again. Then she took a step back. She smiled up at me, her eyes thick with tears, and it was so beautiful that it sometimes still hurts to think about it. Her name is Clara. 