
At first, no one really knew what to think. I mean, how does an entire country, a massive one, drop off the face of the earth like that? No contact. Any missions, squads, caravans, drones, hitchhikers, boats and even animals that crossed that border disappeared, instantaneously. It didn't take long for the military to start putting up walls, defences of all kinds. Talks of supernatural beings flooded the northern states, and parents kept a closer watch on their children, for fear of needing to run. Stocks plummeted and flew, and traders rushed to make hasty adjustments to their imports and exports, while family members desperately tried to reach the citizens of the frozen country. The defences were built slowly at first, cautionary lines like increased process customs, more frequent and better patrolled, but as the weeks wore on and not a soul was heard from, people became agitated, as people do when there is no change. Alaska has always been in great communication. What with the constant military training, their frequent partnership with Canadians, and the general proximity, it was always assumed that they would know what's up. And for a while, they sent details. "The people are staying inside, we think...things look normal, but without anyone there... it's just creepy, footage will start and then cut out...the squad never came back...." and other comments were muttered, but as the weeks drew into months, Alaska's communications became more sparse. The message never changed, just a ghost country that eats whatever enters. The messages drew short, and more distant, until finally three months had passed with no message. This is when America really built up their defences, preparing for the worst. They had long since began to believe the Canadians dead, because who could live inside that long, without ever coming out? And why did no drone, person or thing ever return, not even the monarch butterfly, known for its migration, suddenly cease it's journey? Russia had followed a strict schedule to enforce it's northern boundaries, spreading like wildfire until they had established a clear line across the freezing grounds. Their communication with the States became more open, distinctive improvements, some would call it. Of course, the rest of the world was watching, helping, holding summits and conferences and doing their general political thing, and private companies were making a killing off of the peoples' fears. They were selling drones, anti-Canadian protection, boating companies patrolled the coasts from a distance and even a couple places sold t-shirts, like "My mom went to Canada and didn't even send me a T-shirt" jokewear. But on the year mark, from when Canada went dark, a message came from Alaska. "Leave us. Reinforce the border. Don't ever open it." America wasted no time, and plenty of other countries kicked in to help. With a supernatural enemy in common, they had begun to find ways to work with each other better, and a world wide agreement was signed. No one was to ever go near Canada again, for fear of contamination, and large penalties were put in place as a precaution. The world had abandoned Canada, it's residents, and Alaska. Cement walls, 10 feet high and barbed wire on top walled the country in from all sides, and a unique "Canadian Protection Taskforce" was erected, an international guard to protect the world from what had been nicknamed "The Frozen Hell". Slowly, but surely, the world began to return to a new semblance of normal, learning to cope without the large, dark wasteland that was once a bustling young country. And as the Earth began to forget, the Canadians began to move, en masse. To the weed stores, the bars, and back into their routines, all shapes and sizes...and deep within this frozen Hell, somewhere in an over decorated hip Ontarian bar, with the Governor of Alaska and a craft beer by his side, Justin Trudeau kicked up his rainbow socks and said, "I told you it would work." 