
I took a deep breath. "Ok, here it goes. This one will get upvoted for sure." > Hogwarts has a new teacher for Defense Against the Dark Arts... and it's Satan. The Devil shook his head. "Look, we just talked about this." "Yeah, but it's a Harry Potter prompt," I argued back. "Everyone knows those are the best. You only said not to make prompts that are *just* about you." He closed his eyes and rubbed his temples. "No. I *said* that you need to stop putting me into your writing prompts. *Any* prompt; even awesome Harry Potter prompts that some authors really seem to love. Got it? Try again." I tapped delete on the submission box and thought about it for a second. > Two people are having a discussion at the last moments of planet Earth. "Good!" Satan read over my shoulder. "Open ended, leaves plenty of room for writers to take it in whatever way they wa...." But I wasn't done typing. > And it turns out that they're actually God and the Devil. "Come on!" Satan burst out. "Seriously, again? How thick are you?" "But it's a good prompt!" I shot back. "No, it's not! You put the fucking twist in the title! Now if someone tries to write a different story about something cool like trying to evacuate the planet, then they're going to get downvoted for not following the prompt!" He thumped a fist on my desk, causing the keyboard to jump in the air. "Now do a real one this time." "Fine." I set my hands back on the keys and thought about it for a moment. > A serial killer realizes that his date is also a serial killer... and they are both inspired to kill by... "I swear, if you type what I think you're going to type, I will smack you silly," Satan growled. I deleted that, but already had another idea in my mind. > Batman sees the names of Pokemon floating over the heads of every citizen of Gotham... "Whatever," Satan said with the most exaggerated eye-roll possible. "I don't even care anymore, as long as I'm not in it." > And realizes that it is the work of the Devil! "That's it. I'm going to get the mods to ban you," he growled. "Oooh, that's a good prompt!" I replied. "Satan needs a favor from the moderators, and he offers them a deal...." "What is wrong with you? Look, it's really not that hard." He wrenched the keyboard away from me. > Aliens conquer Earth and destroy civilization; the only humans left to resist them are primitive tribes in Africa and the Amazon. He shoved the keyboard back at me. "There. Easy upvotes, and without even mentioning me, OK? Submit that, and you'll get plenty of great stories. People love that /r/HFY stuff." "Fine," I answered. Satan turned away for just a moment, and I typed as quietly as possible: > and their only hope is to make a deal with Satan "*Now* it's good." I muttered to myself. "I give up," Satan said, throwing his hands in the air. "I just... fuck you, man." "Hey maybe my prompts are shitty but at least it's not one of those stories that ends in a blatantly obvious cliffhanger where the person is clearly trying to goad readers into asking for a part 2 so they can advertise their subreddit," I told Satan. "Those are..." We were interrupted by a hammering knock on the door. "Uh oh..." Satan whispered under his breath. ---- Part 2 maybe on /r/Luna_Lovewell???? 