
When I got home, my wife was already in bed watching TV. She barely answered when I greeted her with a kiss on the forehead. "Bad day?" I said, and after taking off my clothes, I joined her. She snorted. "Bad day? Terrible day. I swear this asshole keeps interfering with my job, and my boss is mad at me. I don't know what to do, honey." I frowned, drew an arm across her back, and she rested her head on my shoulder. "You've been too stressed lately, sweetie. I'm sure your boss will understand if you speak to him?" "He won't. I've already spoken with him, and all I got were swear words and an ultimatum." She rested her hand on my chest. "An ultimatum? I'm not sure if I'm following, sweetie. You are a cashier, how can someone interfere with that, and why doesn't your boss understand?" I gasped, blood rose to my face. "Wait, is he flirting with you and creating long lines of angry customers?" She hesitated. "No, he--he--he came to rob us three times this week!" Her hand slithered up my neck, caressing it with nails. "You're lying, Laura. What you're saying is utter nonsense." I took her hand away, straightened. "Tell me the truth." In that moment, when her dark, glossy eyes met mine, her hand moved underneath the sheets in a strange way, as if rummaging for something. I frowned, and in the space of a breath, my frown dissolved into raised brows, and my hands jumped to the air. For when she took her hand out of the sheet, she held a gun, and pointed it at me. "I'm sorry, Dave. I didn't want it to make it so messy." "Laura, what--what is this?" I said, my voice brittle, on the verge of breaking. "Ten times you stopped me, and ten attempts it took me to understand you were a better bodyguard than I expected," she said, her voice was cold, devoid of emotion. I gazed at her arm looking for signs of hesitation, but it was perfectly still, and she was perfectly calm. "I didn't want to reach this point, Dave. I truly didn't. But you didn't give me another option." "Wait! I can--I can fail next time. I can fail on purpose!" She shook her head. "You are too good, too passionate to betray your boss. I know you, honey. Besides, that'd be too great of a risk. Do you want to close your eyes, now?" I leaped forward, arms outstretched, to try and disarm her. She pulled the trigger. Nothing came out. I twisted her arm, held the other, locking her in place. "Eleven times, sweetie. Eleven times." I gazed at the door, and shouted, "The subject is under control!" "What is happening?" Laura asked as she thrashed. Victor, Colton and Red burst into the room. They were my boss's other bodyguards. "You should check if the gun is loaded before attempting to kill someone. I've been following you closely, sweetie. I can't believe you were truly going to kill me." "Fuck you, Dave." ------------------- r/NoahElowyn 