
The first house immediately overwhelmed me. The main hall, and all the other rooms I entered, had that specific stank of settled dust and fungi. The smell got stronger the further I walked until I entered what appeared to be the main room. Most of the room had gotten overgrown, dusty, or covered in thin white strings. I softly touched one of the strings, and to my surprise the material was sticky, and when I wiped my finger off it stuck to my uniform. I shrugged and walked forward. *ding* Shocked, I turn around. behind a corner - previously just out of sight - are what appears to be the remains of a digitigrade race. Its skeletal remains were loosely hanging backward over a chair, sitting in front of what appeared to be a big, flat open box of some sorts. *ding* *ding* the weird sounds appeared to be coming from the flat box in front of the skeleton. Curious, I make my way to the skeleton and look at the box. It has a black screen on the open side and over 50 different keys with Zergian signs and letters. I touch one of the keys, and the box starts blowing air. A cloud of dust flies from the box, and the screen lights up. On the screen, a picture of another skeleton. For a second, I thought that the box was showing a picture of the skeleton in front of the box in real-time, but when I pushed over the remains the image remained. *ding* I put on the built-in intergalactic translator, and the keys and all the writing on the screen slowly started to change. I pressed the escape key, and the image shrunk to a smaller size in the right bottom corner. A blue-white box now filled most of the screen. On the top, the word "babe" followed by a weird red shape. *ding* All the way to the bottom left was a weird rectangle with a giant red M in the middle. Next to it, an orange circle with a number over 19k. I clicked on it, and another box popped up. An image of a young Zergian popped up. Its name appeared to be "Simone". the 19k messages pop-up disappeared, and I started scrolling through the box. it had sent over a thousand different messages, all saying "hello?", or "hey?", or "are you there?". "Greetings," I reply. "my name is Zh.19, and I'm from another planet." three moving grey dots appear under my message. "Cool! I'm Simone" suddenly replace the dots. "Hi Simone. I'm looking for survivors of the Zergian race, your race." I say. "That's cool, what ru doing today??" appears Confused, I stare at the reply. She doesn't seem to take me seriously. "I'm trying to save the last remaining Zergians as to not make your race go extinct." I send back. "Lol! that's cool. I'm studying, but I hate it!. it get's so boring. Wanna do something fun? ;)" I'm starting to get frustrated at its' ignorance. "Who are your leaders or kings? I want to get in contact with them." I type "Haha! I'm studying biology. It's really difficult. I need a short break though. Have you ever chatted over cam before?" I take a deep breath to not get pissed off. "I haven't. do you perhaps have another way to find other Zergians?" "Alright! Cool! please click on this link [to meet me](https://imgur.com/gallery/UaNm6fv)" I shrug and move the cursor to the link, and press the enter key. The screen goes white for a second, and suddenly pitch black. A white skeleton appears on the screen and starts flashing the word "hacked lol". Confused and frustrated at the event I stare at the box and decide to leave the house. I hop in my ship and start to prepare for traveling to the next planet caught by the Galactic storm. Maybe Zergians weren't worth saving anyway 