
You know the only thing more disappointing than being powerless in a world full of people with superpowers? Nothing. Sorry, I'm channeling my father who never missed an opportunity to tell me that hilarious joke. Funny guy, right? Like father, like son, meaning I'll probably grow up to be a worthless, sailor-mouthed drunk, minus the superpower of curing hangovers. Even something as trivial as that would have helped me fit in. "Fucking weirdo," he says after his joke. It's his little nickname for me. Realistically speaking, nobody cares. Most people don't even notice, kind of like a micropenis. It just weighs you down - figuratively, because having nothing there can't actually weigh much - crippling your confidence and rendering you incapable of cultivating a proper relationship because you're afraid that your little secret might slip out. Puns intended. In truth, everybody just goes about their own lives, protagonists in a story nobody will ever care to read. It's like the biography of a child in the 1100s. Brief and meaningless. Well, it was just that meaningless-ness that took me to that point of no return and I found myself dejected and depressed on the roof of a building in the middle of downtown. If anybody were to ever notice me, that would have been the time. It would have been enough to convince me to step back from that ledge. I would have been saved in the nick of time. All that generic bullshit you only see in rom-coms jam-packed with plot holes and plot armor that don't exist in real life. No such luck. I stepped off the edge, or maybe I jumped. It was a long ways down. Enough to think back on my brief and miserable life and realize that this was not a mistake. And then I felt an impact. It wasn't the bone-crushing impact that I imagined the pavement to be like. You know how they say that hitting water from a height feels like hitting concrete? I figured that meant that hitting concrete from a height would also feel like hitting concrete. Instead, it felt like fabric, and then I ripped through the awning of a balcony that had definitely not been there moments before and I landed safe and sound just one floor down. Years of being tripped at recess had taught me how to fall properly so it was unfortunately painless. I jumped again. Another balcony. I felt like an idiot this time so I checked below me, two stories down to the street. I confirmed that I would be landing on the pavement. No doubt about it now. So I jumped one more time, and a garbage truck just drove by and I felt myself nestle into the reeking piles of bags and waste. So there I was, safe and sound, minus whatever flesh-eating bacteria might be found in the back of a garbage truck. I pulled myself out, cursing my life and wishing for this misery to end. And then I tumbled over the side, landing in the middle of the busy boulevard. Cars whizzed past, swerving to avoid me. Pedestrians shouted at me to get out of the road. And then I saw the oncoming bus. A wall of metal hurtling towards me at sixty miles an hour had never seemed so sweet. But the driver slammed on the brakes and tires screeched and cars piled up behind him, the sound of metal crunching against metal a horrible cacophony taunting me that it wasn't me being slammed by several the weight of a fifteen ton bus. I staggered to my feet, sadly confirming that I was still alive. My ever-pleasant father was as drunk as always when I got home. I smelled of trash and urine - only one of those my own - and I was belligerent. I yelled at him. I egged him on. He came at me with that frying pan and somehow missed and it ricocheted off the table and he knocked himself out. I shrugged and showered and went off to bed, powerless as ever but a bit amused at life's insistence to keep me alive. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 