
"Do you want another cookie, Mrs. Bobble?" "Why, yes, Lisa, I do. I do love biscuits with my tea." I said. "Biscuits?" the little girl said from across the table. "That's what they call them from where I come from! Cookies are called Biscuits!" "I think Cookies is a more fun word!" "Well, we are both entitled to our opinion dear. Now pass me a cookie." I did really liked her cookies. They were just Oreos she had snuck in from the kitchen when her mother wasn't looking, but they tasted delicious none the less. Of course, her mother was rarely ever looking. That's what I was here for. To look after her. I guess this was the Lord's way of making me happy. My daughter was pregnant when I died. I was so happy. I hadn't always been the best mother, but I guess I could be a good granny. But I passed before I could see her child. I wonder how she's doing. Cancer really ruined my plans for that, heh. But as I passed away in her arms, I was ready. I saw the light and was prepared to accept His judgement. But I ended up here, with little Lisa. An esteemed participant of her tea party. Along with Mr. Fluffles the teddy bear, her old Barbie doll and stuffed chimp we called Charlie. Lisa's mother was never really around from what I've gathered. I can only see what Lisa sees, hear what she tells me. And a 6 year olds are not exactly ones to pay a lot of attention. From what I could gather, Lisa's mother, Sharon was just happy that I was fairly normal as imaginary friends go. Lisa just told her that Mrs. Bobbles is an old British woman who likes tea and biscuits, she didn't think much into it. Luckily, my world isn't limited to tea parties. I float after her to school as well. She doesn't really talk to me on the bus. She prefers to talk to her best friend, Karen instead. Karen always pretends she can see me as well, just to humour Lisa. I find it very adorable. I just sit in the back and listen to her chatter on, like the little sparrow she is. I listen to all her lessons, and sometimes help too! But never during the tests! She has to learn somethings on her own! And then I sit and watch her play with friends during recess. Sometimes she waves at me too! Her friends think it's weird, but I think it's cute. Watching over her makes me happy. But one night, as she drifted off to sleep, I saw a white light against my eyes, which quickly flashed away. I knew my time had come. Lisa didn't need me anymore. Or maybe I didn't need her now as well. Whatever the case may be, this was our last tea party. "I have something to tell you, Lisa," I said. "Another cookie?" "No, no. You put yours down too! 3 cookies is enough! Or else your teeth will rot." "Oh. No troubles! That means the tooth fairy will come sooner!" "Oh my. Don't think like that! Anyway, what I wanted to talk about..." "You're going away aren't you?" "How did you know?" "I dreamt about it last night. Please don't go." "I have to Lisa. I think my purpose here is now done." "What was your purpose?" "To make you happy, I think." "I think you did a good job Mrs. Bobbles. But if you go, I'll be sad." "You'll have to be happy without me, Lisa. Just like me, everyone is here only for a little while. I got a second chance, and now I have to go. People important to you will come and go. But never be sad that they went. Be happy that they were there." "I understand." "Really?" "Yes. Now, before you go, have a cookie. I mean biscuit!" "Thank you, my dear." And with a bite into the cookie, I was gone. r/WaffleWrites 