
The major conglomerates got into a position where they were able to buy countries. It started out small like private islands but soon turned to purchasing 3rd world countries. These companies promised their population a better life as long as they work, buy, and live at the corporate facilities. It took years, but soon all major production of goods and services were handled by these *corporate nations*. These 3rd world countries quickly 1st world countries. Majority of them are more or less self-sufficient, investing in technology, processes, and resources to develop the country and its people. The investment led to products being produced faster and cheaper, which led into selling them to markets around the world at lower prices. Traditional corporations in government countries weren't able to compete due to slow response from governments in creating new laws and regulations. This would lead into the great *Trade War* and the *Greatest Depression*. The Trade War was a result of the G20 banning corporate nations from buying/selling goods & products in G20 countries. This was a direct response to several traditional companies closing their operations because they weren't able to compete. While it helped in the short term, the longer term effects of banning corporate nations turned disastrous when traditional corporations decided to start charging more for their products due to lack of competition. This devastated the global economy and triggered the *Greatest Depression*. While the government controlled countries were dealing with the effects of their own regulations & laws, the people in corporate nations suffered. The corporate nations started losing profits due to the ban of sales in other countries, as a result they had to increase their own prices of products. The increase of prices caused workers to work longer hours in order to survive, it was the cycle the people found themselves before the corporate nation. Work, in debt, work more, and die. Like most companies, these corporate nations only cared about the bottom line. Even after the greatest depression when the corporate nations found out how bad they can treat their people without a risk of rebellion, they continued to keep these new work hours and prices. When consumers can no longer afford to work and buy products in government run countries, traditional companies started closing down again. This led to corporate nations wanting to buy out closing companies and add them to their large umbrella of networked companies. Nations like AppleMart, Alphabet Inc, and ToyotaFoods started purchasing large amounts of closing companies just so they can shut them down, since they weren't allowed to operate in those countries. This would soon lead to countries selling off chunks of land to these corporate nations for expansions, places like Alaska and Hawaii were soon no longer part of the United States. Over the next decade, majority of traditional governments have sold off their countries to different corporate nations and have become obsolete. Now these conglomerate corporate nations are alone together, they warred against themselves. War advances society through technical advancements and achievements. Alphabet was already automating the process of birthing humans in order to create more workers, this process was tweaked to make soldiers. Humans bred to fight through enhanced experimental treatments and hormones. AppleMart relied heavily on their personality questionnaire, that'll place people in their optimal career. The war itself was uneventful and led to the great merge, uniting all corporate nation into a one world Conglomerate. This is where society is now. Over 75% of the world is owned by the Conglomerate nation. 15% of the world have been developed as a wasteland for exiled citizens of the Conglomerate can roam and live off of. The other 10% of the world is filled with self-sufficient countries that have a government type system in place like China, Russia, and tribes in Africa. In the Conglomerate nation, everyone is birthed and raised on a farm. Mothers & Fathers are replaced by machines, and when they turn 18 they're given a choice. Work for the Conglomerate or become exiled, as long as one passes a personality test they'll be able to do whatever they want. I chose exile. ---- I walked in one direction for as long as I can manage, convinced I'll eventually find something. Ruined cities, ghost towns, and resource drained land were already purged by the thousands before me. Eventually people found me and welcomed me into their co-op. The co-op is a democratically run society, everyone providing for everyone without the forced labour and quotas. It's what the corporate nations first represented, an easier way of life while working for the great good. I became a historian, and was sent from my co-op to travel the wasteland and meet with other co-ops. Eventually I even met with the government officials of Russia and China, and when I told of our new process they both answered the same way, but in different languages. *Welcome to the family comrade.* 