
What's worse than being a part of a family that rarely gets along or sees eye-to-eye? Being the only member of that family who could truly be considered normal by traditional human standards. Older brothers can be hard on their younger siblings at times; it's like an unwritten code that says they have to torture you out of love. Now imagine having an older brother who's literal existence is geared towards torture, mischief, and evil. You think having the toilet flushed while your in the shower is shitty? My big bro can superheat the water in the pipes instantly, so my personal hygiene was low on my list of concerns when he was around. Of course, my little sister was always there to heal the burns and scorn my brother for his pranks. The shining star of the family, daddy's little girl, and, honestly, a thorn in my side. Look, I'm a normal guy, and puberty hit me just as hard as any other kid with access to the internet. I don't know if she could sense my debauchery, but she always had a way of bursting in on me at the wrong moment and lecturing me on how exercising the sin-of-self-pleasure ten times a day was a waste of perfectly good time to be spent otherwise. Mom, however, took some kind of sick pleasure from my ejaculations. No, not in a sexual way. The queen of death revels in any loss of life, and I guess knowing that her son was spewing millions of potential lives into a dirty sock every day made her proud of me in some strange way. She was usually praising my brother, so, hey, I'll take what I can get. My father, on the other hand, gave me somewhat of a reverse presentation of 'the talk' that I assume most teens get from their dad around that age. Condoms? Birth control? No, sir. Life is a blessing, and dear old dad made it clear that he couldn't wait for me to spread the glorious seed that he'd created in me (yes, I fucking know) and to have dozens of grandchildren running about the house--fast approaching their own coming of age and bringing of life. Living with those four could be, at times, seriously unbearable; when it got too difficult, when I was too overwhelmed, I would retreat to my auntie and uncle's house for a few days. Don't get me wrong, they aren't normal either; however, when you live with entities that are well beyond normal human life, a demi-God and military genius are close enough. My auntie was rarely home, always off overseeing some covert operation in a foreign land, but she always had great advice for me when she was present. Of course, that advice was often drawn up on a white board with codenames, contingent plans, and a Sun Tzu quote for inspiration, but I always appreciated the distraction. Lastly, my uncle H. He's always been the only person I've felt at ease around, even though he has the opposite effect on everyone else that's like me. Exercise was always his remedy for stress and frustration, and there's no better spotter in the gym than someone who could literally bench press the product of all the weights in the building. But most of all, he's always helped me see what really matters in life. "You're family is a pain in the ass," he would say as calmly as he curled my entire body. "I get it, living with *anyone* is hard, and our family isn't made up of just anyone. But they love you, and you love them." "Your brother, as mischievous as he may be, only picks on you because he knows you can take it. He can't help himself, it's his existences' duty to torture, and it helps him to know that he has a mortal he can torment who won't hate him for it." "Your sister, as preachy as she is, only wants what's best for you. She sees the light in you, your unimaginable potential, and she only helps to guide you to becoming the person you want to be some day." "Your mom, well, she's death. She can literally suck the life out of the room when she walks in, but I know that there's one death she's dreading; when your life finally extinguishes, by old age or catastrophe, the queen of death will truly abhor her own existence." "And your father is in the same boat. He will outlive you, and there will never be another you. Even the god of life couldn't create you exactly as you are, because the conditions of your development will always be different. You're one of a kind, as all mortals are, and he only wishes to hold on to some part of you through your offspring--however faint that remnant may be hundreds of years from now." "What about you, Uncle H?" I would say, often with tears in my eyes. "Will you miss me when I'm gone?" He would laugh, a mighty gut chuckle that melted my soul. "I'm a half-blood; I've always desired a pure, Godly existence, but having you as a nephew and your aunti in my life has made me love my mortal side in a way I never thought possible." I'd always end up back at home after a talk with my uncle, more than happy to see my dysfunctional family again. They may be a strange mix of heaven and hell, but they chose me, and I couldn't be luckier. /r/BeagleTales 