
Kevin blinked, and was greeted by the glare of the sun. His sun. He rolled over and scrunched his eyes, peering out the window into the empty world. The Johnsons' sprinkler was going, it's automatic timer ensuring order in a world without the Johnsons. Kevin threw off the covers and opened his window, sucking in a deep breath of morning air. It was always fresher in his world. Today it smelled of grass, sea salt and... Smoke. Not good. Kevin rushed to the front door, not bothering to change out of his striped pyjamas. He reached for the keys to his parent's SUV, but hesitated. It was too slow for something like this. Time was of the essence and he needed to move fast. Mr Johnson had a sports car, that would do nicely. Kevin rooted around in the Johnsons' flower pot for a few seconds before finding the spare key to their house. With practiced hand, he pushed open the front door, exchanged the house key for the keys to the BMW in the garage, and took off in the beastly V10. He already knew the most likely target, the hills acted like a tinderbox during the spring. Yet Kevin was heading in the opposite direction. He'd done this dance enough times to know that one man couldn't fight a fire. Instead, Kevin took off in the direction of the hospital. He drove like a madman with a machete, cutting through backalleys and running lights. None of it mattered, rules were for their world, not his. It took him just under 3 minutes to reach Sacred Heart, not quite a personal best, but not bad either. He parked the BMW in a reserved spot at the back of the hospital and began digging beneath his PJs, pulling out a lanyard filled with keys and cards. There he found what he needed, a blank white card with the words "Sacred Heart - All Wings" written on it in permanent marker. Kevin burst through the back door and into the emergency department, ignoring the drones of machines that had been deprived of their patients. He headed for the stairs and climbed to the roof. At the top was a helicopter; the only one in town. It had been a while since he was last behind the controls -six months or more- but he'd have to make do. As the roaring of the blades echoed forth, Kevin felt a rush of adrenaline. He'd done this before, but it never got less terrifying. In his world, there was no one to help if something went wrong. No one to help if you got sick, no one to splint a broken bone. Kevin shuddered as he recalled a few of the times he'd injured himself in his world. Today would not be one of those days. The whirly bird took flight, with only a slight wobble to Kevin's credit. Visibility was good today, and Kevin immidiately spotted the clouds of dark grey smoke from the hills. The fire was big, 100 acres at least and with no signs of stopping. Kevin started doing the math in his head, it had probably started around 2 or 3 in the morning. He took the helicopter in for a closer look, and was greeted with the turbulence caused by the fire. The helicopter rattled, jumped and dipped, threatening to fly itself into a tree. Kevin's control won out, and he scanned the area beneath him, searching for something that would betray the fire's origin. The smoke was getting thicker now, making it hard to see, hard to breathe. He was getting dizzy and cursed himself for his lack of preparation. But there had been no time, even in this world where all the time was his. Suddenly he saw it, a patch of scarred earth and the jagged remains of a tree stump, the needle in his haystack. He banked away from the flames, back towards the hospital. After another short flight, the adrenaline began to wear off, and exhaustion set in. Kevin dutifully returned the helicopter and refuelled it. Then he did the same with Mr Johnson's car. Finally, Kevin set his alarm, and passed out on his mattress in smoke-stained PJs. ----------------------------------------- John Nolan pulled his fire-engine to the side of the road. There was Kevin, standing in his pyjamas with a cup of coffee and a cigarette at 2am in the morning. Thunder rattled and wind howled as he hopped out of the truck's cab and made his way over to the dishevelled teen. "No fire," said John hopefully, looking out into the dark field beyond. The silhouette of a lonely tree danced back and forth in the dry spring air. "Just wait," replied Kevin, taking a drag from his cigarette. He did. With anyone else, the middle-aged fireman would've begun an enthusiastic lecture about crying wolf, but not with Kevin. He'd never asked the boy about his "hunches," but he wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer. John saw something in Kevin that he recognized in himself, it was the look of someone who'd seen too much. Suddenly, a bolt from the darkness turned night into day, and tree into stump. John immidiately sprang into action, rushing for the fire hose, and yelling orders at his second. Kevin dropped his cigarette and stubbed it out with his slipper. He let out an audible yawn and turned away from the ensuant madness. "All yours," he said. 