
It is a terrible thing which I do. It is a terrible thing which must be done. On the lonely highway south of town when a dog lays crippled on the deep shoulder of the asphalt with legs ruined by the tractor trailer, you drive past and you think: "Someone should do something." In the dark night, the wind of the speeding car ruffles the fur and attempts to drown the whimpers. But in the glow of brake lights there is fear in the eyes of the wounded beast. Fear and pain. And you think: "Someone should do something." When a beast reaches the end of life, it will always refuse to believe that the time has come. It is in its nature. It will fight to the bitter end with teeth barred, and attempt to scurry away with its pathetic, shattered body only to realize that escape is impossible and death is inevitable. That feeble shred of life which attempts to fight is betrayed by the body which refuses to cooperate in the final act of defiance. And you think: "Someone should do something." There is always the faint hope that the cracked shell of Humpty would be put back together, but neither horses nor man can fix what is terminally broken. There is the occasional postponement of the inevitable, but it is a drug induced stupor of half-death with a victim rasping with fluid-filled lungs as it waits in agony for the final moment to come. The fight has fled the creature through faux-peace, but there is only one peace for such an animal. It is the peace of death, and with ashamed, averted eyes you think: "Someone should do something." Someone. Someone else. It should always be someone else who takes the duty upon their soul and becomes the instrument of death when the hands of the weak falter and continue southbound on their highways. It is always the work of someone else to end life. It is not for decent folk to see what is done in the darkest hour. I do something. In final respite, the beast is calmed. The weakened husk at final rest. The tremors stilled. The heart quieted. The hands softly curled in infinite. The blue veins traced through the bony legs are clotted in death. You ask that a beast burdened with pain be mercifully put to rest, yet you would never raise hand to end the torment. So it is best done in shadow. It is best done away from gentle eyes. Let the burdened beast rest. Be it dog or cat. Or man. 