
A haze radiated from the road, wafting up and hinting to Charlie that leaving the shelter of the tree would be a bad idea. Charlie dug deep into his pockets, looking for his phone - but it wasn't there. There was something, however. A bundle of notes with an elastic-band around them. The first note was a white, lined sheet, with a blue scrawl across it that read: "Este es el examen final". He guessed it was a foreign language, and was pleased he recognised the word: "final". It wasn't until he found the monetary notes underneath it, that he realised the language was probably Spanish. He counted the money three times, twice reaching a total of one thousand pesos. He was rich! All he had to do was find a hotel, and he could live holed up in this place - where was he exactly, he began to wonder - for the rest of his life. No more nagging parents, or having to look after his little sister Cindy. He began to walk south along the winding road. The heat seemed to be more severe on the tarmac, so he walked a little way to its side. He wished he had a bottle of water. Or his phone! God, if only he had his phone, then things would be fine - he could take a break and play a round of Hitman Go. But he didn't, he was alone, with only his thoughts for company. And his money. After an hour or so, he heard a distant rumble accompanied by the drifting sound of music. *Rap*. An unusually low riding, white Ford Fiesta came rocking its way down the road. Its windows were blacked out. Charlie hailed it, running to the side of the road and waving his arms frantically. He was so hot and thirsty now - he needed to get into town. This was his chance. The car came first to a crawl, then with a final bounce, a halt. The passenger window rolled down. "Hola, hombre," said a man with shaved hair and dark sunglasses. He gave Charlie a nod. Charlie nodded back. "Hey, my name's Charlie," Charlie said. "Listen, I don't know where I am, but I've got a *lot* of money and can pay you for a ride into town." The man looked at his companion, then back and Charlie, and then shrugged. "Mmm, no te comprendo amigo." Damn, Charlie thought, they were talking Spanish. He quickly concluded he was in Spain. *Somehow* he had fallen asleep in the USA, and woken up in Spain. And now he dearly wished he'd paid more attention in Spanish class. A memory nudged itself free - today was meant to be exam day! He quickly put two and two together, and realised that it could only mean one thing: he was going to miss the exam. He sighed. "Charlie," he said, pointing to himself. "Hotel. Moola. Uh... Pesos.... Dineros! Comprende?" "Charlie?" said the man, his eyebrows raising. "Si si si!" he replied excitedly. "Los pesos," said the man, holding out a hand. "Upfront? Sure, sure." Charlie handed over the wad of money. "Take however much it costs, and give me the change. Comprende?" The man took the money, frowned and then rummaged in a compartment below his seat. He pulled out a small bag filled with white powder. Then, he looked at the burned, sweating boy, clicked his tongue, and exchanged the bag for a much larger one, at least four times the size. "!Buen provecho!" he said, throwing the bag out of the window. The engine roared, the window rolled up and the car pulled away, leaving Charlie open mouthed and pesosless. "Quick," hissed a voice from a bush. Charlie turned to see his Spanish teacher creeping out from behind the vegetation. "What are you doing here, Mr Clarke?" said Charlie, mouth dropping even wider. "Follow me to my car, Charlie. No, grab that bag first, you dunce!" "I'm sorry I missed the exam, Mr Clarke." "This *was* your exam, you dolt. I was watching you. Seeing how you'd cope thrown into Mexican life, in the deep end." "Oh," said the bewildered boy, as he began to make sense of it all. "Did I pass?" "If we get that bag into the USA," said Mr Clarke, "Then Charlie, you aced it." --- Sorry if this offended anyone. It's not meant to be a slight on Mexico (or American schooling), and was meant to be about a boy getting into a farcical situation. /r/nickofnight for more of my stories 