
Everyone used to be so scared of vampires. I mean, I can't blame them for it, the way humans have portrayed vampires is downright terrifying, but it couldn't really be further from the truth. Normally, vampires are supposed to stay away from human contact, we lurk in the shadows, we feed on their feelings, the usual. However, this system has some oversights. It's all fine and dandy to lurk in the shadows if you're okay with living under bridges and in caves. But I don't really like that. I don't know if you've noticed, maybe you have, but I don't know your life. But humans have developed some pretty awesome things that make living a *lot* better. For example, humans have invented this thing called 'Air Conditioning' that regulates the temperature of the air, it's fantastic. I, being the inquisitive soul that I am, learned about all of these things and immediately wanted to have them, I wanted to be the hero that brought these fantastic things into the lives of all my vampire brothers! But humans, the greedy monsters that they've become, say that you need 'money' to obtain all of these things. And the only way to obtain 'money' is to get what they call a 'job'. When I heard that I was quite bothered. "Thanks, I really needed that. I'm getting fired from my job on Monday and I've been really down about it." The man that I had just had my fangs in handed me a crisp $100 bill. I am a vampire, but I'm nothing if not resourceful. After I learned about jobs and making money, I started to hang around more humans, overhearing their conversations, and I realized something. A lot of these people were complaining about their lives, a lot of them were sad. This was news to my ears, and I started to get a great idea. As you may or may not know, we vampires feed on the feelings of other sapient creatures and I specifically, feed on the feeling of sadness. You might see where I'm going with this, but if not, let me spell it out. After I learned that humans want to get rid of their sadness, and I knew that I could be the one to get rid of it, I became an entrepreneur. At first, business was really slow, people thought I was weird, they thought I was in a costume, and they didn't believe what I was selling. But that eventually changed and now almost everybody in Manhattan knew of me, that one vampire that can suck the sadness out of you for $100. Not the most flattering title, but it fits, and now I can afford all of the human commodities that I want. "Next!" I yelled as the guy I'd just helped shuffled away. So, as you can see, we vampires have a special opportunity in the human world. I thoroughly encourage you to all find your special talent and follow my example. Be an entrepreneur, start a business, and provide a service. I promise that the rewards are worth it! &nbsp; --- An anecdote from *The Economics of Vampirism* from the Bookshelf of the Gods. /r/BoTG &nbsp; 