
Walking up the stairs to my flat, I heard an odd, but consistent, thrum. It almost sounded like an engine. I thought about pushing the front door open, exposing whatever it was that my roommate, John Hugh Mann, was up to. However, it was a long day, and frankly, I didn't want the extra baggage of knowing whatever weird or invasive experiment he was running. Rather than opening the door, I sighed, and knocked very loudly and calmly. "Hey John, I forgot my keys, could you get the door?" I asked, feigning frustration as I tucked my keys back into my pocket. The thrum had abruptly stopped, I heard some odd squealing sound, and lastly, John replied, "Sure thing dood, Just a sec!" He spoke frantically and I heard shuffling around. I rolled my eyes, of course. After a minute, John answered the door. "What's up, dood?" He asked, behaving as non chalauntly as a cybernetic alien could while hiding under the skin of a man that, I hoped, had already expired naturally before giving his skin over to John. "Not much. Long day." I said, completely uninterested. "Oh yeah, me too! Lots studying for the exam on Monday!" He spoke confidently, obviously comfortable that his ruse had fooled me once again. "No classes Monday, man. Labor day." I said, beginning to shuffle through the mail that John had placed on the kitchen counter. "Oh of course! What labor will we be performing?" John asked eagerly, wanting to participate in human culture. "Look man, I'm leaving town for the weekend, and classes don't start til Tuesday. So you'll be on your own for four days." I didn't feel bad blowing him off, because for one, he was a *fucking alien*, and two, he didn't actually care to spend time with me. For him, it was all about blending in and pretending to be social. The dude was on Earth to collect as much info on humanity as he could to create an assessment for if and when his kind decided to invade. Of course, they'd do it under a similar disguise as Johns. Unfortunately for them, they thought his disguise was bullet proof since I hadn't wised up to it. John suddenly got serious. "If you are gone for four days for your labor, would you be alright if I had a party?" He'd gotten my attention. "How many people are we talking?" I asked, continuing to flip through the mail without looking at it. "Thirty one. Maybe fifty seven." He said, nervously. I bit my lip. The *only* reason I put up with him was because he paid his rent and did all his weird and creepy shit behind my back. Inviting that many "people" over could ruin my chances at getting my deposit back. I nodded, then said "No." John wasn't too thrilled about that. "It's a study group. I need this for the exam on Monday." He pleaded. Again, uninterested, I replied, "No classes on Monday, amigo." John slammed his fist on the counter top suddenly, denting the marble. I stiffled my terrified shiver and said, "Fine. Have people over, just enjoy yourself, John." I patted his arm and he smiled, unnaturally. "Listen, I forgot my wallet at work, I'll be back in a bit." I said, grabbing my coat. Son of a bitch was going to get my deposit taken away. "See you later, dood!" John waved, staring at me until I closed the door behind me. As soon as I did, I heard the thrum and a squeal once again as he got back to work. Sliding on my coat as I hustled down the stairs, I dialed the local FBI field office. "Hi! Hello! Look, this is gonna sound nuts, but I'm pretty sure my roomate is building pipe bombs in our flat." 