
They were packing. They were all packing. Noah watched them. His father, darting into his room, then back to the living room, stuffing things in a suitcase - not folding it, not carefully putting it, just stuffing. Noah was mad. If *he* had been packing like this, that carelessly, his father and mother would have told him to stop being so messy, to do things right. Why were grownups allowed to do stuff kids were not? It seemed very unfair. His mother emerged from the kitchen, carrying assorted cans. Bean cans. Meat cans. Spam. Tuna. "I don't like that tuna," Noah said. "Why can't we have real food?" "Not now, honey," his mother breathed out, in a hurry. They were all in a hurry. All running around, him, his mother, his father, his sister Bea, his aunt Meredith. Even the dog, Humphrey, that his mother had named after this old black and white guy from old films because she said the dog looked like a private detective like the ones this black and white guy used to play, even the dog seemed in a hurry, following them around, in and out of rooms. "They're saying not to trust the radio, not to even keep it on," his mother said to his father, as they met in the living room, walking from room to room, packing, packing, packing. "They said to turn it off now." "Well, shouldn't we keep listening? I mean, who knows, maybe they'll say something --" "Honey, it's not people talking on the radio. It's *them*. They're lying to us." "Who's them?" Noah asked. His parents turned at the same time to look at him. "Who's them?" he repeated. "Some bad... things. That came to hurt us. But we're not going to let them, okay?" His mother crouched to his eye-level. "They get inside people's head and make them act and talk funny, not like themselves, do you understand?" "Like mind-controlling monsters?" "Exactly. That's why we are not listening to the people on the radio. They are lying. They are not really people, they are being controlled by these... creatures. Pretending to be people." "How do we know who are the real people and who are the fake people?" "Well... we don't." From outside, a loud bang reached them, followed by a crash, and his mother turned back with a start. "But we know we are safe, because we've only been inside the house, okay? We know they need to touch us to make us do things, and no one touched us, right?" "Right." "So we're gonna go to Grandpa Jerry's farm house upstate, okay? We're going to go there, and we should not talk to *anyone* on the way there, and we should not let *anyone* touch us, okay?" "Okay." "Because if they touch you, then they get inside you and make you do bad things. Do you understand?" "Yes." "And that's why we are not listening to the people on the radio. Because they are telling us to stay inside and let our neighbors in if they ask, so that they can get inside our houses and trap us. Do you understand?" "Yes." "They are lying. To get us." "Yes." "Okay, then. Now go pack, honey." "Mom?" "Yes, Noah?" "How do I know you are not lying like the people on the radio?" 