
"Are you busy? Because if you are you can just give me a tea bag and an empty cup, I'll handle the rest." The man behind the counter thanked Bret and gave him his usual tea, a cup and a few packets of sugar. Bret took a seat near the window, not his favorite table in the cafe but his usual one was full, and pointed his left ring finger at the cup. Water suddenly began shooting out of his finger, at first at a high pressure but Bret then lowered it with a bit of effort, until the cup was almost completely filled. Bret then placed the cup onto a small, foldable stand he kept in his infinite pocket for just this occasion, and conjured up a small fire out of thin air to begin heating his drink. As he was doing this a new person entered the establishment, a man wearing a nice suit and hat, both as black as his hair. He sat down across from Bret and asked "Are you the one they call 'The Gatherer'?" "Um, I don't think so, I'm Bret. Nice to meet you...?" Bret asked waiting for the stranger to give his name. The stranger tilted his hat a bit to hear Bret's thoughts, sure that the battle had already began. > *Is that a trilby or a fedora? I can never tell the difference...* "You, uh, don't have to worry about my name." The stranger replied, confused that the man who had collected over a hundred powers was so nonchalant about being approached by a stranger like this. He can't blame Bret for being arrogant though, the stranger had already collected 3 powers for himself and considered himself untouchable. "Anyway, how would you like to play a little high-stakes game?" "Sounds fine, let me just finish heating up my tea." Bret said as the fire on the table rose a bit, causing the stranger to flinch as if expecting Bret to attack. "Not a violent game!" He shouted, causing Bret to almost fall out of his seat at the sudden change to his new friend's demeanor. "Just a, fun game of Rock, Paper, Scissors." The Stranger wasn't stupid enough to try and fight Bret head-to-head, and was going to take full advantage of how a "Battle" can be any competition. He tilted his hat once again to see how Bret reacted to being challenged this way. > *This guy is weird. But if I can win that hat this will have been a good day...* "Rock, Paper, Scissors sounds good." Bret said taking a sip of his tea. "But what do you get if you win?" "Oh we'll both find out afterwards. Deal?" > *I probably shouldn't take deals from weird strangers...* "Deal!" Bret shouted shaking the stranger's hand. The battle was officially underway, with whoever winning a single game taking the other's greatest strength. The stranger took his hat off for a game of this importance. The inner voices of all the strangers in the cafe was loud, but by now he could easily single out Bret's voice. Together they both put a fist out and began- "Rock!" > *I'm going to throw Paper* "Paper!" > *I've never lost throwing Paper* The stranger couldn't believe it was going to be this easy. The Gatherer, the man of a hundred powers, clearly had never picked up a power that could protect his mind! "Scissors!" > *Definitely throwing Paper* For moment the stranger worried if Bret did have a power that allowed him to read minds. But looking into the jovial smile across from him convinced him that Bret was just a simpleton that couldn't think that far ahead to save his life. "Paper covers Rock. I win!" Bret said, covering the strangers still held fist with his own hand. "What? Wait.. WHAT!? No! I wasn't ready! I wasn't focusing! Please, you have to give me another shot" The stranger begged but it was already too late. The many voices he heard in his head were slowly vanishing, while Bret's face was beginning to look strained. The strain, the stranger recognized, of being in an already loud room and hearing the inner voice of everyone around him. Before the stranger was left with only his own thoughts, the last thought he heard was from Bret. > *He seems sad... Maybe Ishouldn'ttakethehat...* 