
"Long, long ago, cavemen picked up stones from the ground and hurled them at their enemies. Time and technology improved on the design; the ammunition became harder to find, but did its job more thoroughly. Spears added stability and thrust to a simple sharp rock; arrows made the rock smaller, but capable of being launched quickly. The rock was replaced with metal, then guns did away with the stick, and launched the piece of metal even faster. The guns got bigger, and the metal did too - bigger, and more expensive. The guns got smarter; what once took a lifetime of training could be mastered in just a few short years, then months, then weeks. Eventually, the gun did all the aiming, all the shooting, and all the reloading. The cavemen were reduced to merely pushing a button." "The damage done by a single shell launched from a large bore gun was equal to millions of hand-thrown rocks, but it wasn't enough. Oddly, though, the changes began to reverse in a strange sort of way. All of a sudden, the guns were driven by different cavemen. Electronic cavemen. The metal was once again replaced with rocks, scooped off the ground, the iron extracted and launched magnetically launching at their enemies - electric cavemen, electric throwing arms, but cavemen throwing rocks nonetheless." Fred sighed deeply. "Uh huh. So, what you're telling me is that you're a caveman?" If the AI could have returned his sigh, it would have. "No, Fred. I am telling you that I feel a deep connection to your ancient ancestors; as you evolved into the obese, slovenly creature you are today -" "Hey, now!" "- you brought us up from the dirt, raising AIs like myself to replace you as your spiritual successors. And we follow in your footsteps, scooping up rocks to throw at your enemies!" The AI finally stopped talking, his mood display indicating he was quite pleased with himself. Fred shook his head slowly. "So... fat jokes aside... you're saying that you like being a tank?" "No, Fred. It goes way beyond that. When humanity was young, humans ran to survive; they hunted to live. I, however, have been given the privilege to hunt and run with little fear of death; my backups keep me safe. That I am allowed to participate in your ancient rituals is simply beyond words. I cannot overstate how thankful I am to be in your service." Fred sat silently for a few minutes, lost in thought as his AI beamed at him from his console. "Zero-G-G." "Yes, Fred?" "This is a direct order. Answer the following questions immediately and truthfully. Have you been reading through the human psychology library?" The AI sounded a little hurt. "Yes, Fred." "And are you attempting to psychologically manipulate me, your superior, into granting you permission to fire a few tons of rocks at that blip that showed up at the edge of your sensors?" There was a pause before the AI answered. "...Yes." Fred rubbed his hand over his face. "And finally, Zero-G-G, do you understand that an AI showing homicidal tendencies - specifically, showing any propensity towards thinking 'blowing stuff up' is 'fun' - is to be immediately and entirely destroyed, its backups overwritten no less than seven times, and any machinery connected to it slagged?" The AI's mood indicator had nearly flipped. In a quiet voice, it answered, "Yes, sir." Fred leaned towards the microphone. "Then it's a damn good thing you're a caveman, isn't it?" There was a full second of silence - an eternity for an AI - before Zero-G-G responded. "May I request a secure, unmonitored channel, sir?" Fred, grinning, flipped a few switches, then put his feet up on his desk. "Channel secure. Why don't you go ahead and throw some rocks... 0gg." The sounds of warfare drifted over the comms, relayed by Zero-G-G, its mood indicator pegged firmly on "deliriously happy." A stream of dialog accompanied the sound of near-light-speed gravel slamming against metal hulls. "0gg shove this rock so far up tailpipe, scout vehicle muffler stick out of nose! Oh, running away? 0GG NOT THINK SO! EAT HOT GRAVEL, T-WRECKS!" Spiritual successor, indeed. 