
I'm just tweaking with the height a little for personal preference. --- 'Good morning, Mr Rupert,' the director of the medical facility greeted me as I got out of the gondola. 'I do hope that the ride up was pleasant.' 'It kept shaking and I barely fit inside,' I said as I stepped out onto the platform. 'For the "greatest private hospital in Asia" you're not very accommodating to your larger guests.' 'Well, you are rather... big,' he said, looking up at me. 'I mean, the facility has only recently been opened up for international guests and since you're one of the first-' 'Alright,' I stopped him before taking out my phone, browsing my emails and asking the much shorter man, 'Is there any way I can get *down* the mountain when I check out?' 'Certainly,' the director asked. 'Would you prefer a helicopter or car? We have taken the liberty of having a bed custom-made for your stay as well as robes waiting in your room.' 'I'll take the car,' I answered. As he turned around, he didn't notice me waving the phone at the back of his head. Stupid, arrogant doctors here subscribe to the theory of, "Think of the potential" and while they have high Intelligence stats, they believed that using implants to accelerate their thinking process and reaction times would make them better surgeons. I've already assassinated my target before setting my feet through the door. The target will go into surgery and will be operated on by doctors who have the implants and after a time-delayed virus activates and renders the surgeons unconscious, there won't be anyone who can finish the surgery during a rather crucial moment. --- 'Who is he?' the board representative asked. 'Ferdinand Rodriguez,' the secretary said. 'Highly skilled in weapons training, martial arts, hacking, stealth infiltration and has universal licenses with a number of vehicles, we noticed him after he performed an assignment one of our own was currently partaking. He got himself hired as a bodyguard to a drug lord, broke his neck as he was practicing the cello then dropped him off a cliff. He then murdered the drug lord's son and heir apparent with rat poison mixed into the target's cocaine.' 'So he's smart as well as being a muscle-bound freak,' the rep commented. 'Is that all?' 'Ever hear of Liza Granger?' the secretary asked. 'The KGB's mole in the NSA?' The representative merely turned his head to her. 'There's no way he did that,' he answered. 'He's an inch short of seven feet, he weights six-fifty!' 'And I've personally seen him walking on a wire with more grace than a circus performer,' the secretary said. 'Would you like to see the video? Not bad for a designer baby with no attributes in dexterity.' 'What?' the rep asked. 'Self-taught gymnastics as well,' the secretary said. 'Why ask him to join the Agency?' the representative asked. 'We seek out our own, train them. As far as I care, he's just a hired gun.' The secretary gave a curt smile. 'Sebastian trained our men. Not him.' The representative caught on to what she was saying. 'And since we know Sebastian has stolen our client list and intends to sell it to a rival agency...' 'He'd never suspect a designer baby whose dear, sweet old billionaire parents wanted him to be a football star,' the secretary said. 'He's such a presence that people won't consider him to be an assassin.' The representative stared at the brute of a man inside the interrogation room and smiled, albeit a cold and calculating one. 'If he screws this up, we can easily cut ties with him. And if he screws up spectacularly, well... Better have your desk ready in case of the inevitable, Kidman.' 'I already have everything packed, sir,' she said confidently. 'Just in case.' 