
Edit: This is set in the -verse of a very famous series which should be rather clear if you recognize the names ;) Polly was three when she spoke her first words. Her father assumed that it was because she and her twin sister spoke to each other in their twin babble perfectly well, and weren't very interested in learning anyone else's language. Her first words were not "Papa" or even "Sis." It was "Fetch." The word was spoken, or rather commanded, to their wolfhound puppy. Garath brought over her stuffed animal, and she giggled happily. Her sister Belle spoke _her_ first words as well, when she told her sister "Shhhhh" as she continued to toddle around the room, following their father as he paced the room, nose buried in his book. Pol continued to grow, and as she grew older she spent more and more time outdoors. Her father was generally too absorbed in his studies to pay her and Belle much attention, and Belle was too busy learning to cook meals and read over her father's shoulder to mind where her sister went during the day, as long as she was back by sundown. Pol spent many happy days playing with Garath, making him give her doggyback rides up and down the meadow, catching squirrels for her and releasing them to let them run away unharmed, and roughhousing with her. Her knees and elbows grew scabbed from her frequent tumbles in the brush. The day Pol's life changed started off with such promise. It was a bright spring day, and she was ready to go to the meadow right after breakfast. However, her father had absentmindedly misplaced his quill. He was always losing quills, but this time he was out of spares. He asked her and Belle to help him find the quill. Belle happily began searching the room, but Pol didn't want to spend such a beautiful day cooped inside. She scowled, and said, "Fetch the quill!" Suddenly, a small flock of starlings flew into the room, and several mice appeared from behind a bookshelf. While her father and sister stared, the mice and birds swarmed the room, and soon found the quill from where it had fallen behind the bed. A mouse presented the quill to Pol, who handed it to her father. Her father stared for a few more seconds. Then he burst out laughing. "Pol, my Pol, how long have you been able to speak to animals?" He brushed his hand lightly over a crystal bird on his table. Pol frowned. She wanted to get back to the meadow, where she thought some baby hares would be opening their eyes soon. "Since as long as I could remember, papa. They just don't have much to say, usually. Except for Garath." She scratched behind his ears as his tongue lolled out in a silent laugh. "He's my best friend " Her father shook his head. "All this time, I've been searching for the answer in a book, but meanwhile the answer was right in front of me this whole time. Pol, would you like to help me in my research?" Pol looked behind her father, to see her sister standing with a mix of jealousy and awe on her face. "No, papa, it doesn't sound fun. But perhaps Belle would like to help?" Her father reached around with one hand and hugged Belle to his leg. "Of course. The two of you will help me with my research. Together." Pol thought wistfully about the baby hares, but her sister had turned pleading eyes to her, begging her to say yes. Pol knew her father mostly wanted her help and not Belle's. She steeled herself for a spring of being stuck indoors with musty books, and nodded briskly. "Ok, Papa. Together." --- Exit: r/AndaPandaWrites has been created. I'm really hoping I can finish this by part 20; let's see if saying this will make it true. I made some edits to make it clear who their father is. 