
"Can your implant perform this conversion, son? I want you to try again, okay?" Jimmy asks, his finger pointing at the block of text on the crisp white sheet on the table. Little Jonathan lets his horrified eyes scan every inch of the sheet. He carefully runs his eyes over every letter, waiting for the voice in his head to speak to him. Nothing happens. A strange depressing silence reigns in his head, making Jonathan feel lonely and crippled in the head. "I'm sorry, son. Looks like your implant is definitely damaged... I was praying it wouldn't be true." Jonathan sees his father grow disconsolate at that realization, collapsing into his chair and shaking he head in disbelief. "We... We can't afford another one, Jimmy. We simply can't. Not now. You'll have to find your way around the world yourself. Maybe Rick could help..." Little Jonathan froze at that suggestion. No one liked the strange, eccentric man they called Uncle Rick. He drank too much, often into a state of near intoxication. He often wept inconsolably, before screaming "No one understands!" hysterically. The only reason he did have a special place in the family, was because he could do what no other member of the Cartwright family could do - read. As if sensing the fear and apprehension on his son's face, Jimmy put a caring hand on Jonathan's trembling shoulder. "I know, he's a bizarre man. He is always filled with a strange sadness at the world's ways; none of us will ever understand that. But he does seem to function remarkably well without the implants. At least we'll enough to depend on it. He's the only one who can help, Jonathan... please trust your father..." From that day on, Jimmy drove Jonathan an hour and a half every day to the isolated cottage that stood where the forest began. No one lived in the vicinity; Jonathan couldn't tell whether it was because the place was too quiet or whether they feared having Uncle Rick as a neighbour. After Jimmy parked the car, they walked up to the front door ans knocked on it. As the door swung open, the sweet and sour smell of rum wafted out. A tall man stood at the door. He looked almost malnourished; with drooping shoulders, a thin frame. His eyes though, were absolutely breathtaking- deep set black on a bony, sharp face. "Been drinking again, have you Rick?" Jimmy asked his brother. "Can't a man drown his worldly sorrows in peace, brother?" "Not anymore I think. Could you please teach little Jonathan how to read? His implant is gone... times are tough. You know how it is." "Alright, but I don't want you in the room when I am. It is a process that requires, time, effort and undivided attention. Is that amenable to you?" Jimmy's face contorts itself into one that had was plugged into deep thought. "Okay, I'll pick him up every evening at 6 then." "Good." Will that, the door swung open fully. Little Jonathan reluctantly ambled in, feeling dizzy with the warm, powerful smell of rum. In the middle of the room is a dining table with multiple sheets of paper strewn about, a bottle of ink and a fountain pen. Both pull up chairs and sit close to the table. "Jonathan, you beautiful boy. May God forgive me for passing on this cursed blessing to you. In a world where the mind is simply fed and has lost the hunger to seek out its own fulfillment, reading is a lost art. I can teach you the beauty in it, but the world will never be the same again. You will never see the world with the same eyes again. But beauty of the sort you have never known will pull you into its embrace. Are you willing to take upon such a responsibility? Are you willing to dedicate two years of your life to finding something that will make you long for beauty and loathe it in equal capacity?" Jonathan nods meekly. "Then let us begin." xxx "I can't believe it's been two years already Jonathan," said Jimmy proudly, hugging his son with a newfound pride. I hope Uncle Rick didn't drive you crazy." "I think Uncle Rick is a genius, father. And we're all too blind to see it." "Is that so?" "Can you read this for me, father?" Jonathan asked, pulling out a small sheet of paper. Jimmy stares at the sheet from top to bottom, waits for the little voice in his head to convey its interpretation to him. "Nothing is permanent. The tides change. The heart beats. And the moon will shine, the sea will wait... this makes absolutely no sense to me... Absolute rubbish, isn't it?" Jonathan takes the paper from his hand and starts to read aloud- *Never give someone the permanence of becoming the moon in your life. They can turn you into a restless sea, hold sway over your lows and highs, make your heartbeats rise and fall, using forces that control the tides.* *And you can dream of the blessed night, when you look up to see they've left the skies, but the moon will feel like a star-crossed lover, to the sea that struggles to say goodbye.* Jimmy looked at Jonathan with knitted eyebrows, clouds of doubts throwing shadows on his sunny face. "You've started to talk like Rick, son. I'm not sure what to feel about it." "Uncle Rick wrote that," Jonathan says. "He says it is an ancient forgotten art called Poetry; where the words, their place in a sentence, their cadence, their rhythm; all of them are sacred in their purpose. You can't appreciate it because a machine doesn't understand poetry. Only the mind does." r/whiteshadowthebook 