
"What do I do!?" the Dragon Lord wailed. He gazed out over his majestic belly that had grown quite large over decades of opulence. He used to prowl over his mountains of gold and gems, the apex predator. Now the size of his stomach forced him to sit on his throne like a human. The shame! "Well," his wyvern advisor hissed, "The answer seems clear to me. The Chosen Ones are getting better. Humans have always been good at learning from their mistakes. You will need to regain your former prowess." The Dragon lord contemplated this. His formerly sharp claws clanked dully as he drummed them on the regal throne he had mounted on his largest heap of treasure. Light shone down from the noon sun through a single gap at the peak of the cavern, splintering off towering pyramids of wealth and casting rainbows of lights onto the rocky walls. "Courtney, describe your reasoning for the failings of my forces." The gray-skinned beast paced in front of her lord. "It's fairly straightforward, my liege. Our armies have been sufficient in dealing with the human troops led by the Chosen One. But all our data shows that casualties are increasing exponentially year by year. At this rate, it will only take four more Chosen Ones before they breach the keep. One more after that, and they may challenge you directly." "Unacceptable," the Dragon Lord snapped. "Your solution?" "Well," Courtney said, "You could embark on a training regimen. It would take a few years, but our top generals could whip you back into shape. You'd have to go on a diet, and wake up early, and..." "Nooooo," the Dragon Lord moaned. "But that's...so much work!" The adviser rolled her eyes. If it weren't for the centuries of service and sacrifice the Dragon Lord had suffered, she would have deposed this weak ruler a long time ago. As it stood, she rather liked the Dragon Lord when the mighty (large) beast wasn't acting like a child. In fact, it had been the wyvern herself who had pushed the mighty warrior to take a break for a century or two. If only the humans hadn't picked now to start this foolishness... "Well, you do have another option." The Dragon Lord perked up, a gout of flame erupting from his nostrils and frying a few unsuspecting insects. "What's the other option?" "Well...humans are greedy and easily swayed. I mean, the whole point of their mission is to steal your treasure, right? Why don't you just let only the Chosen One in and pay him or her to stay in your castle with a yearly stipend and let them gorge on your food? Even over the course of a millennia, it would barely deplete a minute fraction of your treasure. You wouldn't notice it at all. Plus we could add a few stealth missions to capture their partner of choice to keep them happy." "Courtney!" the Dragon Lord bayed, almost bawling. "You've saved me! That's a brilliant plan! Let's do it!" ~ "King Martin," an aging general said. "No word back from the latest Chosen One. That's the third one where we've heard absolutely nothing from our scouting parties. The Chosen One makes it into the Dragon Lord's Keep, and then never returns." King Martin scowled. "That dastardly dragon must be far stronger than we anticipated. Nevertheless, our forces are getting stronger every generation. Keep sending them in! They've got to overcome him at some point!" 