
"All I said was that I wanted the candle to be lit," Connor yelled over the dubstep emanating from the candle. "IN ENGLISH?" The older man, a seasoned wizard whose name had been lost to the ages, shouted in indignation, his white beard puffing out like the tail of a startled cat. The candle's flickering image reached a seizure-inducing speed as it switched between hundreds of colors and patterns, the music blaring from its flame coming to a deafening crescendo. Just as the base was about to drop once more, Connor's teacher ended the spell with a wave of his hand and an Atlantean word. The wizard's electric green eyes snared Connor in a righteously indignant gaze. "How many times have I told you-" "Yes, Master, I know, but-" "Obviously you don't!" The elderly man seemed to pop off the ground in an almost cartoonish way as he berated Connor, the residual magic from centuries of spellwork giving his very being a whimsical quality. "English has no place in magic! If you are to be a wizard you must learn a real language. None of this modern bull-hockey you youngsters are speaking nowadays." "But Master," Connor said, rolling his eyes slightly. He didn't understand the man's hatred for modern languages. When Connor applied for the position he was told that his experience with French, German, Spanish, Japanese, Italian, Portuguese, and, most obviously, English would be appreciated. But the moment Connor tried to cast a spell in any of those, the man went off. "What's the use of language if we can't use it? My first day you told me how important words are to magic, so what's wrong with English? Or any of the others?" The older man chewed on his words, the motion shaking some excess magic from his eyebrows into his eyes, changing them into overly kawaii anime eyes. "Words are purpose and p-" "Power, yes, I understand that," Connor said, regretting the interruption immediately. He clamped his mouth shut as his tutor's eyes went full JoJo's. "As I was saying..." The man trailed off, daring for his student to interrupt him. Wehn Connor failed to, the older man continued. "Words are purpose, power, and meaning. These languages you speak are all well and good for speaking, but add some magic into the mix and suddenly a word's meanings are blown wide open. The universe doesn't know which meaning you want, and so it chooses at random, and chance plus magic is even worse than English plus magic." The man's now normal eyes stared at Connor, willing the weight of his words into the boy's mind. Connor shook his head. "I just don't understand why all the old languages have to be so complicated." The teacher let out a barking laugh. "That is what magic is. Complicated. If the arcane were meant to be easy then it wouldn't have taken me six hundred years to master them." The man reached into his robes and pulled out a small cage, inside of which sat a small, white mouse. "Now, your next test will be done with this small being. A moose I believe you call it." Connor did not correct him. "What would you like me to do with him, Master?" Connor said, slightly beaten down. "I want you to make him as queer as possible." The boy did his best to hold back his laughter. He was practically blue by the time he spoke. "Come again, master?" "Queer boy, queer. Give him antlers, make him polka dot, whatever you wish as long as he is abnormal." "Will we be having a parade?" Connor asked, feigning innocence. "What? What in the world are you saying, boy? There are no parades for meese." The older man snapped, shoving the cage into Connor's arms. "And do it quickly. I want you spending the rest of the night studying the newly dying languages." "Yes, master," Connors said as he imagined a rainbow mouse unicycling around with a love is love poster. 