
"So, what do we do now?" He asked. I could sense he's reluctant. I felt the same. "I really don't know for sure" I replied, honestly for the first time talking to him. We stood in a busy mall, face to face. Just a few metres between us. Few metres and a shitload of tension. People were walking pass by, not paying attention to two dudes who decided to stop in the middle of the walkway. "I guess we need to change and fight" he said, with a tone of resignation. "Do we need to?" I asked. He looked at me with confusion and distrust. "I mean, don't get me wrong. Any other day, I would try to kill you. But... can't we just..." I tried to find the words, but no matter how I thought to put it on my head, I didn't think any of it would work. I was talking to an idealist after all. "Take a day off?" He suddenly finished my sentence, surprising me. We both looked at each other in a new way. Not with hatred, anger or disgust. It was understanding that we felt. Maybe a little relief? "Yes" I responded. "I'm just a bit tired." "I can relate to that" he said and we both chuckled a little, tension dropping from our bodies. "Look, I know this is a long shot, but do you fancy a cup of tea?" I asked. He looked at me with a weird frown. "Are you... are you asking me out?" I sighed, trying to gather my thoughts. "What I meant was... I can hardly talk to anyone about... you know. And... well, not that we could agree... but at least, I don't know, we could relate to each other?" I couldn't believe my own words, but it was me actually saying it. Was I to tired to even attempt at a bluff? "You want us to have some tea... together... and just chat?" He asked. "Well, yeah" I could see his hesitation. "Just for today" I added quickly. "You know what? What the heck" he said. I could see he also is to tired to think of any witty comebacks or tricks. "Great. There's this place here that I really like" I gestured for him to follow me. As we were walking towards to tea shop, none of us knew what we were getting into. For this was the day me and my arch-nemesis became best friends. 