
After looking through the peep hole my worst suspicions were confirmed. It was the family of the boy I accidentally killed a month ago. I had been waiting and dreading a moment like this for the past three weeks, ever since a new breakthrough in science and surgery was announced. With a heavy heart I opened the door. "Mr and Mrs Smith. Please come in." They walk in and sit on my couch watching as I take a seat across from them. I am silent. I don't want to prompt the horrible news or give them the idea if they don't have it themselves. "Mrs Finn, you might have heard about a new surgery that has just been perfected. The ability to put the living essence of a person into a deceased one." Mr Smith explains. I remain silent. "You said you wished you had died instead of our little Timmy. Now here is your chance to make it right." I stare at them. "Say something." Mr Smith prompts me. I sigh, tears forming in my eyes, mouth dry. I don't want to die. "You took our son from us, you bitch! You owe us!" Explodes Mrs Smith. She's right. I stole her child's future, his potential. I took her family, her baby from her. I owe Timmy that chance. "I'll do it on the condition that you give me a month to put my affairs in order." "How do we know you won't run off on us?" Mrs Smith accuses me. I walk a few paces from them and open a door, showing them my todler daughter, sound asleep. "You can't run with very far or fast with a baby. I just want to make sure she is taken care of." Mr Smith's face softens. "I need to put a will in place, up my life insurance, update my license donor status. You'll have first claim to my life, the hospital will check my background. Everyone in dead my family has been gone to long to come back." Mrs Smith smiles in triumph while Mr Smith looks torn. I have a family too. A tiny child and husband. "I have one other request if you want me to do this." "Name it." Mrs Smith replies hastily, eager to get the deal done. "You have to hit me with your car." "Excuse me?" Mr Smith asks. "My insurance won't pay out if I willingly walk into the hospital and do this. My daughter will end up in foster care without the money. Hit me with your car, damage me enough that I can give my life up to your son. That's the only way you can get what you want." I could see the weight of what I was asking hit Mr Smith. You could have your family back. All it would cost is ripping apart another and taking a life. Mrs Smith didn't hesitate. "Deal." "Mary..." Mr Smith whispers. "Deal." She insisted. We worked out the details of when and where I would die. It was odd, planning my own death, but it made me value what little life I had left. The last month flew by. I made sure to give my husband and daughter as many experiences, memories and photos as I could. I recorded myself reading books to her, made love to him every night, hosted a big family dinner. I let everyone feel the love. I also took up evening walks for my health. A great cover for what was going to happen. And then the day came. I put my daughter to bed, kissed my husband goodbye and went for my walk,tears streaming down my face. I closed my eyes and crossed the street. That was the last thing I would clearly remember. There were fuzzy bits, white walls, blurry faces and the pain, dear God the pain. And then just like that it was all gone. Like switching off a light. All the little bits that made me me fell away until there was nothing left but the purest essence of life. _ Many years would pass and Timmy Smith had an interesting life. Lonely yet smothered. His mother barely let him out of her sight. "Stay close to mummy. We don't want anything bad to happen to you." No privacy, no space, no independence. Timmy always assumed that's why his father was distant, because his mother left no space for him in Timmys life. But then he would catch the looks his father gave himself and his mother. Deep sadness tinged with horror. His father often spent time with a friend of his and the friends kid. Timmy would long to go but his father never asked nor would his mother ever allow it. She hated his friend. Timmy heard her say to his father once "It was all his fault in the first place that this all happened." He was so cold and numb, dead inside. What was the point of life? He was so miserable. He wanted to die. Then one day, at age 12 Timmy couldn't take it any more. He snuck out followed his father to his friends house. Then he saw her. A little girl about 10. Suddenly his head was filled with pain, with a flood of memories. Only tiny snippets, a picture or face here, a musical note or word there, but a life's worth. Timmy sank to the ground, crying as the horrible truth dawned on him. His life was not his own. It never was and never would be. 