
I was packing up some of Fi's old things when suddenly it hit me. Three weeks, four days, two hours without a lick. It was a strange little thing, just one of those things that made Fi, well, Fi. Randomly, out of nowhere, "just to let you know it's really me." Sometimes, it would happen in public, and people would give us strange looks, but we'd act like nothing even happened. Sometimes, she'd stop mid-sentence for a lick, and continue on like nothing ever happened while our friends and I all tried to stifle our laughter. Sometimes, in the middle of the night, I'd wake up to a familiar wet sensation against my arm and a whispered "sorry". I laid the box on the floor and sat down, staring at the now barren counter. A few minutes ago, it had been covered in tiny pebbles, each one equally spaced from the others. Another one of her Fi-diosyncrasies, as we used to call them. I tried to remember some of the others, trying to remember her. How, whenever she turned on a lightswitch, she'd flick it three times, on then off then on again. How she'd go to the fridge and open it, look inside for a second, then close it, even though she'd just looked a few minutes ago. How she'd take the stairs in an alternating pattern, one stair, two stair, one stair, two stair, the sound of the two pounding through the house. She hadn't been able to do the last one in over a year, though. I remember finding her, lying on the stairs, passed out. At first, the doctors said she'd be fine, that all she needed was a few days rest. Over time, though, it became clear that wasn't true. I watched her slowly fall apart, one Fi-diosyncrasy at a time. Day by day, she lost the energy required to keep up all her obsessions, and then to do anything at all. After she couldn't walk anymore, she'd randomly call me up to the bed, saying she needed something. She'd talk faintly, almost in a whisper, so that I'd have to lean close to hear her. And then, I'd feel something wet hit my cheek. "Just so you know it's still me.", she'd whisper. I picked up the box again and headed out the door to the car. But then, I noticed something. A small cat sat on the porch. No collar, matted and dirty fur; probably a stray. I put down the box again, and knelt to get a closer look at it. Suddenly, it dashed over to me, and gave me a small lick on the hand. It stared at me, eyes wide. Just so that you know it's really me. Now, I'm no believer in reincarnation. I know that, whatever happens, my wife is gone now, and nothing's going to change that. But that didn't stop me from calling it Fi. 