
The land wept where he walked, shivering and roiling beneath his tread. Green grass turned brown then disintegrated in his presence, trees lost leaf and branch before becoming dull husks. Animals wasted away, those that didn't run immediately from him. He didn't mind, this was his gift after all. He walked with a slow and methodical gait, seemingly healthy amid the scarcity. Long slim fingers adjusted a finely cut suit, forest green eyes peering out a chiseled face at his work around him. A smile, not cruel but professional graced his lips, the smile of satisfaction from work well done. A chuckle, again oddly rich, fell from his lips as he stopped in a field. Bodies lay in positions of violence, eyes still wide from pain and rage. Guns and even blades littered the field like fruit from a tree. The man shook his head amused. "Oh Brother, your Mark is everywhere these days. So bold and unsubtle." He continued to walk, the bodies emaciating rapidly as he did. The field turned brown, stinking. Even the metals of the weapons grew weak and brittle, losing shine and strength. The man followed the tracks of large lumbering beasts, buffalo or some wild charger. He could see them in the far distance, a large herd led by a curious white one. So far they have avoided his touch but he didn't mind, he was tireless and they couldn't escape. He followed them inexhaustibly, relentlessly. They led him to a grove, dull brown earth transitioning into rich healthy land. He walked in, admiring the tall trees that blocked the beating rays of the sun. Even his eyes widened at how fresh and sweet the fruit looked. "Almost a pity," he whispered as his hand touched a rosy red apple. At his touch it started to wilt, growing rotten. Without another glance he walked on, waiting for that juicy splatter of fallen fruit to follow. It never came. He turned, curious. The fruit still sat on the bough as red and delectable as before. A furrowed brow and he approached it again, hand outstretched. The fruit degraded within seconds before his eyes but the moment he let go it recovered just as swiftly, no even faster. Even the ground seemed to repulse his aura. The ground immediately beneath him the typical deviation of life but where he was looked untouched. "Greetings stranger." His head turned at the voice, a sweet tone warm and inviting. His eyes peered into the gloom of the forest, eventually making out a woman making her way to him. She was slight, thin yet healthy. Old fashioned coveralls hung from her frame, a broad straw hat sat on bright red hair. Her eyes...disturbed him. They were blue like the sky, innocent yet not, young yet old. He nodded back, pointing at the tree. "Your work I assume?" She curtsied lightly, a smile growing on her tanned face. "It is, blessings of the land with hard work." He snorted, touching the apple again and watching it rot and revitalize in moments. "More than hard work I think. More 'blessings'." He turned and pointed an accusing finger. "Who or what are you?" Her eyes narrowed, the kind look turning hard. "Well that's a rude thing to say to a woman." He scowled, hand working at the tie around his neck. "I care not. Women nor men matter not at all. All fall before me. So...what are you?" She crossed her hands before her, looking blandly at his expression of displeasure. "I am the land, the land is me. You are not welcome here." He laughed mockingly and shrill. "Again, your protestations do not matter to me. I go where I please. This is the end times, the world is my domain and I am unleashed to do my work. I am punishment." She laughed back at him, a sweet and bright sound that shocked him. "How quaint. The end has come and gone many times on this world. You are not the first. You will not be the last. For every end there is a beginning, it is a cycle. You cannot stop it." "How dare you!" His skin grew pale and he glared at her. The aura of dearth spilled from him and more of the surroundings wilted. "I am punishment from a higher power! I will take from the land and empty it! You cannot stop me!" She smiled and grew. Her coveralls fading into robes, her slight form growing robust. Red hair turned green and her hat transformed into a plain circlet. "I think not," her voice reverberated deeply and richly. "I am Gaia, earth Mother. I will always protect the land and you are nothing but a phase, a temporary thing. Greater powers than you have tried you child of an upstart power. Even now you garb yourself in borrowed finery. You will not defeat me." A wave of her hand and the man stumbled. His suit fell away into rags, his skin turned sallow and thin. His eyes still blazed defiantly and he howled. The sound shook the trees and the sky, echoing faintly in the distance. "You are old and nothing! My brothers come and we will lay waste. I am not alone." Again she smiled. The white buffalo approached her side, eyes glinting intelligently and her footsteps echoed like many drums. A length of vines grew thicker and fuller beside her on a tree, a wet growl came from behind her coming from bright yellow eyes. "Neither am I." Edit: Thank you so much for the gold. I am always happy to see people enjoy my writing. I posted more stories below as responses to this one. Please enjoy. 