
"Your daughter." I glared. "Y-Yes. I need you to take care of my daughter." Satan muttered, then straightened himself," I know you've taken care of a child." "Yeah Luci, but she isn't the daughter of the Demon King, and besides, I'm a single mother and my work is killing me, I can't take care of another teenager." I took a sip from my glass of Coors. "Look. She's a huge burden on me. I've taken care of her for years, but I can't do it anymore.." "And why's that?" "Jeannine. I'm the damn Devil. I have the whole damnation stuff to attend to." I adjusted my glasses," And what's in it for me?" He pondered for a moment," You're a scientist, right? I can give you endless knowledge! I can make you the smartest woman in the world!" "Do I have to give up my soul?" "No, not at all! Taking care of Lena is all I ask of you!" "Hmmm... Alright. I'll do it." "Alright." His eyes rolled back and he began to chant something unintelligible. I could see blood coming out of his nose as his chanting got louder and the ground began to shake. This continued for about twenty more seconds before a small portal opened behind him. After the portal opened, he immediately stopped. "The knowledge has been imbued within you. Now just give me a few minutes to talk to Lena." He walked through the portal, closing it as he left. Soon after, Marie came running down the stairs. "Mom, what the hell was that? The house just started quaking!" She was obviously shaken, I could see the bits of plaster in her hair. "Marie, I'll explain everything later, but for now I just need you to-" The portal reopened, and Satan came out with his daughter. Lena was a rather short girl, with brown skin and black hair tied back in a messy bun. She was wearing a simple grey shirt and jeans. The only noticeable difference about her was the slightly sharpened fingernails. She had a fair amount of bags and a backpack on her back. "Holy shit." I could hear Marie mutter under her breath. "So how long is she staying here?" I said, picking up my books that fell. "I don't know precisely. She's always been talking about visiting the human world, she's never been, always interested in the human race, always on her phone, reading about it." He chuckled a bit, placing his hand on Lena's shoulder. "Dad! You're embarrassing me!" She shouted, taking his hand off her shoulder. "You can go dad." Satan turned to me and whispered," I'll come back for her when you meet Scott." "Scott? Who's-" "Alright, I gotta go! Gotta damn some tortured souls! Love you cutie-pie!" "Dad!" He was gone. Lena calmed down a bit and brushed a strand of hair from her face. "Hi!" "It's nice to meet you Lena. I'm Jeannine and this is my daughter, Marie." I gestured towards Marie. "That... That was the Devil?" Marie muttered. "Yeah, he's a real handful." Lena giggled a bit. I looked over to Marie, she was obviously blushing a bit. Maybe it was shock from seeing Satan. "So, Lena, I know this isn't the right question to ask, but do you, like your father, have those crazy powers?" I asked. "Yup! I don't use them though, no need to." "Alright. Well, food's in the fridge, and since it's summer vacation, Marie and I can show you around the city, and until I meet whoever Scott is, you'll have to go school." I smiled and sat back down," Now I gotta get back to work. Your dad gave me limitless knowledge and I want to put it to use." Lena smiled," Alright." That was the start of some of the greatest years of my life. Taking care of two teenagers is difficult. Especially when one is the teenage child of Satan. The most difficult part of it was getting her used to school, for she was under the assumption it was like Highschool Musical. But luckily, me and Marie were able to help her. Mainly Marie, they were always close. I always love bringing up the Highschool Musical thing, it made so many people laugh at her and Marie's wedding. As for me, I was able to get enough of my work published to make a name for myself. I made a good amount of money, and I was recognized as the smartest person in the world, suck on that Stephen Hawking. I never met Scott. 