
I spiraled through the air as I plummeted towards the concrete below me. This was my favorite thing in the world to do, and trust me, I had done it all. The thrill of it never faded, and it made me feel something that faintly resembled happiness, even though I knew I hadn't felt that for thousands of years. I knew it wouldn't kill me, but it was something to do, and it's not like I had places to be. ****** I could think so clearly while I was falling, could reminisce on all the lives I had lived. I remembered the demonic creature that had cursed me all those years ago, had given me a choice that seemed, at the time, too good to be true. *"I can grant you what no other creature on this world has ever had. Something that no creature on this world ever will have. True freedom from death. True freedom from feeling. You will be a god of time itself."* For the first few million years, it was amazing. Nothing could hurt me, nothing could even cause me pain, and when you've been around for as long as I have, time moves much faster. The first 46 million years flew by, but no other creature really resembled me, so I spent most of my time to myself. It was only a few hundred thousand years ago that a branch of these creatures started to resemble me, and I found myself drawn and attracted to the creatures. But I quickly learned that the world was still way too hostile, and life too short, so I decided to hold off on beginning any sort of life with these creatures until death wasn't so imminent for them. Three times I started a family. Three times I watched my family die without me. I couldn't feel physical pain, but mental pain...that existed. It was almost as if my mind became more active and sensitive to my thoughts since the physical component of the world was stripped away from it. And it was taking its toll. I wanted it all to stop. The thoughts, the pain, *the guilt.* But death always alluded me, and I gave up. On life. On death. On everything. ***** I slammed into the concrete. My body ricocheted off of it like it was nothing, and I got up to my feet to brush off the dust from my trench coat. *3 AM.* Perfect time to pull these jumps. I didn't want to scare or frighten anyone; I had caused enough suffering in this world. I started walking back towards my apartment. "You too, huh?" I whipped around to see a man standing in front of me with a solemn look on his face. "Can't even count how many times I've tried that," the man muttered with a half-hearted chuckle. "Yo....You...You're immortal too?" "Yeah, there's a ton of us around now. The devil likes to watch us suffer, it amuses him..." "I'm so...so tired. I just want it to end. All of it. The thoughts are overwhelming." I could feel my body trembling as I spoke to the man. *Finally someone who could relate.* "Trust me man, I want it all to end, too. I used to think death was the worst thing that could happen to someone, but let me tell you, death ain't shit compared to this." I nodded my head in silent concurrence. "But I think I found a way to get us out of this hell." My ears propped up as I listened to what I hoped would be the first bit of good news I had heard in hundreds of years. ***** The tranquilizers barely affected us, but they were enough to convince the doctors that we were dead. We had become the masters of our own bodies throughout the years, and with the help of these horse tranquilizers, we could feign death very easily. As I lay in the capsule they put me in, I could barely hold in my excitement. It was finally going to be all over. *Don't smile, don't smile* I thought to myself as the vitrification process began. The man had explained how they would "freeze" terminally ill people with the intent of "unfreezing" them when the cure for their disease had been found in the future. This was our way out. We couldn't kill ourselves, but we could shut our minds off. No more suffering. ****** I waited in silent excitement as the men in front of me set things up for slumber. I could hear them shuffling around in front of me. Any second now, I'd go under. The shuffling continued. Then it got fainter. And fainter. I pried my eyes open to see the technicians walking away from my capsule. *They were finished.* It didn't work. Not even this could shut our minds off. But the true horror of my situation only gradually set in. I couldn't move, I couldn't speak, I couldn't hear, I could *barely* see. My mind let out a silent scream as I realized that I would be spending eternity in this capsule under the ground... Edit: Formatting. 