
I'm a little late to the party but I hope you enjoy! --------------------------------------------------------------------------- What started out as a drunken, silly game when we were dating in college turned into an odd sort of routine for us. Senior year, blitzed out of our gourds, we tried to lick each other's faces, without getting licked first. Stupid, I know, but it was something people young, drunk and in love do. It quickly changed from drunken game to sober habit, finding ourselves doing it week in and week out, year after year. Shortly after our marriage, I asked him "Babe, don't you think we're a little old for this?" He grinned, like an idiot. "How else will you know its me?" And, of course, licked my face. It's been three weeks since we first departed from our routine, and I'm starting to get worried. We both knew, going into it, that opening our own restaraunt would be stressful, especially in an area with hot culinary competition, but I hardly thought it would change the man I love into an unrecognizable stranger. However, that seems exactly what has happened. In fact, I've begun to suspect he isn't my husband at all, but rather some sort of imposter. Might be that I'm going insane, but I can't shake the feeling. He looks the same, but something is just, *off*. Maybe after some sleep, tomorrow, everything will return to normal. I sense it won't but I can only hope. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I rattled awake to a loud scraping sound, scrambling under the covers, panicking in a semi-conscious state. My eyes, wraught with the weight of sleep, struggled over to the source of the noise, and my heartbeat settled as I rest my gaze on my husband, hunched over something in our closet. "Babe?" I called out. "Yes" came the reply, though the tone and timbre was not that of the man I married. I grew increasingly anxious. Something was not right before, but now I could sense that something was *definitely* wrong. This man was not my husband. But I played along. "What are you doing? It's like-" I glanced at the clock. "Jesus, it's four in the morning. What are you looking for?" I asked, trying to hide the nerves from my voice. "Nothing. Just, looking." I could see now he was rifling through our safe, where we kept important documents for our restaraunt, as well as recipes and family cookbooks. "Is something wrong? Do you need any help?" I started out of bed, moving towards him tentatively. And thats when it hit me. These past three weeks I couldn't put my finger on where it was coming from, but now I knew it was him. This awful, putrid smell of exhaust that plagued our apartment intermittently-and it was coming from the man posing as my husband. As I moved closer, while trying not to gag on the stench, he sprang up, scraping his face on one of our shelves, his back still turned to me. This was my chance, to expose this farce that had gone on too long. I moved toward him, quick, and lept on his back, still playing the part of smitten wife. And I licked his cheek, begging, pleading, hoping he'd return the gesture. But where I expected the soft embrace of his cheek on my tongue I found not flesh but metal. Horrified, I lept to the ground, almost in tears. "Babe...wha...whats going on?" There was no hiding the panic in my voice any longer. My husband stood upright, turning in an almost mechanical sort of way. He moved in my direction, coughing and sputtering, eyes dead and soulless. "Where...*cough*...where is...*hack*...is it?" I tried to respond, but the words couldn't find a way out of my mouth. "*Cough*WHERE...*cough**hack*WHERE IS IT?" He staggered towards me, methodically. I crawled backwards, overwhelmed by the smell of burning gas. "Who are you? What the fuck do you want!?" I shrieked. "You know. You *cough* KNOW." He moved closer, my eyes now burning from his stink. "No...What are you...where is my husband?" I wept. That was all I could do now. He bent over towards me, grabbing me by the neck with a vice-like grip, effortlessly picking me up to meet his gaze. "Eu...Eugene...where is...Eugene...my...husband.." I choked, feeling consciousness slip away as his clenched his hands harder around my throat. "What did...what did you do to him? Where is Eugene?" His grip lightened, enough for me to gasp a small breath. He fell silent only for a moment before he tightened his grasp again, pulling me to within inches of his cold, dead face. As darkness enveloped me, he let out one last wheeze, and whispered, "Ravioli, Ravioli, give me the formuoli." 