
Things had been tense in the Penn household ever since Mrs. Penn caught Mr. Penn sifting through the neighbor's trash. She always knew he had eyes for the neighbor lady, but this was the last straw. She could only imagine what he might have been looking for. Something gross, surely. "You're a fucking pig," she spat at him as they argued in the kitchen. He stiffened for a moment, wondering if she had discovered his secret. It couldn't be. They hadn't been intimate in weeks, ever since he was wiping and he felt that little tail that had sprouted out of his coccyx. She was kinky, but not like that. "It's not what you think," he insisted. She was extra irritable due to bad sleep. She claimed he snorted all night. Not snored. But snorted. He wondered if that and the tail were related. "I promise. Something just..." "Just what? Forced you to go looking through her trash? What are you? A stalker?" She slammed the bedroom door in his face. Mr. Penn moped about the rest of the day. He always felt terrible after they fought. He opted to give his aching legs a break and he crawled over to the sofa. It had been fight after fight since trash day the previous Tuesday. The weekend had brought no cease-fire and now all he could do was snort-cry into the blanket on the sofa. As if the tail wasn't enough, his whole body had started aching; his legs from so much walking on two feet and his arms for some undetermined reason. He thought he heard Mrs. Penn calling and one of his ears perked up. Another recent oddity, maybe related to the tail. There it was again. "Honey?" he asked as he crawled to the bedroom door. Once there, he tenderly rose to his feet, groaning in pain as he did. "Are you okay?" He knocked on the bedroom door, his hand curled into a fist. It hurt to spread his fingers out, as if they belonged closed like a hoof. "Can you come in?" He opened the door cautiously and gasped. His wife's nearly flawless face - flawless, if she was asking - was marred by a giant protrusion from her forehead. "Oh, my..." "Is it a zit?" she asked in horror. He shook his head. Definitely not, unless it was the King Zit himself come to wreak havoc upon her beautiful features. "It's like... A horn?" She touched the area gently, her fists also balled into hooves. "Nayyyy," she whined, sounding an awful lot like a whinny. "I'm like a unicorn," she lamented. Mr. Penn couldn't disagree. "Honey, can I show you something of my own?" She nodded, tears creeping down her face. So he turned and mooned her, the little curly tail popping out of his pants. He heard her gasp from behind him. "Oh my gosh. You... You're really a pig." He nodded sadly. "I'm a fucking pig. You're fucking a pig. Now you're a unicorn." "What is happening?" "I don't know. I think this might have been why I was going through the trash..." He knew that explanation wouldn't quite soothe her worries. The neighbor lady really was attractive, at least before she grew three more pairs of arms. "Does this mean we're okay?" he asked hopefully. She scoffed, or maybe snorted, and her foot scraped angrily across the floor in a weird habit she seemed to have just developed. "Yeah, right. The day pigs fly, maybe." As if on cue, Mr. Penn felt an excruciating pain from his arms, right where that dull pain had been for the past few days. A large hump appeared below his shirt and he desperately tore it off, trying to find what was causing his pain. He couldn't help but smile through the pain. "I think we're in luck then," he said as he glanced down. "I seem to have just sprouted a pair of wings." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 