
Rain pattered on the asphalt as the investigator made his way to the crime scene. Little yellow tents covered in various numbers identified evidence, as photographers and police eyed the surrounding area carefully for any additional items of interest. A general mill of navy blue apathy over a corpse, in a nondescript alleyway, far away from where good folk liked to roam. A misstep, and the slight crunch of glass beneath his foot. The investigator looks down at it, sees nothing, and moves on. Not evidence. Just part of a broken bottle. Or at least, it doesn't seem to have anything to do with the stiff. The john doe lays up ahead in the alley, flanked one either side by dumpsters and trash bags piled high with horrible smelling shit. A memorial to whatever bizarre shit would go down out here. The bricks damp and stained with a kind of night soil, the light above flickering. A man leans over the corpse, taking still images of his face. Eyes open, mouth contorted, streams of blood coming from the sides. The investigator almost has to stifle a laugh. He's wearing some ridiculous outfit that looks like it was made in some backroom apartment off seventh. Black and crimson, flowing this way and that up the thin fabric, and he can see the rain darkening the color and pattering the pale white flesh beneath. A paunch, fleshy face and slight jowls. Some middle aged man dead in an alley, a sword clutched in his hand. "Any idea what happened," he asks the photographer. The man shrugs, stands and points to a few evidence items around the corpse. Shells, maybe four to five spent brass lay dully on the pavement. "So we got the call in," the photographer begins, "And they say some guy is trying to fight a bunch of guys in suits doing something in the alley. We guess maybe a drug deal, I don't know." The investigator walks over the corpse, and sees six round wet eyes in the suit, still bleeding. Rain falls on the still open eyes, the hair slick with sweat and precipitation and blood. "So, this guy apparently came in, one witness says," and the photographer gestures to the sword, "Saying a bunch of weird shit about samurai honor and the way of the warrior, and other shit about mastering the blade and having the power of his ancestors." The investigator nods. "So one of the dudes in a suit just pulls out a sidearm, and lays into the fuck. Right there in the open, pop, pop, pop and he's lain out on the street. Probably dead before he hit the ground." The investigator nods. The area is known for an organized crime element, but this is ridiculous. "Any other witnesses?" The photographer scratches his head, thinking. "One. She said she saw the guy walking around with a katana ranting about justice and a pure society or some oddball shit like that." Probable delusions of grandeur, the investigator guesses. Narcissism? Maybe just a mental break from reality? "We got a name on the body?" A head shake. "He resembles a graphic designer or something up on eleventh whose been missing for about two weeks, but there's something else changed about him. Different ancestry or something, the facial structure is all wrong, the hairs a different color." The investigator eyes it. "The fuck dyed it pink," he says. His voice is choked with a kind of dumbfounded exasperation. Another nod. The investigator walks away, rubbing his eyes. It's too early for this kind of shit, and he needs a drink. Preferably the kind that's fifty percent bottom shelf bourbon. He would say this would be the strangest scene he's ever had to come across, but that would be a lie. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ r/storiesfromapotato - for stuff from me r/redditserials - for stuff from me and others 