
"Ah, darling, please turn that bleeding TV off!" Becky exclaimed, "I've only just managed to get back to sleep!" "No," Lenny said determinedly, "you know the deal." You never know whether you might be violating today's rules unwittingly. His friend Harry died that way. He decided to have a shower before reading the daily rule and it cost him his life. For whatever reason on that fateful day the rule of the day was: DO NOT USE WATER TODAY The fucking Rule Squad didn't even let him dry his hair. He was taken to Castle Hill in his dressing gown and shot hurriedly. Harry wasn't the only one that day -- there were three in total. There was nearly a riot that week. "What's the point of these bleeding rules anyway", Becky muttered. While Lenny generally had little patience for Becky's deviance he had to admit that this is something he had been thinking about himself. He hated the rules with a passion but he had to admit exactly quite why these rules existed had eluded him still for the last 28 years. To be fair, it wasn't until he met Becky that he started questioning these things. Up until that point to Lenny's mind the rules were just a fact of life, much like gravity. He didn't want to start discuss this again, though. "Shut up Becky!" Lenny said in anger, "just give me the remote!" Lenny changed the TV to channel 144 and as the screen changed to display today's rule Lenny froze. DO NOT SAY THE NAME 'BECKY' OUT LOUD TODAY An overwhelming sense of dread clouded Lenny's thoughts. "Oh shiiiit, what the hell?" That got Becky up. As she read the rule she turned to Lenny with a look of anguish. "Did you say it?" Becky asked Lenny, "did you say B--". She nearly said her own name but stopped herself just in time. "Jesus!" Becky exclaimed, "did you, erm, did you say my name?" Before Lenny could reply there was a knock on the door. "Rule Squad! Open up!" ---- Theo was hot. You wouldn't think it'd be this warm on a clear April morning at 8 AM. Mind you, the uniform didn't help. He looked much like those medieval executioners you see in movies. He was completely covered in black, including his head. You're best not showing your face too much in this profession. "Just break the flipping door, man!" Justin said impatiently, "it's not as if they're gonna let us in, is it!?." It was only Theo's second roundup with Justin and he was already doing his head in. You just gotta follow procedures. "RULE SQUAD! OPEN UP!" Theo shouted once more. These morning shifts were often awkward. Rule violations later in the day tended to be deliberate, usually depressed people that used the rule squad to put them out of their misery. But these morning calls were often accidental violations. They could be awful. "C'mon, bro," Justin groaned, "the protocol says two minutes." "Let's go and kill the fucker!" Justin added. "Alright, alright, shut up already!" Theo snapped, "give them a chance!" To tell the truth Theo was dreading the next few minutes. He'd seen it all. People begging, running, crying or wetting themselves. Let's just say people aren't their best when facing death. He wasn't as committed to cause as Justin. Ultimately this was just a job to Theo. He didn't *like* doing it but then who would? Well, except Justin. It's not as if it made any difference in the big scheme of things. If he resigned from the Rule Squad someone else would join in a heartbeat. These rules had been a fact of life for centuries and Theo wasn't gonna be able to change that. Besides, this job came with the best perk in the world -- rule indemnity. "Right, I guess we better do this" Theo said. Justin didn't need telling twice. He paced back, getting ready to kick in the door. The next few moments were nothing like what Theo ever experienced before. As Justin ran for the door it started opening of it's own volition. The Rule Breaker had decided to come out voluntarily at the worst possible moment, Theo thought. Justin was unable to stop his momentum entirely and stopped just inside the property. Theo couldn't believe who he saw next. It was his childhood friend, Becky. She had the look on her face of someone that had nothing left to lose. Unfortunately for his colleague she was pointing a handgun at his temple. "Let's play, fucking assholes!" Becky said. ---- I don't usually write -- let me know if you like it. I'll write a ~~second~~third part if anybody's interested. 