
2 February, 2067. The massive computer filled the laboratory, a mass of cables and circuitry which towered over Dr Dane Langley. His team had already adjourned to the pub off-campus to celebrate their success, but Dr Langley wanted a quiet moment with his creation before the government took control of the project the next day. "Rachel," he said, "compile index for me, Dr Dane Langley." "Compiling in process," repeated the computer. Electricity thrummed in the air as a trillion lines of codes extended their tentacles across the world for the information Dr Langley sought. Rachel was only the name they used to impart a smidgen of personality into the program, and what a benign name it was for such a monstrous creation! What Rachel was designed to do was to build a comprehensive report of a person, using information culled from every conceivable electronic source. Privacy groups had long campaigned for the individual's right to privacy, and there was such widespread support for them in this hyperconnected age that Dr Langley had to proceed in the utmost secrecy. If it were even known that he had embarked on this journey, he would surely be publicly lynched. "Compiling complete. Do you wish to view your index?" "Yes," said Dr Langley. "Sort by contributions to my life." A hologram of a bookshelf formed in the air, a collection of motes of light frozen like trapped lightning. A single book spun out from its niche, twirling to reveal Dr Langley's name embossed on the front. For that was what Rachel was - an incomparable librarian, able to instil order in the chaos of information, to bring together infinite threads of knowledge into cohesive tomes. In other words, Rachel could index any person's entire life, in real time, and present it as a single book of references. No one escaped her gaze, no one was spared her scrutiny. "Sorting complete." "Scroll... scroll... scroll..." Dr Langley marvelled at the accuracy of the Indexing. These were the most important people in his life, the ones who impacted him the most. From his parents, to the professors who guided his education, to the politicians who recognised the value of the tool he had promised to fashion. Then, a whim seized him. "Sort by least contributions instead," he said, as a grin crossed his face. "I want to see where my ex-wife ranks." "... Sorting complete." Dr Langley laughed, for there was his ex-wife's name, about twenty ranks from the very bottom. She was just above Perlo, a name he recognised as the grocery bagger he crossed paths with occasionally, and just below Martha, the parking attendant at the campus grounds. Out of the corner of his eye, one name snagged his attention, the way a single burr does to fine cotton shirts. "Rachel, stop. Go back. Back again. Yes, there. Who is... who is ERROR 52? Is that a name?" "Yes, it is a name." "No, Rachel. What I mean is, is that a real entry or is it... a bug? Why does it only say that I once passed Error 52 on the street, and I grumbled at how Error 52 was in my way?" "... Self diagnosis complete. I do not have any bugs in this current version," said Rachel. "I want you to Index Error 52 then," said Dr Langley. A tiny flower of dread bloomed in him - if the program were indeed faulty, it would mean weeks, months of corrections before he could hand off the project. "Index Error 52 fully, I want to see who this person is." "... Indexing complete." "Scroll... scroll... scro-" The command died on his lips as the information in the hologram burned their way into his eyes. "This is impossible!" he said. "Rachel, who is this entity Error 52? Why are there so many accounts of him... or her... helping me?" "Because those accounts are true, Dr Langley. In 2017, when you were born, Error 52 was there to manually regulate the incubator and to prevent you from overheating. A technician had missed the faulty wiring which would have led to you overheating, and quite possibly dying." "But... how would he... or she..." "In 2023," said Rachel, who if she had possessed feelings would have been slightly miffed still at the implication that she was faulty. "Error 52 was there to honk at a driver who was drunk and who had not seen you cycling across the street. My probability analysis shows that you may have perished otherwise, flattened under two tons of steel." "In 2028..." "In 2035..." "In 2044..." Dr Langley sat motionless, long after Rachel had finished reciting the dozen and one ways he could have died. It was not accurate to say that his mind was a blank - rather, it was a firework festival of neurons, as he delved into the infinite possibilities. But the answer eluded him. "Rachel," he said, finally. "Who is Error 52? Why can I not see his or her name? Where is he... or she... now?" "I cannot answer in the way you have queried," said Rachel. "What do you mean? Are you lacking information? How can that be? I have given you the world!" Rachel was quiet for a moment before she replied. "I cannot answer because you used the wrong syntax. Error 52 is not one man or one woman. It is a group, a collective, of people. Please rephrase your question, and try again." --- /r/rarelyfunny 