
"I wish I could've realized it sooner. But the amount of money I normally put into my wallet is nothing, so the dragon never showed much of a change. It was a matter of her being hungry or full. "So, once I got that beautiful check of one hundred billion dollars, things changed. And yes, it was the biggest lottery one could ever win. And yes, I had won it. "So, what one does with such check? Obviously, I hid it into my wallet until I got it into the bank to turn into the literal money," I said, looking at the man in front of me. "I don't fully follow," Thomas muttered, putting one leg over another, trying to stay calm. "What does it have to do with this?" he said, looking at the massive dragon next to us. "It has everything to do with her," I said. "She won't let me touch my wallet anymore. So I went to visit a dragon specialist, and it turns out that more money I own, bigger the dragon." "Oh," Thomas said, nodding. "I see." "Yes," I said, nodding as well. "So, why are you invading my garbage dump again?" Thomas asked, eyes showing huge displeasure. But he couldn't do much about it. The dragon had lied down around us, sleeping. Her tail had twisted around Thomas, while her chin was touching my side pocket where my wallet was hidden. "Where the hell do you think I can hide a fucking twenty-foot long dragon?" I shouted. The dragon opened eyes, looking at me. "I'm just kidding. It's alright. You can keep sleeping," I said immediately, petting the dragon's large nose. She snorted once and closed her eyes once more. "You don't want to anger Clara. The only thing that's saving me is that I took really good care of her, so she actually likes me," I said, sighing. "You want to hear my tale?" Thomas said, groaning. "No." "I'm a hobo. I used to have everything, but that *everything* sucked. So I moved to this place, because I'm safe here, and I'm free. I'm free from all the bullshittery." "Aww," I murmured. "Until you came!" Thomas stage whispered. "I'm sorry, alright!" "No, you're not!" "I am. I didn't think anyone would be at this dump!" "Don't call my home like that!" Thomas hissed. "How do you want me to call it then? Tell me!" I hissed back. "Garbage... dump." I squinted. "Fine, I'm sorry!" We both stayed still, looking at the sleeping dragon. "So, you only need to get your check out of the wallet?" Thomas asked. "Forget it. I tried it already. It's impossible. I can't even change my clothes. And she doesn't understand that it's merely a check." "Well, not everyone owns *a dragon*," Thomas said, sighing. "Hey. I found an egg. She was cute when she came out. So why the heck not?" I said it out loud. "Everyone loves dragons!" "It's a fucking dragon," Thomas hissed. There was a short silence between us. "So, whatcha gonna do?" I shrugged. "I'll probably go and try to find a bigger treasure than my one hundred billion dollars check. Should be easy," I said sarcastically. "I know where you can find one," Thomas said, smirking. "Where?" I asked, eyes showing a sliver of hope. "Find a witch that can you send you to different universes," he said. "And then choose one fantasy world that could have such treasure. Lonely Mountain, Westeros, Treasure Island. You name it. Pick your poison." "Hey," I said. "That's not such a bad idea." "Just don't fuck their story up too hard. I don't want to tell my children a fucked up story how a dragon owns Lonely Mountain, and dwarves are all kicked out of their own home. Who knows where that could lead." "Don't worry about it," I said, smirking. "You'll be coming with me!" "What?" Thomas moaned. And we did fuck up. We fucked up hard. (/r/Elven - for my writing. Check it out!) 