
It had started small. Kyt'theen was just a scribe in his species' cast system, and George was a minor novelty to him alone. Found on a dying, backwater planet, it took more members of the Archaeologists Sect than the Intelligence Division to try and determine how the planet ended up that way. So little had been left. George was found holed up in a remote region of what they called Alaska, a tiny blip of life on the sensor array amidst a massive, barren wasteland. He wasn't even aware that he was the last of his kind. He was easily captured, considered a prisoner of a non-existent war on a planet with nobody left to fight back. The Arnent Empire marches on, Kyt'theen supposed. Now, dangling in a cage from the center of a small private study, George was relaying his story with a rapid clip. Kyt'theen's aide, Menst, was listening with rapt attention across the room, pausing in her cleaning duties. ..."and that's when the House of Lee fled to Lynchburg, desperate to escape the advancing army. Knight Sheridan, however, had foreseen his plan, and stood waiting with a sea of his blood-sworn Union-Bearers. It was there that Robert, Son of Lee realized his error. They met on a bitter night in the Apottomax Tower of Justice, and the winds howled as Robert hastily scribbled his terms of surrender." "Amazing!" Kyt'theen could barely keep up with entry on his memory panel. "But why did the House of Roosevelt's Riders let him surrender alive? Weren't they working for House Abe of Washington in the shadows?" George stared grimly back. "Lee was dead by morning at the hands of Teddy himself..." They gasped. ---- The lecture hall had been crowded to standing room only. George was now free to move about the stage, if only while continuing his oral history of Earth. "The shot rang out across the grassy knoll. In a single moment, the House of Kennedy was no more, and the assassin from the Nixon Guild stared grimly at his keep. The Council at Watersgate would have their way, whether by him or another; he might as well make a tidy profit. Oswald would have to act quickly; the king's bodyguard would be on him soon." The equivalent of Arnent gasps could be heard throughout the audience. The account of Earth was riveting, if a little...different than George related. But as he often assured them, misinformation was one of the first ways that these Humans often worked, even rewriting their own history. ---- It had been a spectacle for a while. Nearly an entire species had started listening, one way or another, to the history of Earth via this curious survivor, George. He took longer and longer breaks between accounts, now broadcasted on subspace channels across the universe. Everyone spoke about it. But the crowds had started to wane as he entered the final leg of history. Hecklers had started to show up regularly in the audience. "But that doesn't make any sense! The King of the District of Columbia has been a long time enemy of Moscow Landing, especially the Bear of the North. Why would he ally with them? I really don't see how he could change his mind that quickly." George squared his shoulders. "As I said, it was shortly after The War of the 38 Kings. Columbia had suffered many hardships at the hands of the Jade Company, and the People's Navy was growing in strength, which meant-" "But I still don't get why the Queen of Rodham wasn't the one in power! It just seemed like everything was pointing at her ascension, and then she just, what...walks away? And what of her husband?" Another voice piped up from the back. "And why was The District invading Arya Landing again?!?" George tried to speak, but the murmur soon became a heated discussion about how Earth should have ended. Kyt'theen shuffled in and ushered Geroge off the stage. Menst sighed. "I think I'll just wait to read the memory tablets." 