
"Sir, we've touched down in what's known here as the Appalachian Mountains," Blorg said the leader of the Fridnar team, aka the Scalpels. They stood on the edge of a cliff, and twinkling lights dotted the warm, green valley below them. "This is one of the more beautiful places we've been, eh sir?" "Stop calling me sir," Captain Rogorg said, turning to look at his friend of over three Earth centuries. "Seriously, what the hell is that about? We're a team, not a bunch a of filthy savages. Tell me, does everyone have their skin on?" "Yes, except Lorg, she's still getting ready. Man, I don't know how humans where this stuff." "It's just how they hold their guts in. Anyway, you really need to do more to remind your wife of the urgency here. The Yakonians have already infilitrated the Cuban government." "They're playing a short game, then." They both fell silent and enjoyed the sight of the stars. It reminded Blorg of when he first asked Lorg to marry him, after they had been dating for months (although it had seemed like many wonderful years already) on Fridnar's third moon. It reminded Rogorg of their win against the Hyperions in the Hindristic Nebula games. No team had managed to infiltrate a major power here yet, and Rogorg wanted to know why. ***** "You mean to tell me that I have to get people's signatures in order to run for office?" Captain Rogorg was telling the party official. "How many?" "Well, sir, it depends on the state ... " Mary, or whatever her name was, tapped a few keys on her keyboard, and the Fridnarian knew it was a delaying tactic " ... but in total...about 900,000 in order to get on the ballot in each state." "What the hell are you talking about? In my home country, anyone can run for office! A child can, of course he won't be elected, but he can do it!" "That's very cute, sir." Rogorg grunted and left the building. He called Blorg with his cell phone. Human currency was easy enough to print for themselves, at least. "Any luck getting a job with the agency?" "Ro, they want to do background checks! They want my family, my friends, all of them to *testify* against me just to get a job!" "What kind of untrusting people are these? This is going to be harder than I thought. Damn, I heard the Yakonians are working with Venezuela now." "And the Klepers are already moving on from Ghana to Gambia." ***** Rogorg knew it was unethical, although not technically cheating, to assume the bodies of whoever they were invading. He didn't see another way, however, and a win was a win. He sat in the Oval Office, sure that in this position of power the Scalpels would win within a week, or perhaps a day or two. Blorg stood in the corner, continually scratching himself. "It's this skin, how can they wear it?" he'd say when Rogorg or Lorg, who sat in a chair staring at a tablet, would complain about it. "What do you mean you can't get the votes?" Rogorg said angrily into the phone. "I've literally developed an engine that can go faster than the speed of light, and still you can't get enough votes to approve a Martian colony?" The gift of technology was something else that was traditionally forbidden in the Invasion Games, but technically not considered cheating. Rogorg had had enough. "I know...I know...ethical concerns, taking care of Earth infrastructure first, all that, of course. But an off-world colony is the first step to any unified world government. What do you mean New World Order? Actually yes, that's a good description of-- What are you talking about? Why *shouldn't* I talk this way? Just get the votes!" "Easy, captain," Blorg said after Rogorg slammed the phone down on its receiver. "We'll find a way, just got to keep trying." ***** "Peace is what brings us together, not war! Peace is what makes a man a man and a woman a woman, not war! Peace is what we must have, for one world must have one government!" All the political representatives cheered Rogorg's speech in the joint session of congress. He was sure that people all over the country, and even the world, were ready now to become one. Then the Scalpels would declare victory for the third time in as many centuries, a record that few could match. A senator, whose name the captain didn't know, spoke in his ear, "Sir, it still has to go through both houses." "Whose houses?" Rogorg said above the ongoing cheers. "I just want you to know, there are still those of us who oppose you in the Senate. We'll filibuster this if you try it without negotiating first." "Filibuster?" the Fridnarian had heard of that term, and he knew what it meant. "No..." he shook his head as the cheers quieted "...no..." he writhed around, dense internal hands pushing against the flimsy skin "...no..." Blorg tried to stop him, but it was too late. A twenty foot tall tentacle monster stood before the Congress. Its orange skin rippled like oil in a breeze, and its dozens of eyes stared everywhere at once. Talons popped out of its tentacles and began whipping at everything in the room. "I'M INVADING YOUR PLANET, YOU SHITHEADS!!!" Blorg looked at Lorg among the ripped and gored carcusses of those who so recently had been clapping for their killer, and said, "Well...I guess this means we lost." 