
The concrete path drew closer and closer, so close that I could make out the spiderwebbed cracks and haphazard dandelions. And then I blinked. My heart was still racing, and my screams still echoed in my throat, but the light of downtown Chicago had suddenly been snuffed out. I was shrouded in darkness. *Ahem*, came a voice. A figure stepped before me. It appeared oddly anthropomorphic, save for the fact that I couldn't *quite* focus my eyes on it. Sorta like if you took an eraser to a pencil sketch of a human, blurring all the smooth edges. It spoke to me, but even its voice seemed garbled and distorted. Then again, maybe that was because I'd just fallen several stories *smack* onto downtown Chicago concrete. "Say what now?" I stammered. "Are you ready?" the thing repeated. "It's time for your test." "My....?" I tried to rack my mind back in order. I'd been drunk. Dancing on a Chicago rooftop during my daughter's wedding. My wife had been laughing at me as I listed across the dance floor. But a chair leg had tripped me, and I spilled over the glass barrier, tumbling, tumbling, tumbling...and then... "I'm in the afterlife?" I asked, completely bewildered. "No," the strange figure clucked. "*That*'s what we need to decide." The thing stepped closer. Suddenly, its voice was booming. "Mr. Attenburg, you have lived a life that neither sufficiently placed you in heaven, nor in hell. As such, it is my solemn duty to put you through a test. The rules are simple. You must endure all the pain you've ever caused onto another human being. If you survive, you will be granted salvation. But if you are to beg for mercy...well...perhaps it would be best not to speak of it." My eyes went wide. "A-all...the pain?" The figure nodded. *Fuck*. I'd been Chicago's most prominent *dental surgeon*. My patients sometimes took *whole months* to recover. I'm talking drills that sprayed saliva and blood, little pincers that yanked wisdom teeth right from their sockets. Once, I'd even given one unlucky bastard an entire bottom row of dental implants. The man's face had nearly swollen to the size of a basketball. My heart beat a rapid staccato. But then, I saw a potential saving grace. "Will I feel everything?" I asked "Oh, you'll go through *everything*," the creature said. "However, if you do not consent you are more than welcome to remain here for the rest of eternity." "No, no need for that," I said, waving dismissively. If I were to feel everything...then that included the anesthetic! Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all. "Are you ready to commence?" the figure asked. "You better believe it," I said, cracking my knuckles and sitting down. If I was about to fall asleep, I might as well be lying comfortably. The figure clapped its blurry hands together, and then the darkness around me flashed suddenly into a blinding white light. Sort of like my dentistry light. The creature before me blew up several times its size--the only variance among all the brilliant light. My heart skipped a beat as I leaned back involuntarily. My jaw began to loosen. I tried to maintain my breathing as best as I could. *I can do this*, I thought. *Hell, I've seen others do it a million times*. "So, how's the family?" the giant figure asked. I frowned. "Vell, Ve'v--" My eyes shot wide. With every syllable I spoke, the figure drove what felt like that little dentistry mirror deeper into my mouth. I brought my hands up to my mouth, but nothing tangible was actually there. "Your girl, Susan, she's about to be married no?" the figure continued. I winced as the invisible mirror drove painfully into the side of my tongue. Suddenly, the figure's face drew crystal clear. It was my own, and I was flashing myself the most devilish of smiles. "Come on now, speak up," my face said to me. "You were a dentist for twenty three years, and we have *so* much to talk about." ----------------- r/M0Zark 