
There's no greater pleasure than witnessing your arch nemesis shackled from wrists and ankles to a wall, suffering and crying as his muscles become small, his cheeks hollow, and the bones bulge out his skin. Torture, to me, was a delicacy, and a challenge. For torture must be diverse, you have to squeeze it from every angle like one squeezes and orange, until it drips no more. But to be honest, I was never the creative sort of overlord. I came up with some good ideas, but after a year the whole thing became repetitive and boring, until it got to the point where I would just go and have a chat with him, making sure madness didn't take seep into his mind, because I feared madness would be his way out, a refuge of sorts. "Leran, it's your third anniversary! Congratulations!" I said, making sure the sarcasm was clear in my voice. The chains rattled. He lifted his head glacially, struggling, looked at me through shivering eyes, and a smile bloomed across his face. "Well, those are three less years to my torture. That's quite the good news, honestly." My brows knitted. "Do you really believe you will survive a thousand years? Can't you see the only thing keeping you alive is the small rations I give you? One day I can just cease feeding you, and starvation will finish you from within." He shrugged. "I like to be positive, and hopeful. And if I leave this world, then that's fine. It happens to the best of us, one way or another. You will be gone one day too. " "Yes, but..." I was speechless. I didn't know what to say. This always happened lately. He was always so accepting of all things, and it made my blood boil with hatred. "I will have to return to the old tortures, then, to remind you how awful life can be." "Honestly, they weren't so bad, and Glon was quite a nice fellow. Hope he worked out the problems he had with his wife." I narrowed my eyes. "Who is Glon?" "Your minion, the one who held the sword and built the fires when you made me rotate on a spit." "Oh, he's quite nice, yes--I me--I mean he will be executed for treason!" Leran held my gaze. His eyes were full of questions. "Treason? Did he betray you?" "Well, you said he was a nice fellow, that goes against my ruling. No servant of mine shall be describes as *nice*, there's nothing nice about us." "You are nice too, honestly. You are following the nature of your heart, the movements of your soul. We may disagree in many things, but our views of the world are different, and I understand that." I drew a deep breath. "You know something, Leran?" "What?" "You are a good person." He smiled, the seeping sunlight illuminated his decaying teeth. "Thank you, you are t--" "That's why you wound up here, and that's why you will never leave." -------------------------------- r/NoahElowyn 