
It wasn't that we suddenly realized all at once. Bunch of us older folks noticed something was... off about them. We tried to say something, but each time we were doubted. And honestly, we couldn't help but doubt ourselves: our wisdom and ability to self reflect blinded us. Because of this, it took a lot longer than was probably reasonable or necessary before our suspicions were confirmed. I'm not going to say that old cliche line "by then, it was too late.", because it wasn't. The cure was simple: stop taking the drug. Many went into denial either because they were already too far gone in their insanity or too scared to take the leap. I couldn't blame them. Those that got off the drugs aged dramatically. In a week, they caught back up to speed. Many of those that made the healthy decision couldn't handle the shock of getting old. Most of them went into depression and no amount of reassurance and advice could alleviate the pain. I could imagine what it was like to be old, but I had decades of resignation to prepare me. I slowly learned to make the best of it, but they thought they were free. Truly free. So many of them that had the courage to quit the drug either drugged themselves numb on something else or quit all together. Not many of the "Free Generation" remains, and it's mostly those who had only started on the drug very recently. They are too young to fend for themselves. So alot of us older folks that are still around have been talking: We had to try the drug ourselves. There are too many to care for and so few of us left. Senior healthcare funding and research dried up after the drug, but our medicine outside of fighting old age was beyond imaginable. We knew the side effects would kick in much, much earlier for us. But, we just needed a few more years. Without it, there just wasn't enough time. --PART 2-- With no alternative, we agreed on a plan. Those useless otherwise would use the drug immediately; this meant the bedridden, dying, and/or utterly senile. We didn't ask for consent, but most of them wanted the drug their whole lives anyways. I knew I did. But, there were those who still bitterly hated the drug and refused it. They remembered the tears they wept as they hopelessly begged the pharmaceutical committee to reconsider. They told me stories of how even their children saw them differently and were ashamed of them. They wept through the agony of still loving them in spite of this; they were just happy that their children at least wouldn't have to fear death anymore. One even admitted to wanting to die quickly so that their children would stop being picked on. "As long as I am their parent, they could never be free." "It'd be better if the children forgot about us altogether." But reality and fate were much crueler, their children though ungrateful died before them anyways. Despite all that they went through, the drug was nothing more than a poison that took what they held most dear away from them. They rightly demanded an explanation as to why they should trust us. Some accused us of delusion, callousness, and fraud. Rarely could I find any surviving grandchildren, so I brought along the orphans of strangers and plead the best I could. Though they had every reason to refuse, by some miracle not one refused. Many covered their eyes and wept as we administered the injection; slowly their wrinkles smoothed out and old aches and scars disappeared. For the rest of us, we tried to delay the injection for as long as humanely possible. With the fate of the world resting on our shoulders, we suddenly received a new lease on life. It seemed some notion of 'we can't die now' reach our bodies as many of us noticed less aches and pains. We were still careful. We slept in pairs and strung 24/7 vitals monitors. The moment any of us flatlined, our partners would administer the injection right away and begin resuscitation. The drug usually alleviated the cause of death, but only bought us a set finite amount of time: we would age backwards until we died. We called it B. Button Syndrome after the famous short story. If there was a cure, we would definitely not receive it in time. We joked that it wasn't the first time we would miss out and we didn't want to find out what the side effects for "the cure" were going to be anyways. 