
The thing about average is, you can see it a million times and still not notice it. That's kind of the point. Average is unspectacular, but never bad. Average isn't the expectation, but it's so close to it that you can always find a logical reason for why it's shown up again. And again and again. No one wants to be average. It's just inevitably where we end up. For me, average has been there since the beginning. No one noticed it, of course. That's just how average works. I've got a brother and a sister. They came first. Then me. And then, shortly after I was born, my father received a letter in the mail informing him that 1) he had a son in Vietnam he'd never heard of before, and 2) that son had stepped on a landmine, blowing off all of his limbs. But he'd survived. So I've got half a half-brother in Vietnam, which in my eyes makes us a family of 3.25 kids. Perfectly average. My grades were perfectly average all throughout school which was only ever noteworthy for the terrible consistency of it all. No A's, no D's. No peaks, no troughs. There was the thought that maybe I was cheating, but if I was it was an extremely modest sort of cheating, which no one could work up the energy to worry about. More puzzling was the overwhelming average-ness of my class and my school and my county and my state. Average. Year in and year out. In math and science, English and history. I was an average student in an average school in an average county in the dead center of the most absurdly average state in the Union. It was perplexing, but again, it was *average* and average is a difficult thing to investigate. By it's very nature, it's where everyone's *supposed* to be, so how concerned ought anyone be by it? We were the *most* average, after all. That was almost something to aspire to. When I left my home state for college, it suddenly began to achieve at a much higher rate. The spell of average was broken. Admittedly, I didn't notice. There were other things happening. The university president - the highest paid public official in the state at that time - was forced to resign on the back of an enormous harassment and discrimination scandal. There was lasting backlash at the executive level, followed by mass resignations. Meanwhile, the university's service workers managed to form an alarmingly competent union. The ultimate outcome was that seemingly everyone working at the university suddenly made the exact same wage. Which just so happened to be average wage at the time. Interesting. But why in the world would I think that had anything to do with me? My relationships all last 4.2 years. I eat 46 slices of pizza each year. My penis is 5.1 inches when erect. Eventually, all that *average* is all I could see. There was no ahead, there was no behind. And everywhere I went, the average came with me. Soaring cities slowed down instantly, as economies and social progress ground down to the national average. Struggling companies surged to a blessed middle ground - but never any higher. It wasn't until my father died at age 76 and years later my mother died at age 81, that it occurred to me that even my tragedies were average. And I began to realize how much we take average for granted. And how for some, average would be a blessing. So I traveled. I spent time in war torn countries, picking through rubble and cracked clay roads. If I was average, I was safe. And if the people living there could be average, then perhaps their days might not be so frightening. Of course, there was still death. There will always be death. But it was smoothed out a bit. Children grew up. Eventually they died, but in the interim they lived. I sought ways to spread my power, but it always came with me, leaving when I left. In the end, it really wasn't much of a power after all. I found a small town, bleak and impoverished, and this is where I'll stay for now. There was a brief time when I thought I could save everyone. I thought I could find a global mid-point between famine and excess and death and avarice. But the Earth finds her own mid-point. Humanity creates her own average. I'm just an aberration. An aberration of average. But for this town average is a pleasant diversion. Unless things have changed, I've only got a few years left. A few years of middling mediocrity. Thankfully I'm quite fond of mediocrity. 