
"I wouldn't do that if I were you." The sound of the unexpected voice sends a shiver down my spine. I swivel 180 degrees in my desk chair, turning my attention from the blank Microsoft Word document on my laptop to the man standing behind me in my cubicle. I have never seen him before, but he looks the part of upper management; tall and clean shaven, mid 40s, wearing a crisp suit and tie. "I was just closing the document," I say. He shakes his head. "Write it." "I don't know what you mean." I can do nothing to hide the panic in my voice. I can't afford to get in trouble for procrastinating again, especially by such a high ranking manager. "You were browsing Reddit," the man says. He reaches past me to grab my mouse and minimizes the Word document, revealing the r/WritingPrompts home page. "Something in the ritual went horribly wrong, and instead of the demon possessing you, you possessed the demon. I bet you have a great story thought out." "I'm sorry." I grab the mouse from his hand and frantically close the webpage, as if he hasn't already seen it. "I wasn't going to write anything, I promise. I'll get back to work." The man's ensuing smile curls my stomach. He reopens Word and moves his hand from the mouse to my shoulder, revealing five long, pointed fingernails. "I'm being serious," he says. "Write it." The heat from his hand grows hotter by the second, until the fabric of my shirt begins to smoke. New ideas flow through my mind, and an incredible story of demonic possession begins to take shape. A few seconds pass before I shake my head. "I should get back to work. I have a meeting in an hour that I need to be ready for, and I'm already on thin ice with my boss." The man snarls at me. "What does it matter if you're not ready for the meeting? Getting fired would be the best thing that could ever happen to you. You hate this job." "That's not true." I try my best to hide the hesitation in my voice. "Listen to yourself, Ed. You're not thinking straight." The man's fingers grasp my shoulder harder, and a trickle of hot blood runs down my arm. "This prompt is less than an hour old, and it's already second on the subreddit. It's behind a prompt that is 20 hours old, so you know it's only a matter of time before it moves up. This story could get you thousands of upvotes, and you could parlay that success into writing a bestselling novel. Or better yet, a trilogy of bestselling novels. Write it." More energy pulses from his body to mine. I can feel him reaching deeper, implanting in me the story that will make me rich and famous. My fingers hover over the keyboard, but I stop them from typing the first words. "You're wrong." "Excuse me?" He digs his fingernails deeper into my shoulder, but I can feel his strength draining. "You convince me of this every time," I say. "You tell me that if I just blow off my job one more time, I will receive everything that I could possibly imagine. But it's not true. I need to let this prompt pass me by. I need to get back to work." In an instant, the pulsing heat from the man's hand dies, and the strength of his grip withers. The ideas of my mediocre story exit my head, and shoot back up his arm. I shrug his hand off my shoulder, and stare into his defeated eyes. "I'll write when I get home tonight," I say, a hint of scolding in my voice. "I will gladly listen to your advice then. Until then, you need to leave me alone." The man nods, and turns to leave my cubicle. "I'll be waiting in the car," he says. "Good." My eyes follow him until he is out of eyesight, just to make sure he doesn't have a final trick up his sleeve. When he is gone, I close Reddit, and prepare for my meeting. 