
I've seen my fair share of the dead. I've probably ripped my fair share of souls out of death's clutches than any of my colleagues. At this point I can't really tell if death is an old companion of mine, one that I've grown to know as a respected rival, or if he well and truly hates me and will have a field day when my time comes. I've lost count of the amount of people I've saved, which could be considered a great thing if only I could also remember the amount of people I haven't. Doctors aren't supposed to forget the ones they lose, whether it's their fault or not. It makes me ashamed. It makes me want to repent. But the more I seek to, the larger both counts grow. &#x200B; I suppose it doesn't matter. I've got a job to do and idly philosophizing will only serve to distract me. The low hum of the engines came back as I snapped back into reality. We were almost there, I could feel it. The planet we were going to was one of the newly afflicted, and so the Plague Coalition sent it's finest, who were available mind you, to the planet to try and stop it. Failing that, to quarantine it and save the survivors. Further failing that, we were to scorch the planet. Well, *we* weren't, that was the military detachments job. If I recall there are supposed to be three billion souls down there, and infection is only at about 4% of the population. It was doable, especially considering the caliber of doctors the Coalition had had the luck to muster. But I've seen things go bad. In fact, bad doesn't even cut it close. A planet, Proxis V... 13 billion total dead, because we couldn't cut it. We couldn't save them. *I* couldn't save them. I haven't really been able to dream since then. At least I could sleep nowadays. Sometimes. &#x200B; I won't let that happen again. &#x200B; The ship began to rumble as we entered the atmosphere. How many planets have I been to? 13? 14? No that's low balling it. We've only been able to successfully eradicate the plague on 3 of them, the rest were successfully quarantined and/or evacuated save one. The clouds became more sparse as we got lower in the atmosphere. I looked out the window and the planet was beautiful. Gorgeous mountain ranges, sparkling lakes and a huge, green grassland lay below us. I looked out the other side to see a luscious forest. I couldn't even bring myself to appreciate it, all I could imagine was seeing it all on fire. &#x200B; We touched down at the makeshift landing port outside our forward operations base and were greeted by some Telekians. I hadn't realized this was one of their worlds. They hated humans. They thought we were weak, naive, and had no honor and no business involving ourselves in the galaxy. We'd been at war with them less than 2 years ago. Instead of dirty looks the greeter called me by name, his voice a mixture of fear, urgency, and a hint of hope. &#x200B; "Dr. Carson! Dr. Carson please, please come this way. We'll take you to the main field camp. We've quarantined most of our sick there. Please, hurry! This way!" &#x200B; I guess my reputation preceded me. No matter. I got in the transport vehicle and we drove to the camp. What I saw was nothing surprising. Coughing, cancerous growths that looked like fungus, sores and blisters. Eyes filled with pus and despair. At the end of the plagues life cycle the victim couldn't move so it was impossible to distinguish from a distance who was dead and who was clinging to life by their fingernails. I walked over to a woman, her child knelt beside her whom I didn't notice at first. His eyes were dried, he was probably out of tears to shed. I got my stethoscope out of my bag and began to monitor her vitals. She exclaimed in fear. A human standing above her with strange tools, poking and prodding? I managed to calm her down, but I knew this wasn't going to be easy. I checked a few more victims to assess the severity. More accurately, to assess who I needed to send to death because they were beyond saving. This no longer fazed me, it was my offering to the reaper. A plea to stay his hand for those who could still be saved. &#x200B; I stepped outside once I had completed my execution list. That's exactly what it is. A list of people I've deemed impossible to save, and thus to be executed. Perhaps my soul is tarnished because of this. No matter. I took a deep breath and headed back inside to find the camp director and lead scientist. &#x200B; It was time to get to work. 