
Container ships got automated a long time ago. GPS satellites could guide them through the oceans, and people only needed to be onboard to make repeats and guide them into a port. But somehow, all our satellites never managed to spot a continent the size of Europe in the middle of the Pacific Ocean. Instead, it was discovered by the cargo ship 'Harmony', which, believing there was open ocean in front of it, made landfall three days too early and crashed into the Neo-Pacific landmass. Two days after a distress call was received, a team of scientists from almost every different country, studying every different area were dropped onto the unexplored land, to explain how something so large could go unnoticed for so long. After the sun had set, Nick Reeves, a geologist, was set down on the coast, next to the sparkling lights of the Neo-Pacific base camp. A band of orange crested the sky over the ocean as the sun slowly set over the rest of the pacific. Upon entering the flimsy plastic cabins, discussion was already going strong about how this huge island appeared from seemingly nowhere. A man who, from what he was speaking about, was obviously a seismologist was speaking at the moment. "Seismology shows that it's not floating. It's firmly rooted to the Pacific Ocean floor. It's part of the crust. Something this large takes millions of years to form. This isn't just another Surtsey." Another man continued, adding his own readings and ideas. "It can't have been under the surface either. The pacific has always been deep. We could see that from space. But somehow, we couldn't see this. And the biology..." "The biology," a biologist interrupted, "doesn't seem as if it's been submerged. Whilst there seems to be no mammals or birds, the plants that are here seem as if they've been on the surface for their whole lifespan. There's some trees here that are near a hundred years old." Nick broke in here. "I need a chance to look at the soil. How saline it is, moisture, trace chemicals, stuff like that. And the ground too, the bedrock. That way we can work out how old this thing is, how long since it formed." Others continued after him. Some pulled out whiteboards, complex data on printed documents. It went on all night, Nick listening intently and adding in where he could. Eventually, he retired to his assigned bunk, eagerly awaiting the morning. The sunrise was blocked by a huge mountain range. The seismologist had been right - there's no way this place was newly formed. Satellite imagery had provided all sorts of useful information. The continent was roughly circular, with rather smooth coasts. Their base camp was next to a mountain range which spread around the entire Western coast. Nick gathered soil samples a mile from the base camp. Hopefully they would correlate to those from the other nearby land masses - that would give them some clue as to where this thing started. He wanted to get samples from the other sides of the mountains, and see the huge things themselves. Hopefully he could find out when they formed. A bumpy jeep ride up the cliff side gave him a chance to really see just how different - or how similar - this place was. It seemed tropical, much like Fiji. Palm trees, high temperatures, wildlife adapted to monsoon seasons. Not that there was much wildlife apart from the plants. It really was as if this place had been submerged. On a plateau on the mountainside, he got out of the jeep to take a look at the mountain, the type of material it was made from. They hadn't quite reached the top yet, but the vegetation had already stopped and things became more rocky. It looked layered, like slate or something sedimentary. But it had an off consistency, as if it was- Nick's thought process was interrupted by the jeep backing up behind him. "What's up?" "Nick, look." said one of the seismologists who was taking a ride down to the other side of the mountain. "Look at what?" "The floor. What you're standing on." They should have sent an archaeologist, Nick thought. Concrete. He was standing on concrete. ------------------------------------ More coming soon! 