
He scratched softly at the base of the basement door. I sat at the kitchen table with hollow eyes. The breakfast sandwich steamed alongside the freshly roasted coffee, but I had no stomach for either. I wrung my hands, trying to ignore the smarting scratches down my forearms. "It's going to be alright," I whispered, more to myself than to the monster trapped downstairs. A lump formed in my throat. "I'll make it right." It wasn't my intention to lock him down there, but I didn't have much of a choice in the matter. Not anymore. The twists and turns of life thrust me into an impossible situation; this was the only solution. How was I supposed to know that the small welp I adopted would turn out to be so dangerous? If I'm being honest with myself, this was my father's fault. It was his rum-soaked rage that made me slam the door, walk to my car in disgust and start the fateful drive. I threw on "Highway to Hell" and pushed the speedometer until it started wobbling on the top end. I needed a catharsis. I drove for hours. The evening sun dropped below the trees, the fuel gauge blinked ominously, and I took a final drag from the last cigarette in the glove box. I don't remember where I stopped. I remember seeing the big cardboard box with the 'Adopt Me' sign and praying desperately that someone hadn't abandoned their baby. It was that kind of neighborhood. The streetlights cast flickering shadows on the pothole-ridden street. I rolled down my window; the air rushed in, thicker here than at home. It smelled like an odd mix of cherry wood, rotten eggs, and citrus. Stray dogs stalked the shadows, yipping and howling like wolves to fresh meat. I was afraid they hurt the child. I walked to the box. Every step of my boots echoed on the street. Besides the dogs, the neighborhood was dead silent. My pulse rose, and every hair on the back of my neck stood on end. The puppy whimpered in the box. I sighed in relief; it was just a stupid dog. How foolish to get all worked up over nothing! Then I frowned. There wasn't a soul in sight. This pup must have been starving, thirsty, and exposed to the elements. I couldn't just leave it. I scooped it from the box, and it immediately calmed, cooed and licked my wrist with two of its three heads. I thought it odd--a three-headed dog--but I figured three heads were far better than one. I walked back to my car and named it Pickles. My father did not approve. But I didn't give a shit. Pickles was relatively well-mannered. Sure, he spat fire when he got an upset tummy. I guess I couldn't blame him; my shithead father dumped a can of Coors into his water bowl. Pickles did his best, but the poor thing was wobbling around for hours, burping smoke and cinders and chasing our family's cats around the house. When Pickles grew larger, things escalated. The pup needed food, and the only thing that didn't cause his stomach to get all rumbly was raw slabs of meat. When he could go a week on two pounds of beef, this wasn't a big deal, but I soon found myself buying a half-slab of cow every few days. Pickles ate one of our cats. Pickles ate one of our neighbor's dogs. My father had enough. He gave me an ultimatum: either I fix the problem--or he would--permanently. He went out and bought a twelve-gauge shotgun. I knew what I had to do. Because I'm staring at the basement door, and I know Pickles is down there. I know Pickles is hungry. And I know that there's only one way this ends. I really hope my father doesn't scuff the door with all the scratching. Bon Appetit, Pickles. &#x200B; *** More sinking realizations at r/BLT_WITH_RANCH 