
"B-back off!" I exclaimed, swishing my feeble dagger at them, a fruitless attempt at keeping the ruthless group of 4 Level 80s at bay. They laughed and mocked me, showing no signs of backing off as they advanced, all clad in full adamantite armor. "Last warning! If you don't back off, I'll slaughter all of you!" I shouted. They only laughed harder. Little did they know, this Level 39 they were picking a fight with was in fact a Level 325. In a world where the highest Level recorded was 400, I was revered among those who knew me. However, I preferred to hide as a Level 39, which meant attacking me would grant no sizable reward. Usually, no one fought me; I kept to myself, and didn't go looking for trouble. These Level 80s, however, were renowned for being the most devoted worshippers of the Lunatic Cultist, who carried them up to a decently high level, enough for the group to be a forced to be reckoned with. These conceited, vainglorious people were also known for their mercilessness; they hadn't let a single person past them without being wounded. I had tried my best to stay low, but they were determined, and I couldn't escape without blowing my cover. Without warning, one of the Level 80s dashed forward and slammed the dagger into my solar plexus. In my Level 39 form, I had taken a mortal wound. Spurting out blood, I staggered away, dagger still in place, as the one who stabbed me simpered at me while the others snickered gleefully. I cursed under my breath as I collapsed involuntarily. The one who dared to make a move on me, I had memorised his face already. He stared at me with a look of disdain, pulled the dagger out from me with magic, and asked coldly, "Any last words?" I was barely able to whisper, and he seemed to realised that. Although he was chuckling while he kneeled next to me, it didn't reach his eyes. I stared him dead in the eye, and in this moment, he stared into my eyes, the abyss within me, and he was overcome with grief, despair and shock. I leaned forward, my wound completely healed, clothed in full Solar Flare amour, my Last Prism in my hand. He weeped silently, bound from my Eternal Curse, and I made sure he was in full view of his beloved, horrified group members. I leaned forward, and whispered to his already disintegrating ear: "Fear me." First time writing on Writing Prompts, constructive criticism is appreciated! Game I was referencing is Terraria (Eternal Curse is just something I made up though, and Terraria isn't an RPG game). 