
Humanity firmly believes it cracked the code on how our bodies function, think, and move. We receive inputs, sight, sound smell, feel. Those inputs are then sent to the brain as electrical signals where they are processed and sent out to various muscle groups to create movement. There is a small delay between input and output, fractions of a second, but for nearly everything a person will encounter in their life this delay is inconsequential. However, there are times when the delay is too much, and this often results in death. My body is a different story. For some reason, it just seems to know what is going on and what is about to happen. I didn't think much of it as a kid, I never lost a game of dodgeball but I just assumed my classmates couldn't throw very well or that I was fast for my age. Things started to change during high school. Like most young teenagers I was enthralled by the popularity that came with a spot on the football team. At this point, I wasn't exactly a macho man, but I wasn't scrawny either, so I figured I'd give it a shot. My throws weren't spectacular and i couldn't kick a ball through the goal post to save my life, but when it came time for receiving drills, if I got my hands on the ball, nothing could stop me, I was weaving through varsity players like they were air. The rest of my schooling went well, I even got offers to play for high profile colleges, then for NFL teams and life was good well into my 30's. I was doing well in professional football, even settled down with a lovely wife, Lucy, and a beautiful baby girl, Asha. We were asleep when it happened. Three men each armed with a shotgun slipped into our house in the dead of night. They hoped to get away with the standard fare, money, jewelry, electronics, you know the deal. I found myself out of bed as they entered, Lucy still asleep with Asha in her crib on the other side of the wall. After I triggered the silent alarm, I woke Lucy up and told her to get the baby and wait in the safe room until the burglars were gone. As we slipped through the hallway, around the corner came one of the men, Lucy screamed, he fired and they were gone. The pellets all seemed to miss me but they found their marks on Lucy and Asha. As the police arrived the men went out the back and began their escape. The police eventually caught them, but I didn't care, everything in my life that I cared about was gone. The worst part wasn't that my girls died, it was that I didn't. I could bare to live in a world without them. I quit the NFL, I drank myself to sleep every day for 3 months and everything culminated on a cold february night with an empty bottle of cognac on the ground and a shotgun in my mouth. I pulled the trigger and as it fired my head had already moved to the side to dodge it. I finally realized what made me special my whole life, I could move without reacting. I spent the next year trying to push myself into as many potentially fatal situations as possible, robbing banks, stealing from the police, even ransacking military installations. No matter the firepower I was up against, it seemed I could just walk straight through the bullets, my body read their movements exactly. I was ready to risk it all, July 18th 2028 I walked up to the white house lawn and went over the fence. Armed with nothing more than an AR-15, I walked through the gun fire of a small militia, through the doors of the oval office and shot President Schwarzenegger right between the eyes. They could do nothing to stop me and I had every means to end them, permanently. As word spread across the world, some nations fell into line immediately and others required some nuclear persuasion. But by 2035, the world was mine and no one and nothing could stand in my way. I ruled until I was 68, growing more benevolent as I aged realizing that for all my abilities, I couldn't bring back Lucy and Asha, but I could make the world a better place so no one else would need to go through what I did all those years ago. As I walked towards my bed, something felt strange for the first time in my life, I had searing pain in my arms and then no feeling at all. I grabbed my chest as a i fell to the floor, quickly realizing what was happening: a massive heart attack. All my life, my body could avoid any danger, but it couldn't avoid itself. 