
From beneath the comforting fabric of her black robe, Nocturne sighed. This had to be her third museum heist this year already, and it's not like there were that many museums to pick from. At this rate, she'd have to start stealing from the Musical Instrument Museum or the History of Dairy Museum soon. Still: the display of Incan Relics at the Museum of Indigenous Peoples was worth the risk of repeating oneself. As a bonus, the artifacts were valuable enough that people would assume she was stealing them just to re-sell them, never guessing her *true* purpose. Nocturne adjusted her burnished metal eye-mask, scanning the room carefully. After she was done here, she could do some banks, maybe try a government building to shake things up. She was getting to a point where she had her legacy to think about, after all. Nocturne approached the first display case and carefully rolled down one of her elbow-length gloves, sliding it off and folding the black silk in her hand. She delicately placed a carefully manicured finger on the glass and waited as obsidian waves emanated from the point of contact. She felt the resistance give way as the surface changed to dark ether, then casually reached in and grabbed the ceremonial headdress waiting within. Her cloak rustled as she turned on the heel of one of her knee-length boots, moving on to the next relic. Just as she was about to lay her hand on the case, she froze. Garish fluorescent lights began flashing around the walls of the room. A rich, baritone voice behind her commanded, "Stop right there, evil-doer! You have been caught red-handed by Lieutenant Kernel." Nocturne groaned. "That is, hands down, the *worst* name I've ever heard," she called out, still not moving, "and keep in mind that I've faced off against *Fry Guy* and someone who called himself *Montezuma's Revenge*." "Divulging your evil plan will not help save you from my technological might, villain! You are about to get a one-way ticket to Justice Town!" At this, Nocturne turned around, a fiery retort on her lips. Whatever she was about to say, though, ended up coming out as a quiet "What in the actual f--" Standing before her, arms akimbo, legs shoulder length apart, was...she actually wasn't quite sure what she was looking at, because the colored lights she had noticed earlier were sweeping across her vision. "Listen, would you mind...turning those off? I think you're going to give me epilepsy if I look at you much longer." Lieutenant Kernel frowned, then brought a forearm to chest level and touched some buttons on a small control panel there. The lights turned off. "It's cyan, magenta, yel --" "I don't care. At all" Nocturne interjected. There was an awkward pause as her eyes adjusted to the dim lighting in the museum. The hero broke the silence: "I wield the power of a *computer*! Now, I will use my technology to turn on the lights - without using a switch!" Nocturne shook her head. "Look, kid, let me give you some -- holy hell what is *that*?" Lieutenant Kernel had turned 90 degrees, aiming his wrist control at the wall, and then paused. "What is what?" Nocturne had not noticed in the low light before, but now that the hero was in profile... "Are you - you can't...is that a *codpiece*!?" The hero looked downward, then back at his foe. "I don't...think so. What's a codpiece?" All that was visible of Nocturne's face beneath her hood was her mouth, and it was currently contorted in horror. "You...that's *you*? Good God! Get...get...some compression shorts, or a...a cup, or...duct tape? Something. *Anything*." "Ha ha ha! Your attempts to distract me will not work!" He clicked a button and light flooded the room. Nocturne screamed. "Ahh! It's even worse! Where is the rest of it? Why are you...did you shave your *abdomen* but not your *legs*? And...are those...are those *nipples*?" Lieutenant Kernel shifted awkwardly as he looked down again. He had a molded breastplate that left his midriff bare, like some sort of medieval sports bra. The lights were mounted on the shoulders. Below the waist, he was wearing tight - extremely tight - shorts, and they were definitely short. He looked like a basketball player from the early 80's. For reasons that Nocturne could not fathom, there was nothing from his mid-thigh to his lower calf, leaving his hairy legs exposed. "What?" he frowned. "I made it myself!" Nocturne's lips were now closed tight, the corners of her mouth twitching. "You...don't say." She looked him over again, cocking her head to one side. "Oh...oh, honey, no. What's on your head?" "It's a fedora. Why?" Nocturne's body was shaking with barely repressed laughter now. "But...what's on top of your...fedora?" "It's the energy pack! I couldn't figure out how to strap it on myself without it burning me. See?" He turned around and showed his bare lower back, which was marred by an ugly, rectangular welt. It was too much. Nocturne threw her head back and the empty museum rooms echoed with the sounds of her cackles. Lieutenant Kernel's eyes were wide as he stared down at the floor. "I need to power my unit somehow," he said quietly. "Your UNIT!" Nocturne shrieked, tears running freely down her face. "To be honest, I think your *unit* has plenty of power already! Oh...oh...I think I peed myself a little. Your unit!" She continued laughing, dabbing at her eyes with the glove she had removed earlier. "Okay, kid, I...I can't take this anymore. I'll go with you if you promise to never go out in public dressed like this ever again." She had mostly recovered but every now and then something would set her off and she would lapse into a burst of giggles. The hero gave a somber nod, his face tight, and escorted Nocturne out of the building. * * * /r/ShadowsofClouds 