
Puke-green neon burned through my closed eyelids with a suddenness that left me with a feeling of immediate nausea. The lights artificial texture brought the idea of Granny Smith apples to mind and I tried to shake my head to clear the errant thought. Nothing happened. It wasn't that I was paralyzed; it was more that the action just ... wasn't available. There was no weight to the movement. I began to open my eyes. Again, nothing happened. My vision remained the same. I had never rightly felt any kind of weight of my eyelids but goddamnit did my face feel a bit lighter than it should have. Slowly, I began to realize that the green light that had awoken me was pulsing gently. *Awoken me?* *Had I been asleep?* Realizations suddenly began boring into my brain like the hungry needles of a sadistic phlebotomist. "*Where am I*?" I tried to say. The words came out, but they definitely hadn't come from my mouth. It was almost as if reality had shit them out in the general vicinity of the essential *me*. My right eye wanted to twitch but apparently it didn't exist anymore. I needed to calm down and focus. I brought the full weight of my attention to the sickeningly sweet Granny Smith light in front of me. At first it was a little blinding, but after a few moments I could make out that the light was in the shape of words. The rest of reality around me held a darkness so complete it was suffocating, but the words kept their pulsing vigil. *Skills* A Lesson (This one was written in a fancy script for some reason) *Memory* The words were arranged perfectly equidistant from one another, glowing and fading in perfect unison. It seemed to be a choice. I had been tip toeing around the thought, but I decided I needed to face the truth of the situation I was in. I was dead. I tried to recall the last memory I had before I wound up here. I was pretty sure I had drowned when I had swum out to go save... Someone? No, it hadn't been a person. It had been a dog. Milo. Memories of Milo began flooding my drought stricken brain. He was a Shepherd. He was loyal. He was my best friend. Was he okay? Suddenly, a new option appeared alongside the others, matching in pulse but with an intensity that made them pale in comparison. In large, bold letters the word practically yelled. DOG ---------------------------------------------------- Michael could not take his gaze away from his newborn son. The boy's chubby cheeks, his rosy skin, and even his Granny Smith green eyes were all perfect to him. He had not felt such love before in his life, even for his wife and it scared him a bit. But something about that kids face told him it was going to be alright. He thoughts cast themselves to his own youth and what a shitshow that had been. He swore again to himself that he wouldn't make those same mistakes his father had. The only good thing that man had ever done for him was to get him Jeb. Jeb had been a wonderful dog and Michael didn't know what his childhood would have been like without him. He came back to reality for a moment, a thought catching hold of him. He pulled out his phone and googled a list of shelters in the area. *Maybe a shepherd?* He thought to himself idly. 