
"Hooah, sir!" The multiple pressure sensors in each of my tread plates thrilled as I crept forward. Bones, gravel and twisted metal gave way before my bulk. Heat sensors affixed to my reinforced, hardened exterior felt the sun as it beat down. It was a beautiful day. The air purification system was in the green and my squad mates were breathing happily. I loved them all. Except for Jasper. "Sir, I've gotta say, it's a good day to be CX-Clarence." "Why's that?" "It just is." Captain Brody was like my brother. Except, to be fair, she was more like a sister. She had been commanding the lost boys inside me for the better part of the last two years and from the start we had hit it off. "Sensors, Martin?" she asked, her voice calm and strong. "Ah, ma'am, we're clear for the next 500. Little fuzz past that." Martin. What a pal. "Yeah, a little fuzz past that," I echoed. My microphone array picked up a stifled laugh from Martin's station. Martin respected me and what I was capable of in a way that no one else in the squad bothered. I think it was because he knew my capabilities better than the rest. He knew he was redundant, not me. "Visual on the fuzz past 500?" Brody chirped. "Visual on the fuzz past 500 is negative, ma'am. Some sort of a fog in the valley." Debeau called from the hatch. Debeau was funny. Debeau could make me laugh. No one especially loved when my funny bone was tickled though. When my humor matrix was accessed I tended to be a bit 'wonky'. I'd disable features like comms entirely, or delay drive controls by anywhere from 300 to 700 milliseconds. I just loved to join in on the fun. "It's gotta be artificial," Debeau continued. "It's too dry out here for a real fog." "Probe it," Brody said, matter-of-factly. I readied a canister probe and a wheeler before Martin even shifted in his seat. He knew it. I watched through my seven forward facing interior cameras as he pretended to ready the probes. Instead he typed into the terminal, *arrogant showoff ;)*. "Probe it, aye. Canister or wheeler, ma'am?" Martin's finger quivered over the key, ready to race me to Brody's decision. "Canister." Martin slapped the key, launching the probe from one of my compressed air tubes. I watched his posture deteriorate as he noted I hadn't made a move to comply. *You let me win...* *Then is it really winning?* I teased. The canister landed and data started to feed to my forward data receivers. None of the information seemed useful at all. "Ma'am?" "Yes?" "This probe isn't giving us cow dung, ma'am." I didn't like swearing. "We should just go take a look." "I don't really like the looks of things," Brody responded. "Like Debeau said- that fog ain't natural." "It's not even fog. It's smoke," I shot back, annoyed. "Even better reason to sit still until we know more." I sighed. Audibly. I had downloaded an audio clip of someone sighing tragically from an old movie archive. I kept it around for times like these. "Keep it to yourself, Clarence," Brody scolded. She flipped a switch and my comms flew open. In an instant the override flooded my ears with every communication going on within range of my radio. "This is Captain Brody of Charlie Xray-Clarence requesting air survey- two klick radius of our current." As soon as a response was inbound I cut all other traffic. A soft drawl drifted across my speakers. "Ah, Charlie Xray, this is AlphaNiner-Wilma we are heading 34, 1.5 of your current. Just headed back to base, can survey when we're sitting on top of you." Brody double clicked her radio to acknowledge. Approximately 17 seconds later the AlphaNiner called back- this time a different voice. "I'd rather not scan that area. Contact another airship." "Charlie Xray, disregard that last correspondence. Will survey," the drawl came again, no longer softly. "What the hell?" Martin groaned. "Those Alphas are useless." "They really are," I agreed. "Ma'am, can we proceed?" "Not until we get the Alpha's survey," Brody snapped. A quiet moment passed, and then the drawl crackled over the radio, "Surveying, Charlie Xray-" "That's enough," the second voice cut in, lazily. "Heading home..." Then several partial readouts popped up on Brody's display. The area of interest was cut clean in half where the Alpha had stopped the survey. "Son of a bitch!" Brody cursed. Martin laughed. Debeau poked his head in to see what was going on. "I'm going," I said firmly, and began rolling forward. Just then my engine jerked to a halt. I felt the kill-switch engage- the kill-switch I thought I had routed around. And there on my rear facing cameras, grinning grimly in his mechanics chair, was Jasper. His fingers left the little death lever and, looking straight into CamR06, he gave me a little salute. Edit: a verb's tense 