
The door shut, and I was submerged in darkness. I stood their uncertainly, then called out to the shadows. "Can I sit?" My voice echoed back at me. "Can I sit Can I sitCan I sit..." No one else answered. I took in a breath, then another. I could feel anxiety build in my chest - that all too-familiar feeling of the walls crushing in on me. I tried to remember what the room had looked like before it had gone dark. It was just...an empty room. *Go to the wall,* I thought, and I began walking, reaching my hands before me to seek out the comfort of a wall, a corner, anything. I took big steps at first, then smaller, moved more cautiously; surely I would reach the wall soon. Any moment... I paused in my confusion. The room hadn't been *that* big...I should be nearly there. I reached out again, took big steps. I braced myself to run into something...but several seconds later, there was still... "Nothing," I whispered. *Nothingnothingnothing...* I moved to sit, but as I did, the world seemed to tilt around me. I felt blood rush to my head, as though I were hanging from my feet; I hurriedly stood again, and nearly stumbled into nothingness as my balance returned to me. My breathing became panicked bursts. "Okay...everything is fine..." *fine* I tried to reassure myself. "This is just...some weird job...you do this for an hour...you get tons of money. Money you *really* need. You can do this." *do this* I forced in one steady breath, then another. "You can do this..." *do this* All at once, the air seemed to condense, pushing against my skull, my chest. It was impossible to breathe. I tried once, then again. Panic blossomed anew in my chest. "Hey!" *HEY* I screamed, but my voice came out a whisper. "Stop - I can't breathe-" *breathe!* The force relinquished, and I collapsed to my knees. The world lurched upside-down again; my long hair fell over my ears and hung into empty space above - below? - me. "That's it!" I screamed, feeling tears prickle my eyes. "I want out! I want *out*!" out! out! My body flipped right-side up, and my hair whipped against my face; My senses returned as the lights flashed on, the plain white room reappeared. I filled my lungs with air, collapsing against the pristine white floor. "28 seconds," a young woman in a white coat said, scribbling on a clipboard. "That comes out to...about 777 dollars." She beamed at me, handed over a check. I stood with shaking legs. "I d-don't...understand." I stood on shaking legs, took the check with a sweaty hand. "We're trying to determine what the beginning was like," the doctor explained, pulling a small handkerchief from her pocket. "Here, you can keep it." I pressed it against my face. I was soaked in cold sweat. "The beginning?" "Yeah. You know, *the* beginning. Of everything." She turned from me, pushing her glasses to the top of her head. "This room is as close to a simulation to the start of the universe as we have yet created, but...so far, there isn't anyone who can withstand it for more than a minute." My heart fell. People lasted in here *twice* as long as me? "But...what does that have to do with..." "Well, it doesn't matter." The woman turned again and beamed at me. "Thank you for your participation. You can leave the way you came." I headed hesitantly to the door, gripping the check so tightly I feared it might rip. Over seven hundred dollars...that would be more than enough to buy the booze I needed to forget what I felt in that room. 