
*Fight.* The words echoed in my head, a familiar pulse of intent that ripped through my entire body. Normally, it was a pulse that I trusted--a pulse that I followed to great success. But this time, as the hulking creature in black metal armor stood where the restaurant's salad bar had just been, I didn't quite feel the same way. "What the *fuck*," I said, the words slipping between my lips. There wasn't even a thought attached to them, just the pure, unadulterated horror that came with seeing something appear out of thin air. The silent, nameless creature raised its black metal blade again and whipped around to pick its next target. With the entire restaurant fleeing at speeds only attainable by people running for their lives though, it didn't have that tough of a time. The businessman in the fine suit that had been sitting only a few tables away from me made the mistake of sparing a glance backward. It was the last mistake he ever made. The creature surged, moving at speeds I could barely comprehend as soon as its target had been set. The man shrieked, stumbling to the ground. He fell, gravity pulling his head to the ground. But before it even got the chance to fall, it was torn clean off. My stomach roiled at the sight and I almost scrambled backward. The absolute horror of the armored creature scared all decipherable thoughts from my mind. All except one. *Fight.* The creature moved again, splitting the air like lightning as it went to slaughter its next crowd. I wanted to run, to get myself to safety at all costs, but I was stuck in place. The voice's intent rippled through me and I found myself unable to defy it. It had always given me the best option in every situation. Why was it stopping now? Why was it calling me to fight when I would just get killed? I questioned the voice, pleaded with it in my mind to change, but it didn't. Each time I asked, it only gave the same response. *Fight.* In the corner of my eye, the creature in black armor rose. Its blade cut a table in half and a shrieking woman along with it. Still moving at breakneck speeds, it tore through the fleeing crowds, taking every single life it could find. No matter how fast they tried to run, it was never fast enough. They all got caught. They all died. And so, pulling up whatever dregs of courage I had from inside of myself, I gave into the voice. Raising my fists and taking the shakiest deep breath of the rest of my life, I ran at the creature. If I was going to die either way, I decided. I might as well go out swinging. My feet slammed against the restaurant's tile floor as I flew toward certain death. For a moment, the creature stopped its mindless extermination and turned to me. As soon as it did, my eyes shot wide and my heart skipped a beat, but it was already too late. It had seen me. There was no getting away now. So with the mangled sounds of death echoing all around me, I took my final steps toward the beast and raised my fists. It raised its blade as well. A jolt of fear straight to my core. But before I could back out, before I could even think about running away, the voice in my head was back saying the exact same thing as before. *Fight.* My fists slammed into its armored chest in a flurry of rage-fueled blows. Its sturdy armor slammed right back, and I bellowed in pain. Yet through it all, the voice in my head kept yelling. Over and over, it told me to fight. So I didn't let up. I punched the creature with all I had, grinding my fists to bloodied knuckles. And by the time it had become more than I could take, I stumbled backward and dropped to my knees. Looking up at the creature through blurry eyes and a haze of pain though, I raised my hands again. But as I waited for my death, tears streaming down my face, the thing stood there and watched. It had its blade raised, but it didn't attack me at all. It just stared down at my bloodied and helpless form. Watching and wordless. Then, as soon as the people who'd stayed in the restaurant to watch realized their mistake and tried to run away, it raised its blade once more. All of their screams were silenced at once with a single throw. Glass shattered behind, clattering in a street paved with blood. Its black blade came back to its hand, darting through the air as if on some supernatural wind. But it still didn't strike. It still didn't end my miserable life. Instead, it stared down impressed. With pride, as if it respected the fact that I'd fought. Before I knew it, it offered its hand to me. My head spun in confusion, whirling with the impossibility of it all. I didn't know what was going on. I couldn't have known if I'd tried. But fortunately, whether I knew or not didn't matter as the decision had already been made. All at once, a familiar pulse rocked my body, cutting with pure and clear intent. *Accept*, it said. And so I did. --- /r/Palmerranian 