
The faceless man without a name sat down on the sidewalk, shaking a jug of coins at the bypassing people. He didn't have a name or face because this story took place in a world without a proper setting or forethought, words were scarce and descriptions suffered in turn. The only things that existed were his immense fortune somewhere out in the ether, and the busy street, which was the scene of the story. Not too surprisingly, a stranger walked up to the man. Let's call her Betty, I mean, who really cares about her name. What matters is that Betty was a struggling single mother. She was several months behind on her rent, and her landlord was evicting her. She also had a daughter that was very ill - chronically so - and didn't have money for proper treatment. Seeing the poor man on the street, dressed in nothing but rags, made her stop. No matter how rough things got, there were always people who had it worse. She was just about to give him her last spare change, when something unbelievable happened - something that wasn't in the script. The woman noticed the grubby child sitting next to the man. Now a new dilemma presented itself to Betty. She had her arm stretched out and ready to drop the coin into the jug of the poor man, but she hesitated. The homeless child probably needed the money more than the man. Could she change her mind in this situation? Was that the right thing to do? The expression of mixed happiness and surprise on the man's face made her heart ache. What would she see in his gray eyes if she pulled her hand back? Disappointment? Hatred? Her eyes wandered to the dime in her hand. Could she ask the beggar if he could change it for two nickels so that she could give them one each? That seemed very out of line to Betty. "Just drop it in mine," the man said with a look at the child. "He'll be better off from it as well." Betty was a bit taken aback by the bold statement. It was such a blunt thing to say. How would the child be better off if she gave the money to the man? That seemed like such a messed up idea - the child was clearly starving. "I, uh, I..." Betty said and finally pulled her hand back. The man shook his head at her, and Betty sniffed. She dropped the coin into the open palm of the child and hurried off. The problem with this course of action, even though it seemed morally right to Betty, was that the rich man disguised as a poor man still hadn't received help. Now, if the man had been a proper character with a bit of depth, he would've realized that the woman was a good person anyway, and hurried after her to give her his fortune. I mean, why did it have to be to him in the first place? If someone gave a starving child money, wouldn't they be deserving of the fairytale ending in this scenario? If the man had any sense of morality, he wouldn't be out on the streets playing games to see who gets his fortune. He would've helped all the homeless children in the city. He would've distributed food and helped people out of the gutter. But since this is not a proper setting or characterization, just a random scene with a made up scenario, another stranger walked by. This was Michael Foroza, a crime lord that preyed upon the weak and exploited those with good intentions. He was the man who was evicting Betty and her sick child. And while digging through his pocket for his phone to call in another hit on an innocent person, a random coin dropped out and accidentally landed in the homeless man's jug. **** r/Lilwa_Dexel 