
Listen, let's make one thing clear right off the bat--I don't like Spark-girl. Not in the very slightest. She's loud and annoying, her outfit is stupid and impractical, and she keeps wrecking every single hideout I find within a week. And her name. Her superhero name is really stupid. The woman can *shoot lightning* for crying out loud, that is the lamest thing you could name yourself. If I was lucky enough to have lightning powers I'd name myself something properly badass and terrifying. But I don't. Sucks to suck. Anyway, Sparky here is just plain dumb, alright? Stupidly emotional. The tiniest thing will happen and it sets her off, messes her up in the head. Like, a building burns to the ground (not my fault) and she gets the dozens of people inside out except one old lady. The old lady kicks it before she can get to her. And she'll let that thing hang over her till you can see the literal rainclouds above her head. See? If I was a superhero, and thank god I'm not, I'd chalk that up as a huge success. That's, like, a 99% success rate. I *wish* I had a 99% success rate. But you see what I mean. Sparky here. Gets upset over stupid things, can't do her job properly for a week. Now listen, *I* don't really care about her emotional state. The woman publicly declared me to be her "arch-nemesis," that's kinda around when I stopped caring. You know what I care about? When something rattles her to the point where she can't do her job properly for two freaking months, and I've wiped the floor with her so many times that it's gotten boring, and the other superheroes are talking about letting her take a break and putting some other hero on the job to beat me up on a regular basis. Uh, no. Believe it or not, I'd prefer Spark-girl. She isn't a great hero, but as much as I really, really hate to admit it I'm not very high on the supervillain tier list, and I don't want to take my chances with Panther Claw or someone who might go all-out and reduce me to a pulp on the pavement. I will say this about Sparky: she hasn't killed me yet, out of some weird moral code on her part. Good for me. I like living. Anyways, I knew two months was way too long for this to be some run-of-the-mill heroic moral dilemma. So I stalked her for a little while. I needed to know what had gotten her like this. It took me way longer than I was hoping it would, but after I pickpocketed her phone and read through all of her texts (would not recommend the experience, 0/10) I figured it out. Are you ready? Spark-girl broke up with her boyfriend. Listen, Sparky: on the sliding scale of world-shaking catastrophes, this does not even register as something noteworthy. But hey, at least the problem had an easy solution. Kidnapping. (Kidnapping is always the solution.) So I started kidnapping men. That sounds a little bad, but I was getting a little desperate. Word had come down the supervillain grapevine that Inferno had volunteered to keep an eye on me while Spark-girl took a vacation, which was the absolute worst-case scenario. Inferno would have obliterated me from the face of this earth. A few of the other supervillains were already asking me what color flowers I wanted at my funeral. Therefore, the kidnapping. I did it very methodically. Read a lot of dating profiles. Even had a spreadsheet that organized all the victims by personality and physical appearance. I think she might have a thing for redheads. I'll need more data to draw a conclusion though--it's only been twelve dudes so far and that's not really enough to determine a trend. It's sort-of working, though. Sparky is still upset all the time. She still lets it get to her. I enjoy beating her up a little more, these days. Consider it payment for all the hours I spend on dating sites doing research for this moron. "Wicked Witch, why are you doing this?" she says today, lightning crackling from her fists as she faces me across a rooftop. I'm not in a good mood. Man #13 must have taken some crazy martial art classes as a kid because he actually did a number on me when I went to retrieve him. "Trope subversion," I reply. "Reverse sexism. I'm really bored. Take your pick." She beats me up extra badly for that. But she also smiles at Man #13 when she helps him up, so it's something. ------ EDIT: Thank you for the lovely comments, everyone! Sadly I don't think there'll be a part 2 to this, I really only intended it to be a stand-alone sort of thing. :( But who knows? 