
Gerald fought to escape the grip of the incubocs--portly aliens from planet Incu--but his attempts proved useless. They were known for their strength and lack of empathy. The incubocs hauled him inside a room, and locked the door. Gerald struck the cold ground and cursed under his breath. Once again he had done it. He had gotten himself imprisoned. Except that, this time, he didn't know why, nor for how long. A continuous hissing caught his attention. He climbed to his feet and scanned the room. The walls were crammed with golden wires and old pipes leaking jets of steam. Sweat trickled down Gerald's forehead and temples. He took off his jacket and left it on the ground. Much better. He found himself bewildered. The place was narrow, yet long. It even had a turn at the end, where a vibrant light-blue light could be seen, but not its source. This wasn't a prison cell, or if it was, it was a luxurious one. Gerald hummed to himself as he strode toward the opposite end. If there was something interesting to do here, the light would probably be a good start. With each long step, sharp and piercing noises, like air being injected, resounded across the walls. He instinctively grabbed two tiny deafeners from his belt, and buried them inside his ears. The noises disappeared. Every one of them. He could only hear his thoughts, which were quite bemused. Why didn't they take his tools away from him? An engineer could do some impressive things with his imagination and a hammer. "What the fuck?" Gerard said, as he turned toward the light. A translucent cube greeted his eyes. It was massive, the size of a royal chamber. Inside, exactly at the middle, an Ergoxi--a precious stone, larger than Gerald--shone fiercely, bathing the surroundings. Gerald narrowed his eyes and studied it carefully. It had a plethora of different circuits inside, along with perfectly arranged machines, which seemed to work in a system similar to an assembly line. He fixated his gaze on a tube at the top of the cube. If his assumptions were correct, something should drop from it and the process should commence. After half an hour, and seven lingering yawns, a white sphere fell from the tube, onto... nothing? Gerald frowned. What was the purpo-- The sphere rose from wherever it had fallen, hovering in the air. They were using the static of the circuits to move it around the machines. It was fancy, impressive, but absolutely stupid. Soon, the sphere reached the first machine, and it stood there for another hour. The machine struggled to move. It was too slow. Gerald's found himself biting his nails, fidgeting, and uncomfortable in his own skin. Why did the incubocs always build fancy, yet useless stuff? The problem was clear to his eyes. A machine won't work properly if not provided with the required amount of energy. The same will happen when you overcharge it, that or it will break. Gerald grabbed his hammer and smashed it against the machine's wall like a madman. Then, he kicked the damaged area, shattering it. They hadn't even reinforced the glass. He sneaked inside, and yanked a set of wires out of their plugs. That should allow him to walk through without being electrocuted. He tightened his grip, furious, and stomped his way toward the Ergoxi. How could they be so incompetent? Goddamn it. The thing was like a giant diamond, but it was used as an infinite provider of energy. It was the source of every wondrous piece of machinery in the past century. Gerald, however, smashed it with the wrath of a God. He was possessed by the rage. So much resources wasted to showcase the stupidity of a race. Shards of Ergoxi crammed the sides, yet he kept pounding it. If you didn't know Gerald, you would've thought he was sculpting it. He wasn't. Gerald gasped a sigh of relief. Half of the Ergoxi was reduced to smithereens, and what remained looked like an uneven boulder. With a smile, he plugged the wires back on, and left the cube. The second he left, a sphere fell down the tube, yet the static guided it immediately. The machines worked at proper speeds. Gerald followed the process with wide eyes. What would the end product be? That sphere was incredibly malleable. It took the shapes the machines commanded without a bit of resistance. His heart thundered. What would it be? The sphere--which was now a giant white cube--had entered the last machine. Gerald felt a sudden pull from behind, and his deafeners fell to the ground. An incuboc had gotten him. The alien was bigger than the average, his blue skin filled with scars. "Leave a human with a machine that is ineffective, give it a few months and it will become effective," said the incuboc, laughing. "We've proved it wrong. It should go like this: 'Leave a stubborn, curious human with an ineffective machine, give it an hour, and it will become effective." Gerald's eyes shot toward the incuboc's uniform. He had a white handkerchief embroidered with three uneven red lines inside a pocket. Of course. He had just fixed a machine for the Incutaris, a well-known and dangerous mafia. Gerald sighed. This would earn him some good prison time. He twisted his neck as much as he could, and observed the end product: Shredded Ergopaper. The most rare and expensive drug in the galaxy. "Perhaps we could come to an agreement," Gerald said. The incuboc glared at him. "What would that be?" "You assure my safety, pay me decent money, and I will improve your machine." The incuboc grunted in disbelief. "Prove that you can improve it even more, and we shall see." ------------------------------------------ /r/therobertfall For more stories! 