
One moment I was in the streets of Al-Fallujah, locked in a gunfight with Isis militants. The next, I was standing in some extraterrestrial super dome, shoulder to shoulder with an amalgam of terrifying creatures. At first, I think it a dream. But the metallic, scratched grip of my M4 responds all too familiarly, paried with my suspended dog tag, vibrating no longer from adrenaline, but fear. A feline creature with a wideset mouth, and reptilian features. A spider-like monstrosity with bioluminescent arms. A mammalian creature with praying mantis-like dagger appendages. More than two dozen creatures, all different sizes, all intimidating. 60 bullets. That's all my carbine has left. The buzzer sounds. The creatures, some being their nature, immediately attack each other. As otherworldly wails, shrieks, roars, clicks, electric explosions, and cacophonous sounds penetrate the air, I take the chance to drop to a darkly lit, blackly-growing vegetated cavern. It is here that I wait. In the relative safety of darkness. Sounds of dying creatures permeate the air. At first regular, the hours pass and the rhythm of dying animals lengthens. It is thus I sit in the darkness. "You are self-conscious, intelligent." The echoed voice rings in my head. A statement. An unspoken knowing. I rotate to the sound, M4 poised to release...A veinous, pulsing entity stands before me. More air than entity, the creature moves it arms. Its veinous strands detach and reattach quickly with each minute movement. It extends its arms, palms up, to me. "You and I will beat this," it says, before it takes me. Unwinding itself, it launches at me, wrapping around, avoiding the barrel of my gun. the creature nets itself onto me. It plunges its many nervous, spiked strands into my skin. Molding with me. The creature's veinous strands writhe into me, writhe into my gun, my grenades. Molding. "Interesting." I hear it. I hear us. We launch ourselves to the upper shelf, the battleground. A raptor-like creature with insect wings eyes us. As it begins a hunter's prowl toward us, we unleash. What was my M4 has now become an organic attachment. Biological bullets are sent forth. They tear through the creature. Spindling into the flesh upon impact. When the creature falls, the bullets crawl out of the corpse, and back up our legs and into our weapon. In this manner, we fell every beast. And we turn our attention to the wall. Our cage. We spider our appendage into the barrier. With our workings, we can feel the barrier failing under our assault. Soon, the beings that brought this hell will be the prey of their own prize. 