
My Emperor. It is over. I am sending this transmission in the hopes that it reaches you before we are completely extinguished from this planet. Earth is lost. This defeat comes because of two simple words, which will haunt me for the remainder of my short time here. New Zealand. As you know our invasion was planned to perfection. Our simultaneous tactical strikes on every land mass were devastatingly effective in bringing humanity to heel. Within three Earth rotations the planet was ours, and its resources ready for harvesting. The strikes were made more efficient by a map produced by the human organization "WHO", which demonstrated both the geographical location of landmasses and the life expectancy of humans by region. This seemed a perfect tool to prioritise our troop deployment during the planning phases of our campaign. Only now do I realize it was too good to be true. After landing on Earth, we quickly destroyed all forms of communication that the humans use. We then set up our own broadcast channel, transmitting on a wide range of frequencies, informing humans that they were now under the rule of the Empire. It was one month later that we received a curious message back on a broad spectral range, one that we now know to be the war cry of the human resistance - "Yeah nah bro". Had we not destroyed all of humankinds' techniques for transmitting and storing information, we would have realised sooner that the WHO had neglected one vital land mass, an oversight which has proven to be our downfall. Shortly after we started receiving the broadcast, our main mining outpost on Earth fell victim to raids from a human resistance. At the time we were unable to determine the location of their base, which was kept well hidden. Unfortunately they were successful in securing a significant amount of military equipment before military command became aware of the problem and sent reinforcements. Soon afterwards we found other outposts falling victim to raids across the planet, undoubtedly helped by our teleportation devices and weapons which the humans must have reverse engineered. By the time someone thought to perform an orbital scan of the planet, the resistance had already established a cloaking device around their base. We desperately searched for the place they referred to as "Aotearoa" without success. Nine Earth months after our invasion started, our orbital scanners suddenly picked up two islands that had not been visible on any wavelengths previously. The humans had decloaked. This marked the beginning of their successful fight back. They had utilised our genetic technology with terrifying results. Around the planet, troops mounted on giant avian beings the humans called "Moa" began to appear. The terrifying squawk they emitted on the battlefield is carved into my memory, as permanent as the scars caused by their horrific talons. Swarms of insectoid creatures wiped out our food stores, and our naval bases were assaulted by beasts known colloquially amongst mankind as "lions of the sea". Our forces now lie in ruins. I believe there are only a handful of scattered troops left on this forsaken planet. I have issued a full retreat order, if anyone else is left to follow it. I have spent the last two weeks holed up in my bunger, starving and, I am afraid to admit, scared. Even now I can hear the booming of a creature which I fear will be my end. My emperor, should you launch another mission, I implore you remember its name, for they are fierce opponents on the field of war. They call it "Kakapo". 