
I'm on mobile, and this is my first time, so please forgive me. Entry #1 My advisor has suggested I keep a book for writing. To track my thoughts. It seems like a good idea. I didn't know you had this! Why didn't you ever tell me! You know I don't like you keeping secrets from me. Entry #43 I have captured princess Alexis. The plan went off quite smoothly. There was no more opposition than I had anticipated. She is just as beautiful as I had imagined. Perhaps I will make her my bride. AW! How sweet! XOXO Entry #46 Princess Alexis has been seemingly eager to cooperate. She put up resistance during her capture, but after some time now, her spirit has seem to have broken. I could maybe let her view the grounds this week, under guard of course. Entry #51 Alexis killed her assigned guard today. I thought she was trying to escape, but she... she skipped to my war room with him (what was left). I hadn't expected this out of her. Perhaps she could even become a valuable lieutenant. The look on the head she brought with her, I can't imagine what was running through that guardsman's mind for such a look of pure horror to be stained on his skin even in death. HAHA! He was just a wimp! Entry #74 Alexis has proven herself a worthily shield maiden. She is an effective fighter, and a bloody combatant. I must say though, her brutality is almost, more than I can take. She fought her brother in battle days ago. She laughed, as she cut his head off. Slowly. She seemed to be taking a pleasure in it that I haven't seen in my most sickening brutes before. I might have to watch her more carefully. Johnathan was always mean to me! He had it coming. Oh, I still remember that look on his face as he held his own innards. I wanted him to keep that look forever! Entry #97 Alexis offered to 'interrogate' some captured enemy combatants. I'll have to remind her next time that the purpose of interrogation is not inflicting pain, but extracting information. But that's the fun part silly! Entry #103 I am... complying with Alexis' request that she be allowed to accompany myself in my bed chambers when she asks, if I can allow it. I find myself more and more unable to... refuse her these days. I would never tell my men this. But. She does scare me at times. Aw I'm sorry sweetie. I never meant to frighten you! Entry #111 I caught Alexis in my private chambers. She was alone. Looking around the room. If she were any of my normal men, I'd have her thrown on the Dungeon. But I almost think she would enjoy that. I am ashamed to say it but... I ignored her. Pretended as if I wasn't furious. Why would you be mad? We share everything right? Entry #123 Ive read my previous entries. Alexis WROTE IN MY LOG! I don't know how she found this book. Has she been spying on me? I must find a different spot to keep this tome, and try to delicately confront her that I need my... personal space. Hopefully without angering her. You know you can't hide anything from me. Entry #145 Hi! It's me! Hubby needed a time out so he's in the Dungeon. I'm going to be attending to him soon. He needs to learn that as husband and wife, we have duties to each other. And when I ask him to join me for dinner at 7PM sharp. HE SHOWS UP AT SEVEN PM. S H A R P!!! Entry #149 We had a lovely breakfast together this morning. Alexis made dinner for us both. I liked it a lot. She is an amazing wife, and I love her with all my heart and soul. Awww! I love you too baby! Kisses! XOXOXO EDIT: OMG! Thank you kind stranger for my first reddit gold. 