
Mr. Townsend was the teacher everyone loved. He was just as bright eyed and bushy tailed as some of his students over the years. This was his 25th year as a teacher, he had been nominated for teacher of the year three times for his enthusiasm for teaching and innovative methods. Mr Townsend loved demonstration of physics in his classroom. Over the years he has built several models to show his classroom how physics works in the real world rather than just on paper. His start to the school year was always one of his favorite experiments, gravity and how the moon affected the tides. As he brought out his massive model of a wave pool and a little moon up from his storage closet. Usually this experiment goes off without a hitch, he pulls some levers and the tides adjust as his styrofoam moon moves across the sky. This time his water would move at all, he kept fiddling and fiddling with all the levers, he had built this model himself, but nothing could get the water to move. He heard some snickering from some of the boys in the back. Oh well he thought, he must have broken something in the model, time to move on. Mr. Townsend was a little disappointed his model didn't work, but he could alway build another one. Their next class subject was electricity, this always got some attention from his class. They loved the teslacoil and having their hair stand up on end. Mr. Townsend made sure to check his demonstration before hand and sure enough it was fine. He asked for a volunteer and surprisingly the most popular boy in his class volunteered. No one else even tried. As the boy put his hands on the metal ball Mr. Townsend explained he wouldn't feel anything but that his hair will raise, and if he took just one hand off he would get shocked. The boy smirked. Mr. Townsend turned on the coil, nothing, not a single hair raised on the boys head. Curious he approached the coil and received a hefty shock. All the kids laughed. Mr. Townsend laughed although a bit nervously. He unplugged the machine and wheeled it away, uncertain what just happened. Experiment after experiment over the year grew worse and worse, nothing seemed to work properly. His fire experiments would either not light or explode. One student seemingly knew more about physics that doctoral students, rain or thunderstorms affected every outdoor event they had scheduled even though there wasn't suppose to be rain. Mr. Townsend, who usually took everything in stride had become a little defeated throughout the year. He had never had so many demonstrations go so wrong. His students didn't seem to care, they just laughed at him like any high schooler would when a teacher messes up. His last experiment of the year was something only this class would be able to witness, a total solar eclipse. He had prepared his class by buying all the recommend eyewear, they had seats in field, other classes were also out there as it is such a rare event to be in the totality zone. As they got just minutes away some of his students were gathered around one of the popular boys. They were laughing and pointing at the sky. Mr Townsend just took it as kids being excited to be out of class. The it happened, the eclipse got ever closer and closer and then...it didn't happen, the sun had moved across the sky ever so much so that the eclipse didn't happen. Most of the other teachers were disappointed and students didn't care as much but his physics class was howling with laughter. Mr Townsend didn't understand, he was shaken to his core. He knew how eclipses worked, they didn't just not happen. Later in the day Mr. Townsend was found smoking a cigarette and shaking under his desk. He never taught again, and people just said it was stress induced. 