
They had made up names for her. "The Grim Reaper" was her favorite; that one came with its own mythology. The story went that when it was a human's time to go, they'd see manifestations of the Reaper, coming to collect their souls and escort them to the afterlife. The black robe and scythe had become very much a part of her iconography, and she had embraced that. In reality, the scythe was the favored weapon of her people, and the black robe just made her feel cool. Humans knew, of course, that it was logically impossible for the Reaper to collect *every* dying human soul, but they ascribed that to the supernatural, something they tended to do with most things they didn't have the capacity to explain. The truth was that human souls were delicious. The mundanity of the real reason Kat'til was hunting that day was almost funny to her. She spent most of her time on Earth, though occasionally she would share her kill with her brothers and sisters throughout the galaxy. Tonight, she found herself in a city that humans called Oss-tin. It was quite a lively city, and it was a night that saw the streets of Oss-tin flooded with people. She scanned the street from atop a roof, assessing the richness of the feast of souls set out before her. Humans were mostly frail, but in large groups, they could wreak havoc on Kat'til. She needed to choose carefully. A man stumbled out of a bar, filled with the libations that she understood this part of the city was famous for. His aura glowed brightly. He was ripe. Kat'til waved a hand in front of her face, transforming what would be a ghastly appearance to any human into a pleasant, charming face. The idea was to lure him into one of Oss-tin's many alleys and side streets, striking him down while he was alone. She jumped down from the roof, landing in the roaring crowd without making a sound. She marched right up to the man she'd spotted from above, whose hands were on his knees. This one was going to be sick. She moved out of his way just in time to watch him expel the contents of his stomach out onto the street. A hand flew to Kat'til's mouth to keep her from laughing. She reached out to him. "Let me give you a hand." He looked up at her, immediately taken with her new guise, and slurred some form of assent. Kat'til draped his arm over her shoulder, guiding him to the alley beside the bar he'd just fallen out of. Once she had determined they were sufficiently alone, her disguise dissipated. The man's face went completely white. "Oh, god. Oh, shit. Is this it?" Kat'til nodded. "This is it. I can carry a message to your family, if you'd like." She would do no such thing, but it typically calmed down her prey enough to make her job easy. "Just... just tell my parents I love them, and sorry I'm such a fuck-up..." He let out a choking sob, putting his head in his hands. Kat'til's heart fell. She always felt bad if they started crying. But she had a job to do. "I'll tell them. Now kneel." The man did as he was told, and Kat'til raised her scythe, bringing it down on the man's neck. No cut was made, though a white mist began to seep from his body. Kat'til opened a pouch she was carrying inside her robe to collect it. The soul was rich in nutrients. She had done well. 