
The Volvo steered itself down the road, lane-assist functions following the painted lines in the road, one hand resting loosely on the wheel. He was tired, so tired. He'd been awake for over twenty-four hours, running the whole situation through his head over and over. It started one day when their four year old baby began to float - in the middle of the living room. He'd laughed, the cutest laugh ever, as he reached for a teddy that he brought with him into the air. Brian had not believed his eyes. It had to be some hallucination, or a dream. He'd stood there, frozen in shock, only brought out of it when his baby boy hit the ceiling with a thud, and began to cry. That was a week ago. Whenever he'd brought the issue up with his fiance, she'd brushed it off, claiming he must have been dreaming. What he described was ludicrous, bordering on insane. He hadn't told her of the subsequent events after that - the baby setting a tree in the yard on fire with two lines of laser coming straight from its' eyes, or when he'd had to frantically climb to the garage roof and just barely had time to catch the baby by the leg before it floated off into the sky by itself. He knew she was lying then, and the lies were a betrayal in itself, but yesterday evening had been the true betrayal. Men had arrived at their home, driving black SUV's. He remembered everything vividly about that evening. They'd jumped out of the cars, swarming towards the house in coordination, weapons drawn. He remembered his confusion, rushing out to confront them, his surprise when he saw the weapons. As well as the surprise on their faces when they saw the shadow of a woman on their lawn, a silhouette in the sky, blotting out the sun. She was supposed to be at work that day, but she'd taken time off on Brian's request - they had to talk, and while she'd avoided the subject that whole morning, once he felt they were finally getting somewhere on the topic, the men came. The rest of the memory was a blur. She'd crashed into the ground, sending a shockwave not unlike an earthquake across the ground. There was gunfire, as she zipped from man to man in the blink of an eye, knocking them several feet back. One man was sent flying into the SUV, crushing it, instantly killing him. Her face had been one of fury and determination, and each blow she dealt either shattered bones or outright killed. What came next he remembered with clear lucidity. Sophie stood there in the middle of bloody chaos, neighbors coming out of their houses, watching. The SUV had caught fire. She held their baby boy, Toby, in her arms, and she was crying. A whisper came, *I'm sorry*, she'd said, and then she took off into the sky, sending a gust of wind towards Brian that nearly toppled him. She was a dot in the sky suddenly, and then there was an ear-deafening sonic boom as she streaked across the sky faster than a jet. He'd spent the whole day scrambling to find something to go on, some way to reach her, when he got the text. It was an address. The Volvo turned off the main road and onto gravel, silhouettes of tall trees on both sides of the road. He'd driven for nearly twelve hours, but he was finally here. At the end of the gravel road, he saw a light. A tiny cabin. As he got out of the car and got closer he saw two red orbs floating in the dark. He realized it was Toby, charging up his eyes. Sophie covered the babies eyes with her hand, soothing the baby. "It's just daddy, dear." "Sophie", Brian said. "It's time. I have to know." She simply nodded once. "There's tea inside. I'll give you an hour. And then me and Toby have to leave - and you, you... You should probably resettle, with a new name, and a new identity, in fact, I know a guy --" She began to rant. "Sophie, slow down. Let's have that tea first, yeah, baby?" "Okay," she said, and they went inside. 