
The dawn poured a bucket of freshly pressed orange juice over the countryside. The succulent fruit grew wildly all over the side of the mountain, covering the gray rock with thick roots and lush leaves. The rapidly filling basket weighed heavily on Evelyn's arm, and she stopped to catch her breath. In the hazy distance, a jagged skyline of Florence rose out of the dark green carpet of the Italian countryside. She'd always wondered what it would be like living there, to walk the busy streets, see all the wonders of art and science. With a sigh, she lifted the basket and started dragging it back toward the mansion. Her dad had always told her that the city was best left alone, but her new master had shown her some of his strange inventions and had promised to take her there someday. "Hey! Excuse me!" A woman stepped out from behind a boulder. Her dark hair grew into her eyes, and a smile curved her lips. Evelyn felt the basket leave her hand. The oranges spilled down the side of the hill. Wide-eyed, Evelyn stared at the woman as she dusted off her shoulders and then hurried over. "I didn't mean to frighten you!" she said, chasing the escaping fruits. "I'm not from around these parts." "I... where did you? I mean... *what do you want*?" Evelyn said, narrowing her eyes. The woman wore a man's attire with trousers and an offensively tight tunic, which shoved every curve of her body. Her sleeves extended into shiny gloves of some strange material. An unusual pinging noise came from the woman's pocket and she pulled out a tablet of some sort. It was glossy like the surface of a calm lake. "Huh..." the woman muttered and ran a hand through her dark locks. "Interesting..." She swept her finger over the surface and brought the tablet up to her face. "What is that thing?" "Oh, um, nothing," the woman said, putting it away. "Does anyone live nearby?" "Only my master," Evelyn said. "Can you take me to him?" Evelyn shook her head. "He doesn't like to be disturbed." "Trust me, in my case he would." The woman flashed a winning smile. "I've traveled a long way to meet him." "Fine, follow me." Evelyn took the half-full basket and dragged it up the hill, back to the mansion. She found her master in the courtyard. It was unusual to see him awake at this hour, but he appeared ready and eager to start the day. His fingers worked to position an easel for the right lighting. It was one of the things she admired about him. He always woke up with that gleam of curiosity in his eyes. "Hello there!" the woman said, breaking away from Evelyn and ignoring proper introductions. "Leonardo Da Vinci, right?" A wrinkle appeared between his bushy eyebrows. "That is right. Who do I have the pleasure of speaking to?" The woman smiled sagely and sat down in the only chair in the garden. She once again pulled out the tablet. "I'm ready when you are." Evelyn hurried up to the woman, barely able to hide her outrage. "I'm sorry, master. I'll make her leave, or else get the guards here to do so." "Okay, hold on!" the woman said and looked at Da Vinci. "You've had an urge to paint for a while, but you haven't been able to decide what; true?" The artist nodded slowly. An expression Evelyn hadn't seen before spread across his face. He lifted an eyebrow and his mouth opened slightly. Surprise. "How about you paint me?" the woman said. "Just let me know the password to the wifi, so I have something to do." "I'm intrigued," Da Vinci said. "Tell me your name and I'll consider not having you thrown off the property." "Lisa," the woman said and a mysterious smile danced across her lips. *** **Thanks for the gold!** r/Lilwa_Dexel 