
Shaggy slowly lowered the heavy, shiny mask on the silver armor. The headless huntsman had cornered him in the atrium of a spooky old castle on the outskirts of town. Velma stood beside him, barely filling out the other suit of armor, her skin gyrating against the cold gray steel. The headless monster crept with a slow, uncoordinated gait; the way of a blind man with death in his eyes. The neck cavity throbbed with his heartbeat, sending a deathly ooze percolating from a bony knob on top. The headless huntsman held his head in his hand, leaning into his side, covered by a dark black shroud. He crept closer to Shaggy and Velma, his mouth exhaling and coughing through the jet black veil. Shaggy held a razor-sharp long sword in his metal gloved hand. He could not decide whether to whip it around and cut the huntsman down, or run for the door they were so near to. Velma whispered so softly it hit Shaggy like a cool breeze. "We need to kill him, Shaggy. Cut his head from his hand and impale that thing on your sword." Shaggy whispered back, "It's not right. How can we resort to killing now, after all these years?" Velma's voice was but a light vibration by this point, as the headless huntsman was within hearing distance. "Kill. Him. Please." Shaggy gripped his long sword. Velma was right. There was no rug to pull. No mystery machine to escape with. It was now or never. Just then, through the bowels of the hall, they heard a howl. The howl of Scooby. He was coming for them, galloping to bring his personal brand of justice. Shaggy did not waste a moment. His suit of armor came to life. He jumped at the huntsman, and yanked the veil from his head. What he saw shocked them so much, Velma gasped, a gasp so loud it echoed through the halls. "Fred Jones?" Shaggy said, dropping his long sword with a metallic clatter. Fred lifted his head, and plopped it back on the neck bone, as though the head was there all along. "Ha, didn't expect that," Fred said, wrapping the veil around his neck like a necktie. "I just stepped through one of the rooms upstairs and opened an old book, and my head fell off. I didn't realize what happened until you took my veil off." "Old book?" Shaggy asked. "Had a strange star on the front, inside a circle." They all went up to the room and inspected the strange book. The tome had a splotchy cover, caked in decades of dust. It was written in a foreign script, but they realized they'd stumbled onto something odd and mysterious. Shaggy grabbed the book. "We should take this with us. We might need it later." Velma pushed her glasses up on her nose. "Just don't let Scooby get a hold of it. He'll rip it to shreds." Shaggy shrugged. "Once he finds out this could put an end to our fiascos, he'll do nothing of the sort." Scooby then appeared at the end of the long corridor, and light poured in from outside. They all walked outside to the mystery machine, and buckled up. They had a lot of unmasking to do. 