
I held a picture of my dog Rex, he was the sweetest golden retriever a person could love and cherish, he was a goofball, but he WAS MY GOOFBALL.He was my BEST FRIEND, and they TOOK him. They didn't even leave a note, and the worst part is, that we thought that they were our friends, our comrades in the great unknown galaxy which humanity have only just connected to a few years ago.I put the picture down, it was torn and dirty from the past weeks, I took a breath and jumped out of the foxhole, rifle in hand, grenade in belt and my knife in my boot. Shots rang above me in the phosphorous filled skies and I shot into every grey headed jerk I saw. My company rallied to me and we assaulted the front lines. German Tanks raced across the battlefield, shooting into hordes of grey heads, as we marched on their base, I could almost hear Rex's barks, could almost see him trying to eat his food through the glass table when I accidentally(almost accidentally) put it there. I switched magazines. I heard the satisfying click of loading a new one into my rifle, and I shot more grey heads. Every one of them deserves to die in the fiery hell of doom for the crime they committed. What did they think would happen when they took MY DOG from me? We reached the base, its steel doors couldn't hold the fury of a humankind's loss, I laser marked the doors. "Requesting engage on target, danger close" I took a deep breath, and counted to 10. 1,2,3,4, "TAKE COVER!" I shouted to the company as the American stealth bomber shot a rocket into the door, blasting it open and revealing the sickening green indoor decor of the alien race. The Russian spies found out that in this base, on the -15th floor they held most of the stolen pets, protected by high tech robots which detect humans from a hundred meters through concrete floors. We heard them before we saw them, heavy steel boots grinding on the hard floor, the warming up of the laser beams and the targeting system, announcing to all its next target. It was a hulking beast, 3m in height and covered in black matte armor, the symbols of the horrible aliens painted on the torso, and the sickening painting of a dogs head on the helmet. Truly a revolting sight. "Cohen, take down that robot, NOW!" I shouted at the Israeli tech specialist. I saw he was loading the EMP rocket into his launcher, he shot the robot and he turned off, giving us precious little time to disable it for good. "Take control of him, we want him on our side" I shouted through the radio to the Chinese hack team as I put the virus chip on the robots helmet. We quickly removed any remaining resistance, and we took down to the -15th floor. The stairs were darkened, but we had our Indian night-vision goggles. They were mainly used by their spec-ops against the Pakistanis, but when the aliens took their cows, they forgot their forlorn war and joined in the struggle against the TRUE ENEMY. We shot the remaining Xorgons, and reached the -15th floor, I opened the door and saw a huge clear-glass vault, filled with tiny glass spheres. I went closes to see the vault, and start hacking the Control locks. As I reached closer and closer, I saw that the spheres held dogs, cats, lizards, cows and all other manner of precious animal comrades. I felt my rage increase with this sight. "HOW LONG UNTIL YOU UNLOCK THIS VAULT  ZHANG WEI, I CAN SEE THEM!" I heard a small cheer feeding back to me. After grueling hours, we opened the vault. We reverse engineered the spheres to find out how to restore our pets to their normal state. During that time the Xorgons fled earth, and the flag of the Earth Federation flew over their largest base. But my mission wasn't over, not by a long shot, as Rex was not among those restored pets, and I will shoot, stab, kill, break and burn every god-damned alien until I get him home, even if it means I'll destroy another race... -------------------------------------------- Criticism is most welcome(but do try to be nice) Thanks for reading :) EDIT: Part 2 is up, read it in a reply :) 