
"I don't understand", Joe repeated. "You, a change of heart? Who are you kidding? In the past 9 years the two of us have managed to import every single kind of addiction there is in the world. An empire! And you, you want to abandon it?" His tirade had just started. I stifled a yawn as he went on and on about the so-called easy virtues of drug dealing and how our accounts are chock full of money, and getting larger every day. I let it all wash over me. He had to pause for breath sometime. "Joe. I'm done. I saw those children man, and I can't look away anymore. It's time to break more laws, just not the laws you would rather break. Either you're in or I'm out." He was shock-still for a moment, and then set his jaw. I knew that look, seems like our talk is over. It was to Joe's credit that the break was clean, I took my share, and asked whoever would follow me to come. Quite a few people came, most of them had seen the look on my face when I was saving that poor kid's life. Well, that was that, I knew that Joe could never understand anyway. It was about 3 hours later that I reached the hospital. "Everything's ready, boss. The packages are almost here, including the Cyramza." "Good good, set the stage then!" Cyramza, and all the other packages today, were the most expensive cancer treatment drugs in the market, and of course this suburban hospital was a dumping ground for all those patients who can never afford such expensive treatment. There were gasps of surprise and gratitude as the staff and the patients recognized my team, who came in as additional staff today. I clasped a shoulder there, shook a hand here, murmured encouragement to the kids shuffling around in wheelchairs trying to rehabilitate in the corridors. There was no space for any other option. Before long I reached the general ward, with beds pushed almost side-by-side to accommodate the influx of patients. This was by no means a rare sight and this entire suburban area had a few hospitals, each more crowded than the last. Perfect place to hide. On one corner of the ward stood a guy, out of place in this atmosphere, too smartly dressed, wrinkling his nose in distaste and trying to ignore his three 'escorts'. He did stare as he saw me make a small ceremony of opening the packages and handing out whatever relief the patients needed, with grateful nods from the doctor and nurses. "Wait, that's... that's placend inc. on the boxes?!" finally he noticed the brand, as he was being escorted out, confusion plain on his face. Of course, the show, and the last minute realization was very deliberately orchestrated. I moved to follow them to the special room the doctor's had set aside for us as requested. "The shipment, I don't..." "Of course my good man, we 'borrowed' it. And not to mention that your generosity in ordering so much for the country market was well appreciated in the central supply offices" "But, but, but..." Comprehension and horror dawned on his face as he realized who we were and what had just happened. Bankruptcy was always a great motivator for fear. As far as cornered mouse's go, his attempt was pretty good, but silenced bullets were a clean sight when shot properly. The doctor came in shortly and examined the corpse, "Time of death, 3:04 pm. Cause of death, heart attack." He nodded briskly and set two of his staff to remove the body. I walked out of the room, with my men following to report about the progress. "We've already acquired the legal rights, and his death will be announced shortly, also..." But I wasn't listening anymore, thinking back to the first time. The face of that kid getting washed with relief as the medications starting to take effect, and his mother thanking me profusely for the help, the satisfaction of that moment clear in my mind. The sheer emotion I felt at seeing that life being saved was absolutely... Nothing. I felt nothing at all. Joe was right. Every single kind of illegal drug was mine to give, and take. He was also right in thinking that I had no change of heart. I think I have a decent lack of empathy, I feel nothing for those sick and dying, which got me playing this game in the first place. But the thrill of planning and outsmarting these 'legal' monsters, were a much, much more enjoyable game. And it was time for the next hunt to begin. 