
Socks in the dryer and coins in the couch. Those are the things that disappear forever, right? Oh, also women after I go on a date with them. Pause. That could be misconstrued. They just disappear from my life. They're unharmed, at least physically. Well, in my apartment, all coins disappear forever. It's uncanny, especially considering that I live alone. I would set down a few loose coins on the dinner table and by the time I came back into the room, they were gone. Eventually I decided I had to find this black hole that absorbed all my loose change. It was money, for the love of all things holy! My usually hard-earned money! I got to searching. I looked under the bed and under the dryer and even tore up a couple loose floorboards to see if they had somehow slipped under there. I looked in the pantry and in the dishwasher and eventually settled on a little cabinet tucked away in the bottom corner of the counter. I think I had cloth napkins that nobody ever used in there. That wasn't inaccurate, necessarily. I just didn't expect the napkins to have become a bed for a tiny bunny-sized dragon. When I opened the cabinet, it greeted me with a little puff of flame no bigger than the flame let off by a match. "What the hell? Are you a baby dragon?" All my loose change was amassed in a pile inside the cabinet. There must have been a few dollars in there, at least. "Not a baby, you over-sized dwarf," the dragon angrily retorted. He sounded like my cousin's ghetto boyfriend that her parents didn't approve of. "I'm a grown-ass dragon." I laughed. I couldn't help it. It was tiny. "Ha. Grown-ass? More like tiny-ass dragon. What's your name?" "Name? Why the Hell would I have a name? How often do you think I get visitors in your shitty little cabinet?" He really had quite the attitude. "Call me whatever you want, I don't care." "How about... Coomba? You're like a Roomba for my coins." "Coomba, Poomba, Loomba. Coomba don't give a flying fuck. Ha! Get it?" Yes, I got it. "You here for the coins?" I shrugged. "I mean, yeah. Ideally." "Tough shit, ya fat dwarf. Finders keepers. These are Coomba's coins now." He crossed his wings and turned his back to me. "I earned them. I worked hard for them." I sized him up. I figured I could take him, even if he was a dragon. I might get burnt, but I had too much arm hair anyways. "So did Coomba! You know how much Coomba has been sneaking around for these coins?" He had really taken a liking to his name. I was starting to regret giving him a name since he seemed to have an irritating habit of only referring to himself in third-person. "Alright so what's the deal? You've been stealing my food? Stealing my coins? What do you plan on contributing to this household?" I really didn't mind the company and he didn't either, once I got past the attitude. It'd be like having a flying, talking cat. "Dude." The tiny dragon gave me an amused look. "You live alone. You haven't had a chick over since Coomba moved in like three years ago." He harumphed and a bit of smoke escaped from his nose. "It's been tough for Coomba, too." "So you'll contribute endless sass?" Great, just what I needed. It'd be like living with a teenager. "And what? Do you watch me sleep?" "Coomba was hoping to see more than just sleeping. But you're as boring as this cabinet." "Thanks. I love when you point out all my insecurities, you pervert." "Coomba ain't no pervert. Coomba just keeping tabs. Gotta get those coins, you know? And the views." He winked at me. The dragon in my cabinet winked at me. I rolled my eyes and repeated myself. "So what will you be doing to earn your keep here? I'll give you coins as payment." "Tribute, peasant. Coomba accepts tribute." Whatever. "Take Coomba on a walk or something. Chicks dig dudes with dragons." Taking a dragon on a walk? I guess that would be a conversation starter. "So what do I need? A leash?" I think Coomba winked at me, again. Oh God, no. I flinched before he even answered. "If that's what you're into, Coomba is down." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 