
In the eighties it was movie stars. In the nineties it was rock stars. Naughties had rappers, teenies had reality stars. Twenties were my time. The time for physicists to take the global spotlight as icons and celebrities, surpassing all others. And I was the one who started it all. Elvis of the physicists. Like a sexy Einstein. A bit of a shift from pea brained reality stars. A 'quantum leap', if you will. "BUCKAAAARK!" OK, OK, I don't really know what quantum leap means. I assume it's like... big? Like a big jump, right? "Buck, buck, buck." And it wasn't all me. I owe most of my succe- "BUCKAAAARK!" OK, fine, all of my success to Steven Buckawking over here. His name is Henton. He's my pet chicken. And he's a god damn genius. "Buck, buck." See that? More blueprints! I've never seen a chicken that can even pick up a pen with its feet, never mind produce technical drawings and calculations. What is it this time bud? "Buck!" Looks pretty complicated. Well I'll get the lab assistants on it right away. Hey Henton, remember before we had assistants? Haha. "Buck Buck." I don't know what he's saying. I guess he can understand me. Like, I know when he makes a loud buckark he's pissed off, but that's about it. A few years ago I couldn't make the things he drew. But I passed on some of his calculations to an old teacher of mine, and all of a sudden I'm credited with discovering Faster than Light travel... They even call it Bobby's theory! Hahah. Crazy. "Buck." Ever since then my life's changed. Henton's given me drawing after drawing. And now we've got Bobby's Neutron Reactor, Bobby's jetpack, Bobby's physical matter redistributer. It's probably worth mentioning I don't get to pick the names. Hey, this new machine looks a lot bigger than the drawings. Now I have more money than I know what to do with. You know how much I make in a micro-second? Bet its more than you make in your whole life! I've got supermodels throwing themselves at me, I've got sports superstars who wanna hang out and play VR. Wow, this thing is looking complex. Is it supposed to glow like that? "Buck, buck, buck!" OK, cool I guess. I guess he'd say Buckark if not. But yeah, life's pretty sweet. All cos of my mathmachicken. "BUCKAAAAAAARK!" Haha he hates when I call him that. But that's what he is. A mathematician chicken. Sometimes I worry about him. Like I don't think chickens live super long and I've had him since I was a kid. Man, it's gonna be sad when he goes. "Buck Buck." I'm gonna miss you bud. Stand where? You want me to stand under here? "Buck." Cool. Man, this thing is loud. What does it do again? Oh, they're taking him into the other chamber I guess. This better not take long. I've got a date with Shakira ll tonight. Huh. The light looks like its going from Henton to me. And that other light looks like its going from me to Henton. Wonder what it does. Jesus, does this thing have to be so loud? And bright. And is that burning? .... Buckark. Buck. Buck. Buck. BUCKAAAARK! r/RJHuntWrites 