
Would I really be a friend of the Dark Lord himself? Be pals with Old Scratch? Well I guess it was much better than being one of the three poor saps his three mouths were chewing on. "Too often, I get people who don't want to come down here willingly. But since you chose to be here, we can be friends! This place is only what you want it to be, and I don't understand why so many people want to view it as fire and brimstone. And I'm glad to see that finally someone views me as I am!" "What about the Satanists?" I ventured, remembering the video I'd seen a few years ago about their creepy rituals yet seemingly logical code of conduct. "They're here too, but refuse to see me as I am, so they drag themselves through the streets and proselytise from pulpits to people who don't understand or need their teachings." So this was it now. A joke that had turned better than expected. I came to see Satan as a being of, as much as I hesitated to say, reason. Though what he said would have upended religious leaders and made good souls roll in their graves, his arguments made sense from the utilitarian standpoint, and as a logician I was trained to never commit ad hominem. I even persuaded him to let Judas, Cassius and Brutus go, after a heartfelt debate on the minimal benefits their punishments brought him and the justification behind each of their actions. It was at Satan's private dining table that we found out Dante's Inferno was not even to be followed, so some major restructuring was about to take place. Nine circles was a bit of a mess, so we categorised souls by the things they'd done and set release dates for them instead of eternal damnation, while having constant parties to keep spirits up in the only way we knew how. Obviously, this meant limbo had to be expanded and I felt happy introducing so many neutral souls back into the field of emptiness where they could be free. Under normal circumstances that would have included me. "Goodbye, Satan." I called out to him as I walked back to my suite and the party raved on in the pit outside. "Breakfast was good." The next time I'd seen him, it was on a gurney with 10 bullet holes shining through his skull, chained to the wall and screaming pure pestilence at me. As the Angel Task Force explained the proceedings and herded me back under, I reflected that for all the fun we'd had, it was all to be over. Status quo was God. Or maybe the other way round. 