
When I arrive at a scene, I want people to *know*. It's an art form, really. You're going about your business at the bank, and suddenly clouds of vapor rise into the air. There's deep humming, as if the Earth herself were opening her maw beneath your very feet. Then, I appear: A cloak in the dark, oozing fear and triggering that primal instinct to run from the terror in the night even in the middle of the day. "Magician." I hear, the word whispered as if from the tongue of a secret lover when a key enters the lock of the bedroom door. Honestly, half the fun is just in the reactions. "A pound of gold, a pound of flesh." I say aloud. "Fill my coffers, and all shall leave with only a tale to share with their fellows." The teller scrambles to obey. Their life isn't worth the fortune of others. The money is insured anyway, I'm told. If all goes well, no one will lose a thing and I will gain much. Of course, my bottomless chest is only half full when my plan is interrupted. "Halt, ne'er-do-well!" Comes a cry from just outside, and the bank wall explodes into a torrent of brick. "You i-idiot." I cough through a lungful of dust. There is a man standing there, his chest out as proudly as a statue on a podium of rubble. At first, only his silhouette is visible through the glowing haze and even I can appreciate the glory of his entrance. Then, the dust clears, and I am left aghast. "God god man! Have you heard nothing of decency?" From head to toe, the man is covered in orange spandex. Even his face, the one part I might have assumed to be revealed by a 'hero', is hidden beneath that skin-tight copper-colored stretched-trash-bag of a costume. There is not a peep of skin showing, but even so I have seen far too much. "My attire is none of your concern, villain." He says, voice booming across the crowd. "Stop now, Magician, and you will leave with only a bruised ego." I look around wildly, eyes darting from face to face (and generally anywhere that isn't the strange man's clothes). The crowd is looking up now, smiling. I'm losing them. Despite his appearance, he is giving them hope. If I am to win the day, I will need to crush it. "You just pulverized a crowd full of civilians!" I roar, pointing accusingly at the man with my hand held over my eyes in what I hoped could be confused with a dramatic gesture. "Have you no shame?" He looks down, as if seeing the mess for the very first time, and shrugs. "They have insurance." The man says. "Besides, it won't matter. Once I bring you in, any injuries they sustain will be on *your* head. After all, no one knows my true identity." "And if they're dead?" I ask, peering through my fingers and instantly regretting it. "Then you will be a murderer." The man replies. He approaches, walking down the hill of debris like a staircase, and I cannot help but blanch. "Listen." I say. "Do you want to borrow my cloak or something? You're, uh...bouncing." "No need." The hero replies. "But thanks for the tip." Faster than I can react, he darts behind me, my cloak gripped in his spandex-covered fingers. I would be thrown, quite literally hoisted by my own petard, but I am prepared: The cloak comes away in his hands, and I vanish. "Seriously. You could just wrap it around your waist." I say, reappearing across the room. Without missing a beat, the orange fool tears my cloak in half, his piercing eyes never leaving my own. That does it. This means war. I vanish again, this time going on the offensive. My fallen cloak is easy enough to wrap around his ankles, and with a tug he comes tumbling to the floor. The fool is angry now, lashing out into thin air, but I am ready. I give him a target: A swirl of smoke, as if from an invisible cape, appears just to his left while I stay hidden on his right. He lunges, and with a gentle nudge he overbalances again. All the strength and speed in the world can't compensate for a lack of control. I go for my pouch, reaching for my costumes, and at once my plan is complete. "You'll never catch me, you know." I say, reappearing near my chest. "Nice dress, by the way." The now very pretty man roars in anger, but by then it is too late. I dive into my own bottomless chest, and I am gone, back in my lair atop a small mountain of gold. In the bank, the police will be left with an empty cardboard box: very ornate, perhaps, but very fake. Soon, they will go to the cameras, and they will be in for a show indeed. I just hope that they release the footage. *** *Thanks for the read! I love getting comments, so don't be afraid to say hello! Oh, and if you liked this story, come check out my others on /r/TimeSyncs!* 