
There wasn't a man or woman alive in all of Greenbank Bay that had disliked the late, great Ms Morwenna Baudillon. There was Victor Frisk, but Victor was a strange sort of man, not really a man at all, and it was widely agreed upon by the residents of Greenbank Bay that Mr Frisk's opinions were of no importance, no importance at all. Due to Ms Morwenna Baudillon's outstanding popularity in life, her funeral had to be held at the local supermarket, Gordon's Greens and Blues (the greens are self explanatory, the blues are better left unspoken of). Reverend Henri took his rightful place as head of the ceremony at the customer service desk. He was stood upon the counter top, receipts scattered about his bare, black feet, holding a big red book. Henri wasn't your typical Reverend, he was what was known as a Master-of-all-Faiths, a Jack-of-all-Trades. He often boasted to have studied in every religion known to man, from the *Way of the Five Pecks of Rice* through to *Mazdakism*, though no one was quite sure how he'd found the time to. Presently Reverend Henri was offering quotes from the *big red book* of Life, the Universe, and *Time.* The late Morwenna had been fascinated by this last... *time.* She had in fact just recently perfected her life's work, the world's first, fully functioning time machine. It was a hot topic that day, second only to Morwenna's death. "Such a terrible tragedy, Morwenna's passing." Selby, a stout woman with an affection for felines, said to O'Mooney, a slender man with an awfully long beard that was riddled with microchips. Selby was cradling a baby panther in her arms, feeding it sardines from a string around her neck. O'Mooney was fiddling with his bionic knee, working at the frayed wires with a S.P.O.R.K. Both were standing in the frozen foods isle of Gordon's Greens and Blues. "Indeed, it is. I hear she left behind a son, just eighteen months. Can't say I've ever seen the father." a spark erupted from O'Mooney's knee and burnt his finger. He cursed, suckling on the burn. "That's not all she left behind." Pearce whispered from inside the freezer full of ice cream in which he was sitting. He gobbled own a double scoop of mint chocolate chip, then continued; "It's finished, and every mother f*cker in this here supermarket knows it. This," he waved his spoon across the air, flicking spots of ice cream over both Selby and O'Mooney, "this is all a f*cking farce. Paying their respects." he spat - mint chocolate chip - at the floor, "Ain't a soul here who gives a rats arse about the dead doll in the coffin out front." - this wasn't a metaphor either, the coffin had been left leaning against the shopfront, open casket so that the visitors could take one last look at poor Morwenna - "Soon as Reverend Hen up there gives the word, there'll be a stampede waiting to leave. First one to Morwenna's, first one through the door, that's who'll get to use it." "Don't you think you're over-exaggerating a little there, Pearce?" O'Mooney put away his S.P.O.R.K, bent his knee five times, and then satisfied set his gaze upon the dwarf in the freezer full of ice cream. "I don't know he is." Selby gestured for the shifting eyes and shuffling feet of all those in the frozen foods isle, "What's the betting our friends in Fresh Fruit and Canned Goods are doing the same. Quietly making their way to the back door, ready to leave at the drop of a hat." "What are you suggesting then?" O'Mooney asked, re-setting the monocle that covered his right eye. Selby stroked the baby panther in her arms, causing the *cat* to let out a shivering purr. "We make a run for it." Pearce said simply, finishing yet another tub of sweet, sweet ice cream, "But we'll need some sort of distraction." "That's easy enough done." O'Mooney smiled, revealing rotten, yellowed teeth inside his silver gums, "I'll fry the circuits of the freezers, *wake* them up." he pointed his S.P.O.R.K at Pearce, "You'll want to be out of there when I do." Pearce shook his head fiercly, "Not a chance. You can wake up every other mother f*cking freezer in here, not this one. This on'e mine." "That's enough." Selby warned, her voice low, there were eyes watching them now, "Just follow my lead." she knocked the kick plate free from the freezer in which Pearce was sitting, a puddle of icy water spilled out around her feet. She started to scream. "Jesus Christ, I think it's coming!" "What, what's coming?" Pearce was looking from Selby to the water round her feet and back to Selby again, somewhere in his mind there were cogs slowly turning, "Oh, *it's* coming..." O'Mooney wasted no time sweeping Selby up in his arms, careful of the icy waters on the floor, "Out of the way," he yelled at the massing crowd in the frozen foods isle, "she's about to blow!" Together all three made a mad dash for the back door, much to the disapproval of Reverend Henri (and every other *mother f*cker* at the ceremony). But before they could make their escape they were stopped dead in their tracks by a lumbering figure that blocked the emergency exit. "Sh*t." Pearce whispered, "It's Frisk." 