
"That isn't me." I stiffen. So what? Should I kick him out? Yell at him? What if he was right? What if he was wrong? The possibility was so limitless that my brain refused to think more. My 'brother' unbinds his hug. Must act casual. "Why the long absence, man? Come in! I'll make you some blueberry shake; you wait here." I hurry to the kitchen and blends some milk and fresh blueberries. Over the loud whirring of the blender, I text his old number back. "Then who tf is him?" The reply was almost instantaneous: "stfu and make him some blueberry shake like usual" "But you are-" I started to reply, only to be interrupted by another text: "Yes, I hated it but just do it" "Doing that now. Where r u now?" I furiously type. "Near. Will be there asap" "Uh...Greg?" I almost jump. He was right behind me. The blender was turned off, the shake ready. "Yeah?" "Have you seen Mesa? He loved me. Is he..." "He-he's at the vet. Mesa is an old cat now." "I guess so." I pour out the drink in two seperate cups. "Here ya go, John. You still like these, don't you?" "You bet I do." He swigs half a cup in one gulp. We are now at the living room, sitting next to each other on the old leather couch, just like before. "So where you've been? You just ran off after our parents divorced. Seven years, man. You just don't disappear for seven years without contacting anyone, and you randomly show up just now?" "Listen to me, Greg. I was busy. You know I had friends at New Zealand, right?" "Becky Vell? That weird girl who always smelled like petrol?" "Yup. We were dating, y'know. Even her parents knew me. So what would you do if your abusive, trashy parents decide to dump their two sons when they were both underage?" I nod thoughtfully, frowning. "I had a hunch, but now I understand. So? Why the prolonged silence?" "I wanted to marry her, so I asked her dad. The deal was simple; work on his oil rig for seven years, and she was mine." "So you must be married." Sure enough, a stained ring glinted on his ring finger. "Congrants!" And we went on, sharing small talk just like before. We went on and on, like the overly friendly brothers we were seven years before. Despite knowing the potential he might be an imposter, it was still fun. If he was a fake, he sure was a good fake. An hour passes, both of our cups empty. Time to act. I get up. "I'm gonna take a piss; wanna go first?" He shook his head. "Nah, you go ahead. Imma check out my old roo-" The living room glass shatters. A sharp dart was on my brother's neck. He slumps into limbo, collapsing like a child's ragdoll. "Nice job." The door opens, and an exact same voice compliments me. My real brother compliments me. "I'll take his body if you don't mind." "He's all yours." I look at him. Almost the same outlook as the imposter, but more tattered and be-draggled. "Glad you still remember I was lactose intolorent." "Glad you still remember mom always made us that, despite knowing you were intolorent." 