
My dad left me when I was six, it's always been a controversial topic to bring up, it made other people uncomfortable, but mostly me, whenever I spoke to psychologists or therapists, it always had to be mentioned. I'm fifty-six now, and it still kills me to think about it, but I have a family of my own, with two kids, who are about to be late for school. "Kids! The bus is coming soon! Do you have your lunch ready?" I yelled to them from two floors below. All of a sudden I hear the metallic clinging of a key-chain, and the mechanics of a door handle being unlocked. My heart skips a beat as I try to make sense of who on earth could be coming through that door right now, but whatever it was, I would have never imagined it would be what was standing right in front of me. "Gah! Sorry about that, the traffic this time of day is unbelievable.", he said nonchalantly "I got the milk though!" I stared at him, dumbfounded, I couldn't feel the rest of my body, I felt as if I were about to collapse. "D-d-dad?" I stutter. "Oh crap! You're right, I forgot the eggs! I'll be right back!" --- He reaches for the handle, while I stare blankly. I snap myself out of my trance, and trying to hold back the strange sensation of wanting to puke, yet wanting to scream, I force the door closed before he can even see outside. "Oh don't worry! I'll be quick! The roads tend to be a lot calmer in the morning." With my hand still pressed against the door, I glare straight into his eyes, this time with fury, and a little bit of confusion. He looks back as if completely ignoring my obvious anger. I knew I had to choose the right words, to convince a man who's clearly gone mad, that he is in no right to act so calm. "Dad..." I sigh, "What, time, is it?" I say the words slowly, and condescendingly, regardless of the fact that I knew perfectly well he'd understand. He shakes a silver, analog watch out of the sleeve of his jacket, I recognized it, we had a picture of us handing it to him as a Christmas gift eons ago, it was definitely an old model, but by no means was it in bad condition, it looked brand new. I immediately wanted to slap him for the response I knew he was about to blurt out. "Seven forty-three, why?" He didn't understand. We were in a staring contest now, except he lost it minutes ago, he continued to blink, watching me, as if he were concerned for my mental state, I was only infuriated by his. My eyes were starting to ache because I haven't closed them since he walked in, but I made no notice of it, I couldn't. "Bye dad!" they sang harmoniously as they rushed through the door on their way to the bus. We stepped aside to let them by, I ignored them, and closed the door again, disregarding the fact that they made no mention of their grandfather who was now impatiently trying to grab my attention by tilting his head. "Are you feeling alright?" he said preoccupied. "Am I feeling alright?!" I finally let out in a shout, he got startled. His eyes widened, his eyebrows turned into mountains on his forehead, and he leaped back an inch. "You realize you left me for fifty years?! Exactly fifty years! Fifty years ago today! And you have the balls to ask me if I'm feeling alright?! After you show up on my doorstep with a carton of milk?!" "If you wanted whole milk, I can go grab another, really it's not a big deal." I ignore him, and continue to stare, I feel like my brain is about to explode, I can't keep up with my thoughts. "I can't tell if you're joking or not... The tone of your voice makes me think something's wrong, you know I was here just this morning right? Are you having a mental breakdown? Do you need a doctor?" I'm reluctant to even respond to him any more. He shakes out his watch again. "This. You don't remember it? You gave it to me a few nights ago, I never left you, you're living your own life now, your mom and I came here to visit you for Christmas." I start to tear up, he really has gone insane hasn't he? I hastily grab the phone from out of my pocket, I needed some way to prove to him he's wrong, that he's gone out of his mind. I turn it on, and see a text from 'Dad'. "Should be home soon, traffic is bad." it read. I'm the crazy one. ------- Bit of a stretch at the end there, but it was suggested that I try to continue the story, and since I already had a few ideas in mind, I thought I'd give it a go, and I think it came together much better than I expected. Feedback is always wonderful! I hope you enjoyed! 