
The Machen family lived extraordinarily long lives. They were known throughout the Kingdom for their longevity, their magical prowess. The family Elder, Arch Mage Soren, was renowned as the greatest wizard of his era, his skill and magical stamina was beyond question. Today was his last. The family gathered around his bed, some crying, others stony faced. Within that room were some of the greatest magic users in the land, advisors to Kings, creators of wonders and marvels. Most were there to pay respects to a great man that they had known their entire lives, that their parents and grandparents had known. Some were there for greed, to see what spells the ancient sorcerer had embedded in the world, to see if he would spill his magical secrets before he left this world. He lay upon the bed, resplendent in his purple robes, his beard still long, still lustrous. His amber eyes gazed around the room, taking in the generations arrayed before him. He began to cry. His wife, sitting next to him patted his hand and made soft, soothing noises. He shook his head at her, gazing deeply into her eyes. "I'm sorry" he whispered, before turning to address the rest. "I'm so sorry". "There's nothing to be sorry for my love" his wife said, to murmured agreements and nods. The tears flowed fast down his wizened cheeks. "You don't understand. I was so close. So close..." The gathering leaned in, some pushing their way closer. Soren looked up at them and let out a long rattling breath. "I would never have....I thought I would have found a way by now. To make it permanent. Please, understand. I meant it as a blessing..." The old man, who had seen Kingdoms rise and fall, who had on his wedding day all those years ago stopped time for a second just to savour it, closed his eyes for the last time. The gathering began to utter their condolences quietly, heads bowed. They quickly looked up at her scream. Before their eyes the already aged woman was deteriorating, her skin shrinking around her fragile bones, her eyes sunken. Within moments she was reduced to a decayed husk. Before the others could react, they too felt it, the cruel talon of time ripping away the vestige of their youth, bringing them to their knees as they raced towards the grave. As the last elder of the family fell, his eyes flicked towards the bed. Resplendent purple robes covering old and cracked bones. ------------------------------------------------------------------ r/AMSWrites 