
Jeremy's eyes bulged when he saw the cost of the language learning program on the holoscreen, and for a second his hand wavered. A hundred credits for a single language? When Babelfishes were literally a credit a dozen? Immediately, images of Priyenfa flashed through his mind, and an overwhelming affection for her seized him. Priyenfa, the only foreign girlfriend he had ever had, now wife. Their chance encounter in the backstreets of Paris, the whirlwind romance, the coquettish way she had said yes to his proposal. That night, beneath the stars, holding each other tightly as time stood still. A thousand credits I would pay, Jeremy thought, just to hear and understand every melodious word you say to me, without that damned Babelfish spouting its robotic tones into my ear. His finger stabbed at the command panel, and payment being made, the entire language course began downloading through 8G directly into his cybernetically-enhanced brain. --- Priyenfa returned home to find Jeremy on the couch, tears streaming down his face. Dozens of their holographic recordings lay strewn around him. Her hologram, taken during the first week they had moved into their new apartment, was frozen in the air before him. From the corner of her eye, she also saw a small heap of plastic and circuitry lying in ruins on the floor, the crushed remains of his Babelfish. "What's wrong," Priyenfa said, rushing to his side, "are you hurt?" Jeremy reached up, fingers trembling, and gently removed the Babelfish from her ear. "Priyenfa, I was wrong, I was so, so wrong." The shock washed over her like a wave at high-tide. "You're... speaking my language. When did you learn it?" "That's not important. I've only just realised, the Babelfishes... I downloaded your language because I wanted to speak to you directly. Then I went through our holograms... and I realised, the Babelfishes, they change what you say!" Jeremy flung her Babelfish against the wall, where it bounced off, clattering behind the settee. "They smooth words over, they fill the gaps in the silences... they change the meaning of what we said to each other, all the time!" "Oh, Jeremy... didn't you read the manuals? You could have turned the Diplomacy feature off anytime... I never had mine activated..." Jeremy shook his head violently. "That makes things worse! I was wrong about what you were saying to me, but you, you were hearing me unfiltered all along! See, see this!" The holograms before them wavered and shifted, and the room darkened as a scene from an evening two weeks past replayed itself. Priyenfa recognised this as the night when Jeremy had spent the whole night up, playing the latest release of FIFA 72. "When you found me still playing the next morning, I thought you were telling me that you loved me, that I should quit my job and go play professionally. Only now do I understand what you were actually trying to say! You were reminding me of the promise I had made myself, to complete the community degree I had been putting off for years! And what about this!" The holograms flickered again, and this time, the hologram of Jeremy was splayed out on the floor, hiccupping as Priyenfa tended to him with a damp towel. "Remember? When I came home piss-drunk from my session with the boys? I heard you tell me that you were proud of how much I could drink, but that's not what you said! You were telling me that I had to watch my health, that the mechanical livers they sell are hardly as good as our natural ones!" Jeremy's fingers tapped frantically as the final scene played before them, this time of Jeremy boasting to Priyenfa over dinner of the time that he managed to outsmart his supervisor in order to get the afternoon off. "I thought you were praising me, telling me that there was no chance in hell that Richard would ever figure out I had pulled a fast one over him. In fact, in fact you were -" "Yes," Priyenfa said as she took Jeremy's hands into hers, her dulcet tones calming him, "I was reminding you, gently, that maybe it was time to grow up, and look to see if there were things you could learn from Richard instead. He's a good role model, you just haven't seen it yet." Jeremy sobbed again, his chest heaving with emotion. "I thought... I thought you were great for me because you were the only girlfriend I ever had who never judged me, always let me do what I wanted, supported me in whatever I did... but now, I think, you were actually nagging at me, every step of the way..." He turned abruptly, and seized Priyenfa by the shoulders. "Why then! If you disapproved of everything I was doing, why stay with me? Why didn't you just leave, like all the others did? Why did you marry me?" Priyenfa smiled, the most beatific smile Jeremy had ever seen. "Silly, it's because I care for you." --- /r/rarelyfunny 