
A leaf in the wind, a shudder in the shadows, a figure roamed maliciously. Several guards circled the compound, as they had done for months, and were no longer really looking for anything. Eyelids drooped, yawns traveled through the men like an electric current, and none ever really came close to discovering the intruder. Soft thuds. Shivers down the spine, is something wrong? Silence. The air grew with anticipation. A blow to the back of the head, the smack of pavement. ___ *Where am I?* The cold hard ground. A pounding in my head. I don't want to be awake. "Oh, you're awake." *Jesus Christ*! I snap my head back, and immediately feel a jolt of pain in my head. "Who the fuck are you?" I blurt out. "A hero the likes of which you've never seen!" a voice boomed back at me. I see a man lurking in the shadows. "A hero?! You could have killed me!" "Well I-" "How long was I out for, anyway?" I interrupt. "I don't know, 20 minutes?" "What the fuck man? That's like, super bad for you." "Yeah, that's my bad." "...that's it? Not a sorry or anything?" "Well you were working for a pretty bad guy." "Well I didn't choose him personally." "But still-" "I just work for a security company, what was I supposed to do, tell my boss that I wouldn't do my job?" "...Yes?" "..." "..." "..." "Don't make me out to be the bad guy here." "Why wouldn't I? You almost killed me! Also you watched my lifeless body for like 20 minutes, what the fuck were you going to do to me?" The figure stepped into the light for the first time, his black cloak billowing in the wind behind him. He had one hand behind his back. "I wasn't watching you the *whole* time, I had to go get the materials." "Oh Jesus Fucking Christ, what the fuck are the materials?" I asked, he ignored me. "Would have gone a lot quicker if a certain Samoan had been more selfless." he finished. "..." "..." "Are you having a laugh, mate?" "What?" "Are you taking the piss?" "I'm sorry, I don't keep up with the slang of the youth, could you clarify?" "Are you joki-" "I mean, sometimes you youths have the craziest lingo." "..." "..." "What are you holding behind your back?" I ask, praying for a gun so he can end this. He doesn't answer, but brings his hand into the light. A very used looking syringe glints in the light. "What in the flying fuck were you going to do with that?" "Well nothing to you." "..." "On account of the concussion." "What?" "Just seemed a little redundant, really." "So I can go?" "Sure. You should probably get your head checked out, like yesterday. I can't stress enough how bad that was for you." He turned away from me, and walked away, into the darkness. I drifted back to sleep, unsure weather that had actually happened. ___ I stand up groggily. My head feels more or less the same. I am unsure of how much time has passed. The night is still deathly quiet. I take a few shaky steps towards the parking lot. Fragments of strange conversation come back to me. I walk further in the darkness. *Did I almost get aids?* *Surely not, right?* *Right?* I step into the open parking lot, and into the light of a nearby street lamp. I don't remember falling, or almost getting aids, but I am weirdly convinced of both. I look to my right. Sitting against a wall is a dirty old man, who looked curiously like an islander. Closer inspection revealed a needle in his arm, in full view of God and everyone. *That's it, I'm getting tested.* ___ /r/Periapoapsis - the banner is pretty neat. 