
I didn't expect people to actually leave their wallets there. I just wrote the sign and went to sleep on the sidewalk. By the time I woke up, there was an overflowing amount of wallets from random strangers. They seemed almost attracted as they would drop off their wallet and disappear. I removed the sign and almost immediately no one paid attention to me. *Interesting,* I thought. After a hot meal from the local McDonalds, I began to count my cash. I also withdrew as much from the credit cards as I thought possible into my Bitcoin wallet. I began to stare at the sign I put up: it was a small whiteboard and black marker, all with a kickstand. I erased the message and rewrote another one: "Give me all of your cash." As I placed the whiteboard on the kickstand, people began coming up to me and dropping cash into my Big Mac container. "Hey," I pulled my Big Mac container away. People then just put the cash on the ground. I pulled out one of the wallets and replaced the message: "Put all your cash in this wallet." Soon even the cashiers began emptying out the registers and giving me cash. I was fucking rich. I walked out of the side entrance just as a man in a Rolls-Royce pulled up on the other curb. I began to scribble as I crossed the street. As the driver got out of the car, I flashed the whiteboard in front of him. Soon, I pullet out with a brand new Rolls-fucking-Royce. The next few days were spent doing some of the dumbest shit I've ever done: causing fights in the middle of the street, getting hot women to undress in public, having jewellers just hand me free jewellery. It was truly a mess. I also tested what caused the epidemic. First I replaced the marker, and it failed miserably. Then I replaced the whiteboard and it also failed. Finally the kickstand didn't help the situation. It was a combination of all three that made it work. However, the marker began to run dry. Panicking, I needed something that could ensure that I would never need to do anything in my lifetime. I began to plan how I would do this. I has someone set up the tripod and the lighting so I could record the video. I struggled to write down the words but as I finished, I turned them around and flashed the words. I uploaded the unedited video to YouTube. 1 view. *Refresh.* 3 views. *Refresh.* 8 views. *Refresh.* 30 views. The view count grew almost exponentially. I laughed almost maniacally as the video blew up. And that's how I became ruler of the world. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- EDIT: Whoa. This blew up. Thanks everyone! 