
Teeth? Brushed. Hair? Dried. Bathrobe? Off. I stretched until my fingers almost scraped the frame of the door and crossed the threshold into my warm, safe bedroom. Almost as an afterthought, I gave my security monitor a cursory glance as I settled deep into my sheets. I'd just washed my sheets that afternoon, and they were still warm from the- what the fuck was that thing? Making its way up the stairs was a creature with too many legs. Like, it would make a spider envious. Its body took up the entire staircase, and it had fangs the size of bananas. I held my breath as it shambled up the steps. Despite its massive size, I couldn't hear so much as a creak. But then... it tripped. Over one of its spindly legs, no less. It slid, tumbled, and fell all the way down to the first floor, sounding like a bag of bowling balls rolling down a staircase. Okay so I'm not the best at analogies. A wail broke the silence. I almost thought the neighbor's kid had woken up and thrown another tantrum. I mean, if this kept going on, he just might have, but I was pretty sure this was the monster. I had hardwood floors and that would've been quite a nasty fall. "You ok?" I call through the door. The wailing continued. I threw on my bathrobe, turned on the lights, and headed downstairs. It lay in a crumpled heap, limbs curled up tight against its abdomen. They extended in every direction as it let out another wail. Poor thing. "I'll get help. Um. Hold on." I ran upstairs and snapped a few pictures of the thing with my phone, then changed into some street clothes. Last thing I needed was to be thrown in some asylum. "Sit tight." On my way out, I passed by another monster, waiting by the door. This one was tall, white, and very hairy. It had a face of a cat and two very long legs. "Your friend's in there. Making a racket. Wanna go help him?" I stood aside and the cat-thing ran to the monster's side in just four bounds. What I'd mistaken for fur, I quickly found, was actually millions of tiny white tentacles. They writhed as the cat exposed its hidden arms and wrapped the monster in a hug that made my skin crawl. Great. I closed the door. "Yeah. You hug it up in there. Go take care of him. You go, cat-thing." I thought to text my grandma a photo of the thing. She was ancient, superstitious, and stayed up late watching korean dramas. "Grandma. I found this monster in my house. Do you know what it is?" Five minutes passed and the wailing has stopped. But I figured I'd give them some more time- the last thing I wanted was to walk in on two monsters making out. My phone vibrated. "It looks like you found a good luck spirit. Congratulations. Take good care of it and it will help keep your house clean." "Thanks Grandma. So it's not dangerous? This one tripped down the stairs and started crying so I figured I was safe." I texted back, relieved. When I opened the door, the good luck spirit and its cat friend were nowhere to be found. My phone buzzed again. "No, the dangerous one looks kind of like a tall white cat." [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Tensingstories/) 