
It had been almost four hundred years since his adoptive father had died, yet immortal minds make memory eternal. Tertius could remember the day old Uno took him and his siblings to skate on Empire Lake with perfect clarity, though it must have been thousands of years in the past. He remembered thinking that the sun's reflection off the ice was prettier than gold. He remembered the way the wind slapped his face. He remembered how the tightness of Shni's hand around his made him feel safe and secure. And he remembered how the twins' innocent laughter filled him with a sense of weightlessness. *A perfect day.* Tertius frowned. He spoke aloud to himself, as all recluses inevitably do. "Why, Uno? Why leave us all alone in this never-ending-" He cut himself off. He'd been about to say '*in this never-ending hell.* Tertius had often pondered the possibility that he and his siblings (And Uno before his death) were in hell. But, ironically, Uno's suicide had put an end to that thought. Surely one couldn't *escape* hell. A knock rapped on his door. Tertius leapt five feet into the air, clutching his chest. *Visitors? I haven't had.... No, it can't....* He moved the window curtain aside an inch and, sure enough, a group of soldiers stood at his doorstep. He looked down at his clothes. One doesn't think about such frivolities as attire when they've lived alone for four hundred years. He supposed his grey woolens were acceptable. They weren't *dirty,* he despised being anything but perfectly clean. But they were certainly a bit... drab... *Oh whatever,* he thought. He opened the door a crack and peered out at the lead soldier. The man had the squared-jaw, wispy grey hair, and embattled eyes of a veteran. "Yes?" The veteran cleared his throat. "Uh. Mr Tertius, sir? Tertius... the immortal? The Stranger?" Tertius frowned. *The Stranger? That's new.* "Yes*,"* He repeated, this time with emphasis. "It's a pleasure to meet you sir. I-I've read about you, but I-" In the past mortals had worshiped him and his family as deities, but Tertius thought that'd died out long ago. Oh surely legends still were passed down about them, but rarely myth anymore. "Can I help you with anything? I'm very busy with..." he turned and looked into his empty home, "Private *immortal* matters..." The veteran blushed and several of his underlings shifted their feet uncomfortably. "Right," he said, "Sir, I understand you've been, um, *busy* for a while now." Then it was Tertius' turn to blush. "Yes, well... Time flies when you live forever." "Right... Well, sir," The veteran stopped, coughed into his elbow, and began again, "Have you been watching the news lately?" *Watching? Do they think I'm omniscient?* "No. I have not." The veteran turned to look at one of his comrades, then turned back to Tertius. Tertius held up a hand, "Look, whatever you're looking for, I can't help you. I'm not god. None of us are. We aren't special. We aren't Kings or Queens. We just... exist." "That's actually why I'm here, sir. When...uh...when was the last time you spoke to your older sister and younger brothers?" "Not since our father ki-... *passed."* "Four hundred years?" "Just about." The veteran turned to his group and barked, "Barkley, c'mon out." A balding little man in a green sweater vest emerged from the mass of soldiers. He was obviously nervous. Damn near on the verge of fleeing. "Hello there," The man, Barkley, said. "Would you prefer to be called The Stranger? The Estranged? The Lone-" "Tertius will do." Barkley blushed furiously. *Perhaps I should've let him call me one of those titles, clearly he's supposed to be an expert of some sort,* Tertius thought. "Very well... Tertius," Barkley said. "We understand that your adoptive father, the one called Zeus, The Alpha, The Prime, Haestu, Uno." "Right. My father. I get it." Barkley cringed. "We understand he took you and your siblings, uhh, Shni the-" Tertius rolled his eyes. "Skip the titles, I know who my siblings are." The little man cringed again. "Of course you do. Uhm. We understand he raised you and... them... here in Alaska. Then after his death you moved back here and took up a life of solitude while your siblings all took different paths." "Mhm. That about sums it up I imagine." "Well, sir, it has been widely speculated that you disagreed with their war mongering ways and vowed to live abject to their respective Empires. We also theorize that this is why Alaska has remained untouched, the last haven, from their constant onslaught. They fear you, or atleast respect you enough to leave you alone. Perhaps you felt that humanity was worth preserving, or maybe-" *What?* Tertius felt a chill run up his spine. The Veteran grunted and clapped a hand on Barkley's shoulder. "Oh alright, Professor. That's enough," he turned to Tertius. "Look, I understand this must be a lot to take in. Basically, we're here for one reason... *we need your help."* &#x200B; *~* r/CharlestonChews 