
"Ohshit-- Adam!!" My friend yelped in a panicked voice and lurches out to me like I was about to be hit by a train, or something. My body shook out of instinct and I shut my eyes tight and brace the impact to come. *bbbBbBbBbbbb* Of course, it never did. I have a guardian angel after all. That noise seems to rumble up from everywhere at once in the school cafeteria. I know what's happened, it's happened so many times before, yet I can't control it. After several internal moments pass, I carefully open my eyes. All the students and staff had come to a halt until I was the only one left moving. The world had become a standstill, my playground. At least... that's what I had thought in the beginning, but when you don't have the remote for a time controlling power, you lose out on being able to do all the fun stuff. Of course, the first time I was scared shitless, I had freaked out thinking that the goddamn school bully-- Cain, beat me to death in the hallway. I had carefully scattered away and retreated to the bathroom to try and decipher what the hell was happening. After a while, everything just went on like normal. A smile broke out on my expression as my reflection ended and I reach out to my delicious chocolate milk carton and take a slurp. Ahhh, freshman year sucked. My eyes shift around the scene and take in the information laid out before me. "Now... what's happening?" A high school cafeteria is like a friggin' zoo, man. All kinds of shit happening everywhere at once. The nerds sitting together playing yu-gi-oh with their boxed lunches, all the jocks arm wrestling in the corner to try and assert alpha male dominance, lots of stray students making their way to their respective tables. Everything looked all clear, though. So I'm not sure why she-- Oh. It wasn't until I turned around in my seat and spotted the big sloppy burger five inches from hitting the back of my head. Tracing the trajectory back, I find the culprit. Of fucking course, it's Cain. Who else would be such a relentless douche bag? Now, this is where you'd fight back against the bully!! I can't do that. I swore an oath to be careful until we figure out all the rules and limits. I take a deep breath and adjust my head slightly to the left, trying to make it look like I dodged the projectile in real time with my super spidey senses. That's when I got an idea. I take one last look around, and notice none of the staff are looking this way. I look back to the woman approaching our table and bite my lip. I dash up out of my seat and run over to the nearest teacher, carefully adjusting their body so that they had gazed upon the crime scene. How much time was left? Well, none-- obviously, but you get the point! I quickly turn on my heels and jump over one of the tables-- knocking all of the trays down on the ground while screaming out; "ZAAAAA WARRRUUUDDOOOO~~!" I've always wanted to do that. Turns out I ended up sitting there like an idiot for another minute or so, slightly tilted to the left until everything resumed like normal in the blink of an eye. A triumphant cry from over by the jocks signaling the return of time. The burger flew by and landed on the floor just beyond the table and the fucker jumped up from his seat. "WHAT. HOW?!" he cried out. Everyone looked at me in shock, my friend's hand gripped my collar in an attempt to pull me away. I noticed the teacher look over to the bully with a stern expression. Gottem. That's when I looked to Evelyn, the girl making her way over to our table and smiled at her, as if nothing had happened. "Thanks, again." I said. "AnyTIME," she replied, wiggling her eyebrows. ----------------------- ((Hey guys! First time ever doing something like this, so plz be nice ; _ ; )) 