
No one else wanted to try it. George knew that it worked. If it didn't, he would die. Everyone claimed that he was a modern alchemist chasing and then claiming the impossible. When he first took the solution, he only told his wife and his only child, a son. With time, the interest waned, but others noticed that he never became sick, and, that after 20 years, the pepper in his hair never advanced to gray. It was then that he caught the attention of Sir Frederick Bunt, a noted scientist, and famed debunker. George often slept or doodled when Bunt spoke until Bunt addressed him specifically at scientific meetings. George was still welcome though a joke to the others behind his back. Their snickers did not go unnoticed. As the years passed and George appeared the same, some began to wonder if the joke was on them. George offered the serum to his family who refused. Other scientists politely refused. Bunt took a different approach. He derided George at every turn. It didn't help George that his last name was Bohr. One day, Bunt invited Bohr to the stage while he spoke. "Mr. Bohr...Mr. Bohr, please wake up. It's time to give you your due." Opening his eyes, George looked to the stage and the rest of the audience. He stepped on the wood apron and looked at the crowd. "Mr. Bohr claims he has created ageless immortality. No one believes him as I still don't. He is a fraud, and I will prove it." "How?" asked George. Frederick lunged at his hair and grabbed it. Yanking on it, his skull ached. "Let me go, you fool." His hand swiped at George's face running along his cheek and nose. "Look at my hand, you will see that he is wearing makeup." The audience stared at his hand in shock. He looked at it and then at George. He walked over to him and leaned in to whisper. "I will expose you." "Go ahead please." Soon, the word spread. People came from around the world to debunk him. For the first time in his life, people started to wonder if it was true as his son looked like his older brother and his wife passed. But, Bunt continued his assault. "He's had major plastic surgery." Then, "It's lasers." In the following year, Bunt died, but his son Freddy took up his cause. Every ten years, larger and larger groups gathered to express their skepticism. "Clones, he's cloned himself." "I have found this picture of an aging Dr. Bohr. I will destroy it right here, and he will age drastically." George watched as the painting burned and nothing happened. As 12 generations of Bunts died and were replaced by their respective sons, George offered the serum to the next Bunt in line. "Tis poison, do I look a fool?" responded his critic. "Yes, you do as does everyone else." "I figured it out. You're a robot. Prove me wrong." "Hundreds of scans and x-rays prove otherwise." "I'll only believe you if you cut off your head." "Cut off my own head? This is ridiculous." "Stem cells has already been said right?" asked Bunt. "Yes, hundreds of times." "You have a magic...flute that you play every night that restores your youth." "No." "You steal the souls of children." "Gross, no." "Sex magic?" "I wish Bunt. No, the serum works." "Oh yeah, I'll believe it when I see it." George rolled his eyes and walked away. A few days later tired of the derision and perpetual skepticism, he faked his death. When he re-emerged, he offered his life-extending elixir, and the first customer was Frederick Bunt's great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great-great grandson. "This is George Bohr's elixir. Are you sure you want it?" "It works doesn't it?" "He died." Bunt winked at him. "Right, sure you did." If you enjoyed this story, please subscribe to my subreddit r/nickkuvaas. 