
"Shapeshifting?" Alex's eyebrows migrated towards his hairline and his forkload of pie paused mid-way to his lips. He studied his date across the table as she shifted in her seat and examined her immaculate nails. "I knew you were sensitive about your ability but I have to say I expected far worse" Emma tucked a curl of dark hair behind her ear and continued to fidget. This is why she was hesitant about dinner with Alex. Her excuses about working late or "ruining their friendship" truthfully had absolutely nothing to do with the constant rebuffs she threw his way. She had finally agreed to this date when she found herself in a rather advanced state of refreshment at the office Christmas party. Alex had almost glowed with delight for the next week. Even she had to admit that it was sweet. She liked him. She really liked him. She just hated the fact that she had to ruin this romantic endeavour before it had a chance to really flourish into anything more. She shrugged. She sipped her wine. She finally made eye contact with him. Alex took this as a cue to bombard her with questions. "I mean..." he paused to lick a morsel of stray chocolate from his lips. "I kind of thought you'd some kind of awesome, dark, scary power because of your whole well... vibe" he makes a hand gesture towards her black dress and spiked headband. "I kind of thought you'd be a necromancer or something, not that that's a bad thing!". Emma smirked as she watched his eyes grow wide with anxiety before he began to back-peddle. "I dig your vibe too by the way! I just thought you'd be worried that your ability wouldn't match with mine since mines is a bit... well... pure". Alex seemed to pause to consider his next words. "And girls don't normally like guys who have soft powers like empathy and empathetic healing". Emma felt a rush of guilt as Alex now lowered his eyes. She reached over the table to take his hand in her own. "Alex." She breathed softly. "I dig your vibe too." He chuckled lightly at that and ran his thumb over hers. She sighs as she finally allows the many layers of her ability to strip themselves back, leaving her bare and exposed for the first time in years. "It's just that my whole image is faked". She breaks eye contact again as her true form is finally revealed. "I was in a house fire when I was seven." She said flatly. "Me and my sister were the only two out of the five of us to make it out. I've hated the way I look ever since for obvious reasons". She registers the sound of Alex swallowing and tries not to imagine his Adam's apple bobbing in his throat. She tries not to imagine his eyes as they take in her scars. "... and you were hurt?" He sounds gentle. Full of fake sympathy. Typical. "Obviously." She snaps. She feels tears threaten to leak out of her one good eye and down her scarred face. Alex rubs his thumb over her hand once again. She feels a strange warmth as he raises her hand to his mouth to softly kiss it. "You're beautiful" he murmurs into her raw and scarred skin. For the first time in her life, Emma believes it. Edit: damn this one blew up a bit. Thank you so much for all the lovely comments (both here and in my inbox) and also for the two (2!!!) silvers! I've actually been struggling with writing lately thanks to a real bitch of a depressive episode and so this means a massive amount to me. I'll try to reply to as many as I can but I just thought I'd post a proper thank you on my comment as well. 