
For ten years the war has been destroying our planet. When the first krogen ships landed near the imperial town we were curious about their intentions. We were not prepared for any hostility. Our society overcame violence and war thousands of years ago. When they aimed their electric guns at us we were petrified. They shocked us, they hit us, those who tried to fight back were heavily injured by their blades. Every single citizen of the imperial town was enslaved in the first week. Even the royal family. More and more slave ships came. More and more cities fell. We had no army, no one knew how to fight. It took us two years to build a resistance. It was not formed by scientists, artists or philosophers, those people that we all looked up to. It was our fishermen that first fought back. In hindsight it seems logical, they were hunters, they had harpoons and were used to kill the monsters from the deep. No one else was used to spill blood on our planet. Our new leader is Kalman the fisher, Kalman the warrior, Kalman the king. ------ It is the 10th anniversary of the assault. The Sunwind, the last of our space ships has returned from exploration im search for help in our fight and Kalman is meeting with Namar, the enemy war-chief on his vessel to discuss the terms of our surrender. At least that's what the Krogen think. But Kalman has a message for them that they are not prepared for and we do not expect him back alive. ------ ,,Kalman, finally we meet." The war chief felt victorious, now that the enemy had gone into the trap. The resistance would lose it's head today. The total victory was near. ,,Namar. You don't think I'm stupid enough not to know that I will die today?" Namar's movements slowed down, almost stopped, a sign of hesitation. ,,Interesting. Keep talking. Why are you here then?" ,,Your species has discovered, conquered and enslaved hundreds of planets,..." ,,Thousands!" Namar threw in. ,,... you have heard of the human race?" ,,Who has not heard of the forbidden system, of those maniac hairless monkeys playing with atoms and killing themselves. No one is allowed to go there until they have destroyed themselves. Why do you mention them?" ,,We may lose our freedom and our planet, maybe today or in a year from now but your destiny will be worse." ,,What? What are you talking about? You have lost, you have nothing! You must be crazy! Speak! What is this nonsense?" ,,Our ship Sunwind came home today." ,,We know. But it is defenseless as everything else on your weak planet. We have scanned every tak of it and you have nothing that is a thread to us." ,,It came home from its journey to the planet Earth." Namar's movements became slower. ,,On Earth we made friends with a warrior tribe and our scientists helped them to build a spaceship." Namar's eyes opened wide in disbelief. ,,We showed them the way to your home planet. We told them of your slavery trade and your dictatorship. Believe me when I say they have weapons that you couldn't dream of. When their soldiers fight, they kill. They will leave a trail of blood, they will destroy your planet and your people and make it look like they did a good thing." Namar froze. ,,How?... Why?.... Why should I believe you? Why should they attack us? We are not their enemies!" We told them about your home planet. We told them about your dirty oceans. We told them about your OIL as they call it. Believe me when I say: They will come for you." ------ PS: My first short story in a foreign language. Sorry for any mistakes. Edit: words 