
**A Brief History and Final Advice** *by Sage Sebastien of Hintz* For the first 18 years of life, parents focus on developing their children's core attributes - Strength, Dexterity, Constitution, Wisdom, Intelligence, and Charisma. The Core Attributes (CAs) - and how they are developed - necessarily increase associated skills. After the age of 18, though, the child is now responsible for their own improvement, and can choose to Specialize in a specific skill or set of skills. This is where Athletes become Climbers, for instance, or the Intelligentsia become Mathematicians, or Charismatics become Politicos, and what have you. It didn't take very long, however, for our People to discover the 'best' way to maximize skill potentials. This lead to the creation of the Meta - a series of templates for parents to use to begin their children's development in ways most conducive to their future careers. This eventually became known as "Maxing". My parents were both Statisticians, members of the Intellegentsia tasked with logging and analyzing trends within the Meta. They both grew up prior to the Meta, so they weren't Maxed like some of the younger members, but they were both very competent in their roles. It was my mother that first discovered the "Dump Stat" trends - how every Meta template had 1 Core Attribute that would *never* be increased. She talked about it with my father, who then applied the trend mapping schema to the Meta as a whole, and discovered a disturbing pattern. Over time, there was 1 Core Attribute that was trending towards obsolescence - the Wisdom attribute. So they decided between them that, if they should ever have a child, they would work towards reversing this trend by assigning CA increases solely towards the child's Wisdom score. As luck would have it, I was born not too long afterward. I spent the first 18 years of my life feeling left behind, never as strong, fast, agile, smart, or likeable as anyone else. But also, over that time it slowly became known that I was the one to go to for advice. I began to see why my parents were Maxing my Wisdom, and continued onwards after my 18th birthday. Now, as I assign my 30th and final increase to my Wisdom attribute and ascend to the heights of enlightenment, I finally come to the realization that all this - Maxing, Metas, life itself - it doesn't matter in the end. It doesn't matter one bit, not at the highest of levels of Oneness. But we don't live there, at those highest of levels. We live in the dirt and granularity of individuality. So go - do it. Ask the questions. Do the things. Be scared, be safe, be silly, be serious, be whatever it is you want to be. But most of all, be present, here, now, in the moment. Because in the end, it won't matter, but in the Now - it's totally worth it. 