
Eyes closed, breathing in for ten long seconds, and out for five, I feel the warm breeze brush my skin. The minuscule hairs on my body absorb the nutrition in the air, satiating my hunger from the lack of wind the day before. It has been a while since the day has been so satisfying. The coldness lasted at least seven months before the first signs of Spring were seen. We walked under the gaze of the sun tirelessly, fearing that if we every lost sight of it, then we would be trapped in eternal darkness. And so evenings were filled with screaming and crying. We would wake up and see who we would leave behind that day, whether they died from hunger or from the cold, we chose to ignore. The only concern was survival. Three weeks into Spring, the sun stays with us longer, and the wind blows away the black fog from the past, and brings with it the sustenance for the future. I open my eyes and look around, noticing that all the others are still motionless, basking in their moment of respite while they can. We are in the ruins of one of the larger cities. I slowly begin to walk around, despite unnecessary movement being heavily advised against, as it is a needless waste of energy. I struggle to comprehend how thousands, perhaps even millions as some claim, used to live in such towers of darkness. Now covered in weeds and climbing vines, they are home to some of the stronger creatures in our world; the rodent. They scuttle at a pace no human can keep, and bite with a force that could separate the arm from the man. The most dangerous quality of the rodent is its size, for it does not even reach the knee of a small child. They are hard to see, and can be lurking anywhere. We are easy prey. I stub my toe painfully on a strange object. Cursing my clumsiness, I bend down to see what it is. It is quite heavy, and of a strange material. The letters S P A M are plastered on the front. At the top of the object, there appears to be a small handle. My curiosity gets the better of me, and I decide to pull. Considering that I must to use my entire strength to unlock the device, I assume that the interior must be precious. As the lid breaks open I look inside... Pink. Strange Odour. Spongey texture. I have an overwhelming desire to place my tongue on it, so I look around to make sure no one is looking, and make contact. Fascinating. There is a sensation on my tongue I cannot quite describe. As if what my mouth normally feels like...has changed. I lick again. And again. And again. I figure that perhaps if I were to put a larger amount in my mouth, the feeling would be amplified. Reaching in with my fingers, I grab a small amount and delicately place it in my mouth. Immediately, my mouth seems to start producing its own liquid, forcing me to break the SPAM down with my inner-mouth bones. I swallow. I can feel it. It runs down my throat, and into my stomach, and it stops. Why did it stop there? Would it not go down my legs and out of my feet? Fear takes its course, and I cannot help but think that I will be the first to die in Spring. But at least it is a beautiful day. Yet I do not die. In fact, I feel warm. Warmer than I have ever felt. It is as if I have been in the nutritional wind for a decade. I take more of the SPAM. More. Until it is all gone, and my belly is round to the extent I nearly worry it may explode. It must surely be a product of the past, where things we cannot comprehend existed in abundance. I have no doubt that it is due to this SPAM that humanity did not fear the rodents. We must find more if we are to survive. 