
"What about the public?" Musk said. "I've always been open about things." Roland Luccio sucked on his lower lip intensely and looked at the founder of SpaceX, and then over at Sapphira, who sighed and shook her head. "The public is not ready for something like this," Roland said. "How are we supposed to fund a journey like this in secret? Alpha Canis Majoris is 2.6 parsecs away-that's, uh, over eight light years." Sapphira finally rose from her seat and hurried over to the screen. With a few quick sweeps and taps of her fingers, she drew up the plans for the project. When she first started studying marine biology, she never thought she'd be working on something like this. Two of the world's most powerful men relied directly on her for a project that would cost... she didn't even want to think about the numbers. A solar system popped up on the screen. The white main-sequence star of spectral type at the center, known as Sirius A, was twice as large as our own sun. The system around it looked very different, as well, with another star, a white dwarf called Sirius B, orbiting the center of the system. NASA had spent the last year trying to gather as much information about the system as possible, and nearly all resources had been funneled into the project. Strings had even been pulled with the government, and part of the military funding now went straight into NASA's pocket. The model of the solar system on the screen shifted and zoomed in on a bright blue planet. After decoding the whale song, Sapphira had spent many nights awake, thinking about the implications. She had always thought about night sky's reflection in the sea-the only mirror able to hold the universe on its shiny surface-and it didn't feel all too strange that some of the creatures living there would somehow be connected to vast expanses of space. "So, that's where we're going?" Musk said and rose from his seat as well. "I take it you're interested then," Roland said and joined the other two. "Of course, I just wish you'd told me sooner." The two men shook hands, and Roland's lips turned into a smile of relief. Getting Elon Musk and SpaceX on board was crucial and had likely been a significant stress factor to the old NASA director for quite some time now. Their technology on rapid space travel would be crucial for this expedition. "I'm happy you've decided to join us, let's set up the meetings as soon as possible." Musk nodded. "I just have one question: who'll be the head of this mission? Who will lead the expedition?" Roland threw out his wrinkly hand and sat back down in the armchair. "My number one pick would be Dr. Sapphira Lake over there." Sapphira's eyes went wide. "B-but I don't have any astronaut training; I'm just-" "Of course," Musk cut her off excitedly, "the person who discovered the whole thing in the first place. A fine choice!" Sapphira's heart was racing now. She'd never been out of the country before, and she felt like there must be hundreds, if not thousands, of people more qualified than her. She thought about her cat, Noodle, and wondered who'd take care of him if she left for... another solar system. "What do you say, Sapphira?" Roland said. She swallowed and took a deep breath. Was she ready for this? What would her mother say? She played the scenario in her head: 'Hey, Mom, I'm going to Sirius for a bit-don't expect me back before Christmas.' The look on her mother's face would be a combination of pride and sadness. On a mission like this... well, she wouldn't be returning to Earth, that much was certain. Still, the discovery of the meaning behind the whale song made her shiver. She had to go. "I'd be honored," she said and bowed slightly. "Then it's settled!" Roland said. "You can start picking out your team, Sapphira - Mr. Musk, let's continue our talk in private-I have a few propositions I'd like to run by you." The two men left the room, and Sapphira found her eyes wandering to the massive clock that adorned the wall. One year and two days left to launch. She was about to leave Earth forever-the thought was dizzying-and the journey there would take so long... she'd be close to forty when they finally reached Alpha Canis Majoris. She couldn't quite wrap her head around it. She was nineteen now, and by the end of the journey, she would've spent more time on board that space ship than on Earth. Still shaky from the unexpected news, Sapphira turned off the computer and plugged her earphones in. The shrill but soft sounds, echoing through the ocean filled her mind. The song was beautiful and sad-emotions that perfectly portrayed the meanings behind it. **** [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/6w4j6y/the_song_of_sirius_part_2/) r/Lilwa_Dexel for more. 