
I am a gravekeeper. The canvas pages creaked as I closed the leather-bound tome and placed it on the desk. How could this profession used to have been so tranquil? Could our ancestors have struck some sort of pact with the beasts? I confess, it was much scarier to think that they were just ignorant of reality. My own experience matches most of common literature. They often come with the mist, so they can be hard to spot. Their translucent wings beats almost silently, and have an eerie way of not displacing the mist as they flap. I have never witnessed them shatter a gravestone with one punch, but they flee from firelight. All knowledge on record seems to indicate the impossibility of sensing them. 500 years of knowledge, of terror, and that is everything our species had discovered. But there has to be more that we have yet to discern. My cemetery has a drastically higher entombment rate, making me the most sought after gravekeeper in the county. I don't understand it, and can't explain it when they ask how, but I can sense them. I remember the first time I saw one, slowly approaching my sleeping body... I sat up, not quite sure what it was that I was feeling. The stubble on my adolescent face clung to the sheet over my pillow. The tingling on the back of my neck was a very peculiar sensation. All of a sudden, it started travelling across my skin. What kind of bug was crawling on me? SLAP! The skin on my hand and my neck stung, but I had not felt the familiar crunch of exoskeleton. I shuddered as it passed under my right arm and traversed my ribs. It settled on my right hip, and was oddly comforting, like the light caress of a loving mother. But, something was off. There was a presence in the room. I looked to the right, and saw... something. In the pitch black of night, it was almost a blurry circle, about a foot in diameter, which was somehow... less black. It wasn't grey, and was very easy to miss, but it was floating and seemed to be growing in size. I knew what it had to be. My mother's voice rang in my ears. "They come at night, to snatch your bones. They feel your fright, it feeds their souls. Your only friend, in these times of need, to postpone your end, is light, indeed." I reached under my pillow and pulled out my flint, striking it in one smooth motion. The spark was enough to briefly illuminate the room, and it fled. I wish that I could abandon my memory of those haunting eyes as easily, but i will never forget. They seemed to be a shade of... evil. 