
A flickering then an eventual fade into darkness - those were the last of memories of Hex. Hex regained consciousness in a pleasant room. Antique bookshelves covered all fours filled with countless hardbound books, the scent of pine cones waft in the air. A desk separated Hex and an old man with a long, gray beard. On the desk, a pendulum swings. "Your time is up. Now, you can do as you wish in this new world. Any regrets you may have had, any unsolved problems, any lost friendships - you can redeem them or throw them in the darkness. The actions you take as we move you to the next stage is all in your control." The man raised his forehead, pointing two of his fingers at me. "Any questions?" "Yes. What if I'd prefer *not* to tamper with the events in my past life?" The man had a deep, resounding voice as he laughed. "Are you not curious with the *what ifs* of your life? There are infinite numbers of things that you could have done. We have a complete list of all the winning lottery tickets across all 50 states. You can relive your wedding. The possibilities are endless." "Is life always about winning? About tying all knots? I had a meaningful, flawed existence - and having to go through it again with the knowledge I have now would be a blow to my self. I would be happy, sure, but pleasure is not my end goal. My self-respect would wane and the relationships, no, the *perceptions* of my relationships would be utterly distorted." The man frowned, jotting a short, continuous stroke. "The change need not be separate from the life you have previously lived. If you wish, you can replay the exact same sequence of life decisions. Your moral righteousness offends all the people that have been in your place." The man paused, his eyes light up as if remembering something. "Right, you're a theist. *Of course* you subscribe to that line of thought. What if I told you, say, there is no god to judge you this time around?" "That doesn't change things. My worldview goes beyond spirituality. With whatever I do, I cannot control the things that have happened in the past. Being able to relive it would lead me to fall under the loop of regretting past actions, however flawed they may be. And if it comes to that, the life I may have once perceived as meaningful would wither away and be replaced with something hollow." The man interrupted. "We can rewire the events in your new experience. We could ensure your situation remains pleasant and that you won't fall astray." "That's not the point." Hex sighed. "Having my life tampered with would remove the beauty in its fleeting existence. Being placed in a pleasure simulator is not conducive to a fulfilling life." The old man stroke his beard and exhaled, pondering. After a few quiet moments, the old man finally stood up and ripped the paper from his clipboard and placed it in a chute that was camouflaged with the books behind him. He looked at Hex. "You passed. Well, rather, it's quite odd. You don't seem like the type to enjoy the conventional view of heaven, what *did* you expect to come after death?" The old man asked curiously. "A nice spa bath. My back is quite sore. And after that, non-existence. To flutter in the air. To be a star in space. Pure, unadulterated, non-existence." "Okay." 