
I sighed and fidgeted uncomfortably as I leaned over the pastel kitchen counter, chopping up vegetables for tonight's dinner. As much as I had gotten used to the rhythms of this new life, I still could never feel comfortable doing anything in a dress. As I methodically sliced the carrots into small circles, I remembered the smooth feeling of denim sliding over my legs, how much easier it made it to run, to sit on a chair and pull my legs up underneath me. Every now and then, this feeling that I could only describe as nostalgia would wash over me - nostalgia for the future that had once been mine. It was 1pm; Henry was at work, and as usual I had the house to myself all day... every day. As I poured the vegetables into the pot of soup I was preparing on the oven, I remembered my fast-paced business career, the college education I had worked so hard to receive to get there. I thought back to the accident, for the first time in a long time. A simple bike ride. I had only looked down at my phone for a second, and the next thing I knew, the world was sliding sideways as my forehead smacked into the pavement. These longings for my former life were getting fewer and farther between, but as the memories washed over me, I slipped out of the kitchen and climbed the stairs to my room. Peeling back the second left floorboard under the bed, I pulled out the iPhone. The cool metal felt strange in my hands, which had once grasped this device almost as if it were a part of my body. There were some positives to being here, in 1953. I could experience life more fully without the barrage of social media filters, text messages, and global news notifications. I saw the world around me as it was. I didn't stop to take pictures. I simply lived in it. I swiped my finger across the screen, marveling at the sleekness of the phone compared to the bulky TV that sat in my living room and aired new weekly episodes of I Love Lucy and the Ed Sullivan show (I could not *wait* for The Beatles). Closing my eyes, I played all of the iPhone's sounds in settings that had once irritated me, remembering how these alarms, timers, and pings had broken up my life into segments and defined it. I As I went to close the phone and get back to dinner, my moment of indulgence over, I saw it. A small semi circle, just to the left of the battery symbol. And another, on top of it. And then another. A small cry burst from my lips as I clicked the phone off and threw it to the ground, temporarily stunned. Had that been...A wifi signal? I shook my head, utterly confused. I hadn't slept much the night before. Surely my eyes had deceived me. I tentatively picked the phone back up, turned it on, my eyes daring to glance back to the top left corner. There it was. I rapidly opened the phone and went into the small settings app. Next to wifi, I saw the connection; a network name that sent a chill down my spine. "Impossible," the word slipped from my parted lips, barely even a breath. A tear stole down my cheek. "Hospital_Wifi" I ever so slowly opened up Safari. A Google search bar popped up. I found myself entering my first and last name, my shaking fingers awkwardly fumbling over the keyboard. The results showed up instantly. "Beloved local business owner passes second birthday in coma." 