
I've always been slow. My synapses, they tell me, don't exactly fire like yours do. They sputter and choke and cough, and half the time it's a false start anyway. So I'm not much good in a fight, because I see the world like one of those movies that flickers along in black and white, skipping frames and leaving the inbetweens to your imagination. One moment there might be a boy who looks at me like a cat looks at a juicy old lap, ready to sink his claws in. Then I might see a blur of knuckle wavering through the air. Then maybe I taste blood and feel a nosefull of pain. I was slow everywhere and at everything. Usually a bad thing, I'll admit. But I'd like to think in the bedroom, I at least held my own. Well, most of the time I had to, to tell you the truth -- if I didn't have enough money. Ageing, my mom used to say, was my true gift. That I was born for a purpose. "You'll see what the planet looks like in two hundred years! Won't be no more war, or hatred or bullying. None of this stuff, baby." Then she'd stare up at the stars. "Maybe someday you'll get to step foot up there on the moon itself." Well she was a bit of a romantic, but she wasn't far off the mark, as it turns out. I must have seen a hundred doctors, growing up. Autism, some said. The first few we saw. That's why he speaks so damned slow, Mrs Smith. That's why it takes him so long to add two and two, or to balance this cube on that cube. But they weren't really certain. All I think they knew for sure is it damn well wasn't ADHD. As I grew physically, which is to say as slowly as I think, they labelled me with CHILD syndrome. The body just... *stops* growing. Sorry Mrs Smith, but your James is always going to be a tiny toddler. Luck of the draw, they said to her. Implying she got unlucky. That she lost. She never thought so. Only reason we even saw so many doctors was because of my red in the face father. Always red, his face. From embarrassment, or disappointment. From anger or from drink. From his blood pressure, too, which is what got him in the end. If he'd just taken a leaf out of your book, mom said, and just slowed on down. Heh. After mom died, to tell you the truth, I was alone. I always knew I was alone in how I was, but to be actually alone -- all alone -- well, that was something else. Proxima Centauri b. Even with all that wonderful technology available, even with cryo rests to let the pilot sleep for four fifths of the journey, it was too far for any human to reach. And there *has* to be a pilot on board. Someone to tweak controls if it all started going south down shit creek. Someone to start the machine up once there, too. To get the embryos turning into little people. I guess that's why they reached out to me. I didn't see much of a reason to stay anway, not with mom gone up to the stars. Heck, maybe I'd find her somewhere up there. So, I said yes and I got to training. Those boys and girls at NASA are much smarter than anyone I ever knew, and they made up equipment that would work real slow. That was built just for me and my body. Was the first time since mom died that I felt special. I miss Earth. I do. Whiskey and wine, music and smells. But now, I got something better. The sound of twenty children playing and laughing. Not laughing at me no more, but at each other, or with me as we play my slow 'old man' games. This. This is where I belong. The gravity is just a little bit less here, and everything feels a little bit slower. Just feels *right*. --- /r/nickofnight 