
"Room clear" "Room Clear, moving on" Jack moved with well rehearsed speed. taking up a position at the other side of the door frame to the next room. Deftly Margaret moved up next to him and waited for me to breach the door. The time was eleven twenty-nine in the morning, I had done the exact same thing two hundred and thirty nine times before. I kicked hard, hitting the door at it's weakest point. With a crash it slammed open and I dashed into the room to aid the hostages inside. Their eyes were red and puffy from crying, but they were safe for now, the other team members in the back would escort them to safety while we continued our task of securing the building. "Room secured, next floor" Jack our squad leader was taking stock of the situation while we moved. "This is the last floor, they think they saw people moving around, don't shoot unless you're sure you aren't going to injure a hostage" This was mostly a formality, in the fifteen missions we'd run together we had never harmed a civilian. I'd make sure of that. We moved cautiously up to the top floor of the building, all of us were tense. This was where it all went wrong. Margaret moved to the only remaining room in the building, a lounge at the top of the Agraco building. As she stepped forward into the room there was a loud crack of a gunshot, followed by several more. We barely heard her cry out as she tumbled back injured and bleeding. Discipline and training were the only thing that kept Jack from immediately rushing to her side. Instead he moved to a position and started laying down suppressing fire while I moved around to flank the culprits. As I moved past a closet door it opened and a man took aim with a revolver. He'd done this every time and I barely had to look as I quickly pivoted and fired twice before turning back to my objective, ignoring the man who slumped back behind the door. I threw myself flat at just the right moment as a hole appeared in the wall next to me, missing me by a fraction of a second. I rolled on the floor and sighted along my gun, pulling the trigger as I did. Several shots sounded from the barrel of my weapon, and the remaining adversaries fell to the ground. Three dead I thought, floor cleared, we're done. I got up, not even pretending to be worried about remaining hostiles, and strode over to where Margaret was laying. Jack was administering first aid to her. She smiled weakly as I got close "my vest took the worst of it but a lucky shot nicked me, guess I'm lucky this time" she said with a soft chuckle. I smiled in reply, "well then I guess you're buying the drinks next time", she said something in reply but I had already turned around as I reached for my phone. As I turned it on, a notification on the screen told me I had missed a call about seventy five minutes ago. I pressed the icon to check my voicemail. "We're sorry, it's your wife, she just collapsed and we did everything we could, but we just couldn't......." the message continued but I had stopped listening, my mind suddenly unable to process the words..... As the world faded away I began by two hundred and forty first attempt. Damn it..... It never changes....... 