
Before the car crash, time slowed for silly things like a falling book or a person running towards me without looking. So last year, when I stepped out of that car heading towards the headlights of a large truck that was slowly edging forwards, I felt invincible. Since then, I couldn't help but find ways to dance with death. I went on a one-man safari in South Africa carrying raw meat, I toured the streets of Syria during a particularly brutal firefight and I swam with sharks off the coast of South Australia. Each time danger approached I felt the world around me slow to a crawl before I escaped to safety. But when it happened again last month, everything changed. I was eating breakfast with my younger sister when suddenly I felt as if another truck was about to plough through the kitchen. My sister was mid-way through a joke she'd learned at school when she froze. I searched for any danger nearby but there was nothing out of the ordinary. So I set out to search the town for anything that could indicate a looming threat. I checked the newspapers for odd stories that may indicate a problem, then I searched the police station, the gas storage facility, and the local mall. Nothing. The fear started to creep in, sending shivers down my spine as I began to comprehend this danger was greater than anything I'd experienced yet, and I had know idea what it was. It was only once I'd searched the entire town that I realised I hadn't checked the army base. I rushed out on my bike and slid through a half open gate that a guard was closing behind a delivery truck. I eyed the guard's pistol as I squeezed past. For the next six hours I searched every inch of that base, hoping I'd find the source of the danger. But there was nothing out of the ordinary. Soldiers were sleeping in the barracks and eating in the canteen, weapons were locked away in the armory, and tanks were lined up in neat rows undisturbed. Then, just as I was walking out, feeling hopeless, I noticed the driver of the delivery truck that I'd seen on the way in. He was wearing civilian clothes and grinning like a lunatic. I walked up to the truck and opened the driver's door. Something didn't seem right about this guy. I quickly ran to the back of the truck and tried to open it, but a padlock stopped me. I went to a workshop I'd been searching earlier and found boltcutters. When I finally opened the back of the truck, I looked straight into the eyes of a balaclava-clad man crouched in the shadows behind what appeared to be a massive bomb, holding what must have been the detonator. The horror of the situation hit me like a freak wave and I stumbled back, hyperventilating. What should I do? Up until now I'd always used the time to run away from the danger. I was able to jump from that car before the truck hit me; I was able to run from the lion before it mauled me, I was able to dodge bullets that were aimed at me; and I was able to swim from the shark before it bit me. But this time? How could I run away knowing so many people would die? I thought of my sister sitting back at the table, stuck midway through her joke. I knew the blast would reach her. But what if I tried to stop them? What would happen? I'd never done that before. And how would I do it? I don't know how to defuse a bomb. I looked at the balaclava-clad man and thought through my options. Then I remembered the guard carrying the pistol and I started walking towards the gate. 