
It was dusk and Tornnus, son of the fire, was hammering the searing steel into a knife. He needed it urgently as the night before he had lost his somewhere between countless beers, ales and songs. His sturdy, soot-covered hands were trembling due to the abstinence and he couldn't quite spot when was the last time he had been sober at this time of the day. But he knew very well that the knife was a matter of life and death. He didn't dare to look downwards where his long, braided and ginger beard rested. He felt heretic and dirty inside. He could feel those rioting hairs pricking against his chest, dishonoring their ancient culture. A culture which condemned those whose beards weren't immaculate. He had to cut them off. Otherwise, he couldn't leave his forge which meant no alcohol, which meant betraying his kind. The night fell and the tender red of his forge and crucible tinged his gloom smithy. Tornnus sat on a chair which creaked for his life, fidgeting as he gazed, unblinking, towards his iron table where the boiling knife rested. He cursed under his breath, for he had forgotten to fill his slack tub with cold water. Hours had passed and the knife remained the same, strange thoughts wandered across Tornnus' mind. Could he risk ruining his beard using the knife as it was? The answer was a resounding negative. He felt caged and claustrophobic, his bloated skin was dry begging for the holy ichor to feed his veins. What could he possibly do? A not so deranged idea crossed his mind, removing the insurgent hairs with his bare hands. But it faded into forgetfulness once his eyes met the mess of grease and soot that he called hands. Tornnus took a deep breath and stared downwards to properly assess the chaos. He fainted after witnessing stains of soot impregnated on his beard, dulling its usual brightness and hiding its fiery red. If only he had remembered to fill some buckets with water, this would have never happened. His black eyes shot open at the booming noise of fists stomping his oak door. Daylight seeped through the crevasses of his dry stone walls. How long did he lay unconscious? His lips were shattered, his beard disturbed by various dirty enemies yet Tornnus wasn't worried about that anymore. "I'm sleeping you bastards! I will open in two hours," he yelled and the noise stopped. Tornnus examined the knife, strangely he remembered everything that had happened the day before. Was he enchanted? What was this witchcraft? He almost bolted out the room to seek for Muradain's blessing, he needed answers, his brain felt overwhelmed yet relaxed by the memories. He had never felt so good in his life. Tornnus was torn between two conjectures. If a dwarf stains his beard, then he's granted the power of memory by other forcers, was the first one. The other one was simply that Alcohol was a mind wiper in disguise. He felt a shiver crawling up his legs, both of these ideas defied his beliefs. But he was going to test them. He waited for the dusk----when all the dwarves went to the inns or stayed at their homes drinking beer----to fall and left his smithy to seek some water. The dwarves that still roamed the streets cursed at him, some even defied him to a duel for his honor but Tornnus ignored them all. He simply filled some buckets with water and brought them back to his smithy, where he cut, cleaned and perfected his beard. The next morning, he remembered everything with unbelievable clarity. His beard was immaculate, so it had to be the alcohol. With his chest high he sought for those who defied and cursed at him the night before. He found them smiling and claiming that they didn't remember doing such a thing. Tornnus' discovery could've changed the beliefs of his people but, like a proper dwarf, he said nothing and went to get some beer and ale. -------------------------------------- /r/therobertfall 