
"Are we heading in the right direction? I thought the planet was a little more towards the star?" Captain Festej asked his navigator that morning as they were fast approaching their destination, a pristine blue planet with a few swirls of brown and white on the surface. It had been nearly 10,000 years since they had last come there, but the entire crew remembered placing the primates on the planet all those years ago. "Yes, I'm sure this is the right planet. I wouldn't mistake that blue for anywhere else," Navigator Polsre responded, pulling up the itinerary the crew had had for the past decade or so on this journey. "It's the last one on our list." "Finally. I'm getting sick of this assignment. Those silly apes were never going to do much of anything. We should have really stopped the Scientific Consortium from attempting this experiment. The primates would have done just as good on Baby Blue in our solar system," Chief Scientist Quawx posited. "Polsre, what's the betting line on this planet?" "Of our crew, four say there's not going to be anything on the planet. You're the only one left, Quawx." Quawx thought about this for a moment. The Chief Scientist had taken over the project begrudgingly after the Scientific Consortium had pretty much kicked her out for transgressions in evolution. She had thought this was an ironic assignment, but the Scientific Consortium was known for their fitting punishments. Of the 99 other planets they had tried this experiment on, none had been successful. Perhaps the hundredth time would be the charm. "I'll go for them still being there," Quawx said. She was not confident bit, but she had to have some faith that the Supreme Being would want those apes to get a chance on life. "Well, we'll find out in short order," Festej noted as the ship started to come up closer to the blue marble of a planet. The crew was looking out the main viewpoint as they were orbiting the planet. It was a beautiful blue like Baby Blue, although this place looked greener than any of them had suspected. Quawx was performing an analysis of the planet for what lifeforms were existent on the ground. Communications Expert Wazret was performing similar tasks evaluating for any sounds. They had left communications beacons on the off chance the apes learned how to use them. That had not happened at any of the planets, except for a false alarm on Experiment BB042. This had led to too much paperwork, so the Scientific Consortium had just sent a larger crew on a Destroyer Ship to eliminate the planet before anything got onto the Public Feed. In looking at the results, Wazret's mouth was closed tight with her teeth clenched, shaking her head in disbelief. Beside her, Quawx was shifting her weight nervously back and forth. The results were astonishing to say the least. Wazret was hearing the squealing voices from the radio, something called "Fifth Harmony" while Quawx was visualizing what appeared to be biped animals that had become hairless. Considering they had left the planet only 10,000 years ago, there was no way that these could have evolved from other lifeforms on the planet. These had to be the primates. The Scientific Consortium would be ecstatic that this project had finally returned something successful. "Update?" Festej asked from his chair at the center with Security Specialist Blozp beside him. "There appear to be few of the original primates we placed on the planet present," Quawx began. "Instead, there are other primates that have diverged. They still have quite primitive technologies at their disposal, like this space station orbiting at a near standstill. They have taken over the land quite impressively though, living on all corners even those that are not ideal for their relatively hairless bodies." "Their communications are quite rudimentary as well. They utilize the electromagnetic spectrum for some long-range transfers of information. Wires too connect quite a number of things too. They appear to be stagnant in that regard. Fortunately, they have yet to discover the beacon." "Okay, thank you. Quawx, you and Blozp will go to the surface in disguise to evaluate on a firsthand basis the planet. You have a day to evaluate. I want regular, hourly reports though. I do not trust what is happening on this planet," Festej remarked cautiously. --- Polsre handed Quawx the winnings, three decade's worth of salary on their ship. This was a meager winning as far as she was concerned given they had been in this ship for the past seven centuries looking for these hundred planets. Now it was time for them to go back to the Scientific Consortium to destroy this planet and the atrocities that had evolved on it. 