
I don't remember exactly what dying was like, but I imagine it had a similar indignity and misery to it as my life, given the last face I saw was Kyle Fresno's. Kid is a total prick and thinks a prank involves stuffing firecrackers in someone's hoodie. I was just trying to offer him a cookie. Now I'm dead, at the ripe old age of seventeen. Which is weird, because I always expected to die and have the world go black like someone had flipped a light switch on me. I'd wished so, at least. For a peaceful end to a miserable life. As I stand there, before Death, in a room of pure white that seemed to expand forever, I realize that it won't be as peaceful as I'd hoped it would. I gaze at him, an inversion of everything I'd come to expect of what Death might be; a skeleton black as night, wearing robes whiter than bone. In his hands is a scythe with a blade of pure gold, riddled with inscriptions. "It's finally my time, huh?" I ask weakly, apathetic to my own calling. "Not surprising. Life was shit anyway." He stares at me with two black holes for eyes. "Just get on with it, will you? Haven't I suffered enough?" Still, he stares, quiet, unflinching. I scoff, and look to a black sky. "Fucking hell, man. Everyone back in the real world took every chance to hurt me, and now I'm dead, and Death itself is hesitating to end it all. Only me." Finally, he approaches, slowly, cautiously, and holds the scythe out. I close my eyes, waiting for the release of death, but it doesn't come. When I open them again, instead, the scythe stood a foot away from my eyes. I meet his unreadable gaze and, carefully, take the black scythe pole in my hand. It feels heavy, and strangely warm. It feels good, something coursing through me. On the gold blade, one of the words engraved into the metal stands out to me: karma. "I don't want this. No, I don't want this!" His eye-holes bore through me, tearing a hole in my heart. I find any further protests silenced in my throat. Death nods, hands me a robe like his but black, and sits on the floor. I put it on and feel myself change, see my hands melt from flesh into bone. White bone, like the traditional image of Death. Then I get the call, like someone is knocking on the door of my soul, and all I have to do is answer. Answering takes me there in an instant, to where the soul awaits. It's Mark, the douchebag that used to give me swirlies in fourth grade. Called me toilet-sucker and kept my face in with a sneaker to the back of the head. He's all grown up when I find him, a man in his forties, balding, fat, living out of a trailer park. Smoked two packs a day and drank Natty Light as though the world were ending. Well, now it is-- for him. He's standing there, over his own dead body, confused like a lost child. I approach him, and have an idea; I imagine my face is that of the boy I was when we were in grade school together. As I approach, he screams, and I hold back a smile. Is that bad of me? Does that make me evil? I'd always tried being nice to him, but... "Shit, no. No, a kid? This is too fucked up, man." "Do you recognize me?" I ask in a deep, rumbling voice not fit for the mask I wore. "From elementary school. You bullied me." His eyes widen. "Aw, shit, toilet-sucker? Look, we was just kids, I didn't mean to hurt you. I was all kinds of messed up back then." His hands raise in surrender, slowly retreating, but I lift the golden blade and approach. "Doesn't matter what you tell me; I don't make any decisions. I will say that I forgive you for what you did to me. His fearful eyes soften for a moment, turning down. I swing. A scream, primal and terrible, the last a person makes before their soul is destroyed, cuts short with the deep *whoosh* of my blade. I feel completion, seeing things through. For, you see, I am not a judge, nor am I a killer; I can impart no personal frustrations on the job. I don't take a life early, nor do I take one late. That's not why it was given to me, why he took a seat and let me drive for a little while. No, I'm just a messenger, and the message is simple: I forgive you, but karma's a bitch. */r/resonatingfury* 