
"Bet you didn't see THAT coming, Forehead!", Lady Quantum exclaimed, as I was led away by the officers. "It's Forethought!" I yelled back, as I always did. I loved when she called me that. Well, comparatively. The weight of the gleaming chunk of metal on my forehead was annoying at times, but at least she wasn't calling me 'dweeb' anymore. Progress, of a sort. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a shimmering, crystalline being emerged. Quartz, predictable as always. "AH, LADY QUANTUM. I SEE YOU HAVE THE AETHER CRYSTAL I'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR. I'LL BE TAKING THAT OFF OF YOUR HANDS NOW." "I don't even know what crystal you're talking about, salt for brains!" Lady Quantum shouted, just as the Aether Crystal itself phased into existence, falling gently into her hand. She looked confused for a moment, but almost instantly went back to her confident self. "Oh, wait, you mean *this* crystal? Well, come and get it!" Now, I knew that Lady Quantum couldn't take Quartz on in a fair fight. Or even a lopsided one. There was literally no chance of victory. Even if she dodged every attack he made, his diamond hide was impenetrable to any substance known to man. Well, except for crystallized zirconium, but it's incredibly rare. There's no way a random shard of it would happen to be growing in my lair. No chance at all. "AAAAHHHCHOOOO!" I loudly and dramatically faked a sneeze, causing the officers carrying me to stop. And also causing the glare from my headpiece to strike the crystal of crystallized zirconium I'd been growing in my lair, the faint sparkle catching the eye of Lady Quantum. I didn't know what exactly she would do with that information. Not in the same way that I knew the Aether Crystal, out of all possible locations in spacetime, would appear here and now, or how I knew the officers carrying me would be in this exact spot, at this exact time. Anything involving her was an unknown quantity. That's what I loved about her though. Every fight, every one of the myriad realities that collapsed together each time we faced one another, was interesting and new. I knew that if I gave myself enough of an advantage, started planning long enough in advance, I could beat her 100% of the time. But I never cared about losing, as long as it was to her. Quartz looked up, slow on the uptake as always. "AH, CRYSTALLIZED ZIRCONIUM, MY ONLY WEAKNESS. STRANGE HOW SUCH A RARE SUBSTANCE SHOULD BE GROWING HERE. EVEN STILL, YOU STAND NO CHANCE AGAINST ME, PUNY HUMAN!" Lady Quantum looked down at the probability gauge on her wrist as it flickered from 0.0000 to 0.0001. "Want to bet?" 