
The logo tattoos started as a wild publicity move, contained to only a few corporations following the trend after Domino's, but it brought on a revelation that changed society forever... You wouldn't think many people would be willing to permanently brand themselves for the promise of free food, but the first wave of marked citizens was overwhelming. Social media was bursting with images of freshly tatted necks, heads, and faces. All bearing the mark of a chain establishment, and all demanding their reward. The few companies that had taken part in the stunt were legally obligated to live up to their word, and nearly half a million citizens guaranteed themselves food for life before the last tattoo campaign was quickly ended. While these few corporations suffered heavy economic losses, many more began to realize how much they had to gain from people's desperation. A few executives saw that if people were willing to mark their faces for free food, then the promise of free food, housing, and employment for life would see them lining up in droves. It didn't happen all at once; It was a long, sly political war fought behind the curtain of media illusions, and the sinister powers at play did what was necessary to secure their prize: *Transferable Citizenship*. The world economy had been in a plummet for years, hard to imagine that it wasn't by design, and when things were at their worst, when there seemed to be no signs of a way out, twenty of the world's largest corporations released their master plan to save the poor from starvation and exposure. Any citizen of the United States, now including all of the Western Hemisphere, could voluntarily sign their citizenship over to any corporation offering, and they would be guaranteed employment, food, shelter, and security. There was no pay, the individual became property of the company, and was branded with a logo and ID number. I never would have thought that people would be willing to sell themselves into servitude, but the desperation most faced compelled them to bow before their masters. Of course, with the majority of the population now owned by a multitude of corporations, conflict was inevitable. The Disney Wars were the first to start; The massive conglomerate armed its slaves well, not that it needed to, their sheer numbers were enough to engulf most factions that stood before them, but they grew too bold, and a coalition of corporations rose up against them. The war was long and brutal, and in the end the victors turned on one another. Competing for the ownership of the surviving Disney slaves and its resources. It seems now that this state of war will continue to be the world's reality until there is only one dominant company left. Some of us, who hadn't fallen so low as to sell our souls, banded together underground. We move in silence, staying hidden from the new world, and we can only hope that one day the slaves rise up in consciousness and turn their weapons upon those who would not cease until every last living thing on this earth is crushed beneath their heels. r/beagletales 