
Jessica crumpled the note in her hand. The all-too-familiar tremble returned to her spine, spreading down her arms, raising the tiny hairs in its wake. >This could have been us. The phrase echoed through her mind. Over the years, she had grown used to the squiggly handwriting and the cooked meals. She never ate them or slept in the made bed. The first few times, she'd called the cops, which of course did nothing. 'No evidence of foul play, ma'am,' the officer had said, 'but we'll keep a car in the area.' Jessica reached for the knife, still on the cutting board sprinkled with chives residue, still warm in her cold hand. He was here. She tried listening for sounds, but all she heard was the drumroll of her heart. Slowly, she made her way over to her bag and fished out her phone. She had done this a hundred times before. "He's here," Jessica breathed into the phone. *** "Hey, what do you make of this one?" Sam said, waving the newspaper. "A woman claiming to have been stalked for thirteen years was found dead in her bed last night." His gray hair bounced off his shoulders as he made it over to the couch. His brother stared disinterestedly at the TV screen. Years of cheeseburger and beer abuse had taken its toll on Dean's body, and his stained wife beater struggled to contain his bloated belly. "That does have a certain air of *I-don't-give-two-shits* to it," Dean grumbled. "Besides, we're too old for this, Sammy." "But imagine being stalked for thirteen years," Sam said, adjusting his glasses. "That's worse than-" "Worse than what? Going to Hell? Making buddies with Lucifer? Getting smacked around by a bunch of monster-under-your-bed types for a career?" Dean's face turned red as he spoke. "We're retired now. Let someone else handle it." "Nobody did for thirteen years. Everyone probably thought she was crazy. Imagine living like that..." Dean mumbled something unintelligible and turned up the volume on the TV. Sam shook his head and limped toward the door. He knew now why his brother never watched the news or read the paper - something strange was bound to come up eventually. His cane tapped against the marble stairs. It wasn't his responsibility, and the woman was already dead. But for some reason, this bothered him. He had to get to the bottom of it. *** Dana Scully glanced suspiciously at the tall elderly fellow limping up to the reception desk. She pushed her walker forward, feeling the cramps bite into her legs and back. Usually, she didn't put her nose in other people's business, but the pressed suit and wavy silver hair didn't sit right with her - men of his age usually wore sweatpants and plaid vests, and were bald. "Excuse me," she said, her voice creaking. "Who are you?" "I'm special agent Booth with the FBI." The man leaned heavily on his cane, squinting his eyes. "No, you're not," Dana said curtly. "You're almost my age, and I don't remember anyone like you there." "Ah, you got me. I'm Sam Winchester, PI." "Let me guess; you're here about Jessica Lawrence. I'm Dana Scully, actually with the FBI... well, until I retired, at least." Sam looked her up and down, the wrinkles on his forehead growing deeper and darker. "It's weird, though, isn't it?" "What's weird, exactly?" "That this woman didn't get help for thirteen years, and never managed to identify her stalker. This is going to sound strange and possibly incriminating, but I feel guilty." Dana nodded. She felt exactly the same. That's why she abandoned her beloved flower garden and took the train down here. She had even called Fox, but his dementia was starting to get the best of him these days. "I get the feeling you've worked on cases like this before?" Dana finally said. "I have a few under my belt." Sam chuckled, and then started coughing. "Sorry, yeah, but it's been a while." She wasn't exactly sure why, but there was something in this man's eyes that was inherently good. The urgency in his voice told her that he wanted to put this right - as right as it could be. And once again, she felt the same way. "Okay, let's see if we can get into the morgue somehow." Dana turned her walker around. Sam nodded, and a smile cracked his chapped lips. "I think I have an idea." 