
I pulled one more string onto one more photograph, took a step back, and looked at my web of evidence. Each description is the same. A man with black hair with "abnormally blue eyes" coming to each of them. In Washington's memoirs, he wrote of this man coming. Hitler too, once spoke of a man with these eyes coming. This man is even in a painting of Van Gogh. He visited each one of them. And what is common with his requests to these people? Well, first he asked for their signature. Second, he did it exactly one month before each of their deaths. What is the point of this though? Does he require them to sign a contract? Is this an immortal collecting autographs? No, its not possible. Van Gogh was not famous until many years after he died. Maybe a lot of doppelgangers? Chances for this are too low. Aliens in suits? Would explain the eyes, but why collect signatures? Why not take them back to probe? Okay, this might be a time traveler. No, wait, it can't be. The man wore specific clothes which matched the time periods, which would be very inconvenient for someone who can simply move in and out very fast. What time traveler would not take the most convenient time where the targets exact location is known, and also just wear the same set of clothing while travelling right outside their doorstep? I take the lid off my marker and circle the final option. This man is death itself. He is in every myth and legend as the one who brings the end to life. Grim Reaper, Hades, Anubis, Hel, to name a few. He is getting these people to sign a contract to evict from their bodies and move into the underworld. Time to move is one month. That's loosely supported, but it makes a lot of sense. And now, send this to all the news sources I know. Make a few reddit posts too. And then, as soon as I'm done with all that, the doorbell rings. Such perfect timing. I open the door. It's a man, with a baseball cap pointed down, covering his face above his lips. "How may I help you?" I say. "Delivery for Mr. Johnson. Is he here?" Says the man. "That's me." "Alright." The man pulls a paper from his bag. Oh. Sudden realization, followed by fear come to me. Oh god no. God no. Please. "I'll just need you to..." "Please, no. Please. Give me some more time." I say, barely a squeak. "Urgent delivery. Just..." Eye contact is made. I can see them. Each description mentioned them. Abnormally blue eyes. "Sign here." ------------------ *Feedback very much appreciated, I'm trying to get better at writing.* Edit: cleared up (a bit) why the narrator rules out time traveler I wrote a part 2. [Here it is.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/5nlevh/pi_a_person_invents_a_time_machine_for_the_sole) 