
Why? Why were we one of those four? We didn't bring anything special to the table. We brought war. Hate, spite, vengeance. We brought murder and rape and tons of crime. We were the exact opposite of a role model. We, in our infinite paranoia that we called wisdom, focused on how to hurt. Our scientifical advancements were only created as an excuse to inspire STEM students of the whimsical possibilities that is Utopia. "All you need to do is create it" we said. All the while we figured out a way to use it for destruction. We had learned death. It was more than that. We learned that the 4 horsemen were both real, yet fake. There was no pestilence, no famine, no war. They were not mythical beings of insurmountable power. It was only death and death was us. We were monsters, creatures to be avoided. How could these species accept our rule? Were they afraid of us? There was another lesson in becoming death, however. The lesson of life. We had grown to accept that life had value. We had outlawed certain acts of war, because they did not hold up to our standards. We pushed our medicine to always improve, never slow down because we were death, and we decided whether or not it was time. We were willing to take prisoners, and treat them humanely. We had studied alien physiology to better treat them because we decided all of our laws applied to even them. Our very definition of battlefield bravery was defined by not only soldiers and sailors but also medics and other support staff, anyone who faced our engineered hellfire to save a fellow being. We told these battlefield heroics over and over again, as a recount of what both sides were willing to do. In reality we told these stories as a tribute, to men and women who had the courage we never could master. And for those subjects of the stories, we called them "human", because they faced our godly wrath and came out alive. We knew what we were capable of, and anyone that emerged out of our cleansing light could only be rewarded with the utmost care and respect, for we had learned that the best way to remove an enemy was to treat them like a friend. That was why we were the 4th race. Not because of our deafening fury, but because of what happened afterwards. What WE were willing to do afterwards. We knew when to stop and help pick up the pieces, because we had decided that those who remained didn't deserve to die. We, in our tyrannical fit of power, had rushed to call ourselves the Devil. And it wasn't until the other species pointed out why we were one of the best we understood; not because we had ignored where we came from and torched our race's history like so many other species, but because we had accepted it as who we were. Because even Lucifier was once an angel. 