
I had just finished putting it back together when I heard a loud banging on my door. By instinct, I dropped the screwdriver in the box and shoved everything under my pillow. &#x200B; "Surprise Inspection" a voice projected. I could hear a smirk behind the voice. "Hope this isn't a bad time," Sarah said as she unlocked my door. She had Professor Bumble with her this time. There was a "surprise" inspection just about every day now, with a different professor each time. &#x200B; Their eyes scanned the room, looking for even the slightest infraction. I stood next to my bed, the only piece of furniture in the room. &#x200B; "And What have you been up to?" the professor asked. Her wand already halfway through a spell. Before I could respond, the spell finished. A dozen ghostly copies of myself filled the room. Each on a loop, repeating a few seconds of time. The Professor studied them, looking at my expressions and trying to follow my gaze. I was relieved that the ghosts only showed me, not whatever I was touching or interacting with. &#x200B; "I was just ..." The Professor cut me off with a look. I held my head down, knowing better than to talk back. I didn't need to hear the lecture again about how I wasn't a real Wizard and I was wasting school resources. I was only accepted under the equal opportunities of magic act. I was expected to fail; just like the others. The fact I passed was considered unfortunate by most of my peers and teachers. &#x200B; After watching the ghosts for a while, the Professor sighed heavily and walked over to my bed. My heart started to race. Did she know about the box? Sarah quickly joined her and started looking around my bed, pulling up the sheets and lifting the mattress. I held my breath. &#x200B; "A-ha!" Sarah announced as she pulled big and rectangular from my bed and held it up so we could all see it. It was a half-empty bottle of lotion. &#x200B; The professor shook her head. "Looks like you found a better use of your time." She walked out of the room, dismissing the ghostly images. Sarah quickly followed, yelling "Pervert!" as she left. &#x200B; I took five deep breaths, and then slowly closed the door before sitting back down on my bed. My eyes filled with water as my chest heaved. Like a flash flood, it all flowed out of me. Laughter filled the room as tears streamed down my face. "Lotion?" was all I could say as I alternated between laughing and coughing. I picked up the lotion bottle and placed it next to me. "You can come out now." &#x200B; In an instant the lotion bottle disappeared, replaced by a little mechanical Imp. "Did Corduroy do good?" He asked me with large dark eyes. I smiled at him, "Yes, you did very good, I am so proud of you." 