
"They call them the Cabal," said the woman, as she limped towards Brett's table, her back hunched and her face hidden by the shadows of her hood. "Excuse me?" asked the large man who was tonight drinking alone. "Hitler, Stalin, Mao, Khan, and six others besides." The hunchback pulled out a stool opposite Brett and slowly sat. "But those four are names you have heard." Brett frowned. "I don't have any money, if that's what you're after." "No, General Curtis. I'm not after your money. I'm here for a different type of assistance." Brett frowned. This was the first time he'd visited the Bird and Bee, and he was still new to the area. No one here knew his name. That left only one possibility. "I'm not coming back," he said gruffly, before picking up his pint and downing it. He wiped his mouth with his sleeve and got up from his chair. "When I retired, I retired. Whatever it is they made you track me down for, tell them from me that they can shove it up their asses." The stranger pressed a gloved hand against Brett's shoulder, pushing him with ease back down onto the seat. Brett glanced at his shoulder where he had been touched; his coat was smouldering. "What the fu-" "General," said the woman, as she peeled back her hood. "I am not a military person. If only I were!" she lamented. "Then perhaps I wouldn't be in this mess. But I am just a refugee -- an escapee -- who is being hunted down. And if caught again, I doubt I will ever be freed." Brett had seen all the horrors of war, all the atrocities and mutilations, but the face that he now looked upon still managed to send a chill down his spine spilling goosebumps in its wake. "What the fuck happened to you?" he whispered, as he stared at the misshapen head, with only a few wisps of red-raw skin still pinned onto clumps of muscle and sinew. It was a face that had been tortured far past death. He noticed something else too: the woman looked like she'd once had horns near the top of her head, but they had been snapped off at the base. And her eyes... black and consuming and still, even in the midst of the horrors, somehow alluring. "What happened to me?" She laughed a melody broken, and a second shiver crawled down Brett's back. "The Cabal happened to me. And it will happen to more people -- to innocents -- if you do not help." He stared at her, losing himself for a moment in her eyes. "Who-- who are you?" "You know who I am," said the stranger. "You've looked upon my many faces a thousand times before, albeit in different forms. You've heard me whisper inside your head each night as you closed your eyes. You've felt me drum my fingers on your heart as I played you my song. You know exactly who I am, and that the time would come when you would meet me in person." Brett swallowed and shook his head. "You can't be. I must be..."--he glanced at his empty pint--"You must have slipped me something." "I need your help," the Devil repeated. "This is what they did to me," she said, gesturing to her face. "And I have already healed much since escaping. They are doing far worse to the billions of souls still trapped." "I-I... You're saying that this Cabal..." "I was their lord and lady, for a time. When they were sent to me, one by one, I made them powerful for reward of their wicked sins. For their atrocities. Do not dare look at me like that! Weren't you rewarded throughout your life for your wickedness, General? There is no innocence to be found here, nor anywhere else." Brett opened his mouth but said nothing. "They became demons," she continued, "demons above any other, besides myself. Powerful, beautiful and above all else, terrible. They are not as you would recognise them -- they are no longer what they were in life." She let out a long laboured breath. "I should have seen it coming. But I did not. Or if I did, I ignored the signs. They thought me weak, you understand. That I was too lenient. And in a way... they were right." Brett's head was spinning but he somehow managed to raise his hands in protest. "If this is true... why not ask *God* to help you? Why come to me?" "If they hadn't slaughtered Him already, perhaps I would do so. But all we have are a handful of saints, and a few of my most loyal demons. What they need -- what *we* need -- is a leader." "God is... dea--" "You have a decision to make, General. In two minutes time you will die of a heart-attack. You can already feel it closing its fist around your heart. You must make your decision before it is too late. To help me retake my throne, or to become another trapped, tormented soul, spending every moment of your pitiful existence grovelling to the Cabal for just a second of mercy." Brett could feel his heart hammering. He tried to breathe but his breath was ragged and slow. "I can grant you power, General, but you must grant me your loyalty and your eternal service. What is it to be?" 