
This is why I'm evil. I wasn't always this way. Humanity is just too stupid to go on. The planet is better off without us. I have my doubts the universe would ever see us beyond that. "We're closing in on you. You'll never complete your twisted experiment." The pixels mocked me in the anonymous message system. Idiots. I'm not running experiments. I'm building. It's what I do. I spent my whole life making new things and I reveled in the praise. Adam Savage finally posted one of my projects, saying how clever it was and how much he loved it! People thought I was clever! Then they started calling me names. Brilliant. Genius. Years of it desensitized me to it, and then I realized it irked me. I'm none of those things. I'm just your average engineer, putting my head down and making little robots or devices to accomplish tasks for me. Hyper dog? Here's a ball thrower. Can't get a good weather report? Make a weather station. No biggie! Then one day, I started working for a rocket company. Why did I start working for a rocket company? Why?? From then on, everyone introduced me as a 'rocket scientist'. I cringed each time and corrected them. 'rocket engineer' I would say again and again, but it never stuck. I tried joking, saying I was a 'rocket surgeon', but it was ceaseless. I'm no scientist! *There's a difference.* For years I put up with it, but no more. My humor darkened, but people still praised me. Now my humor had morphed my nickname from 'rocket scientist' to 'evil rocket scientist' to simply 'evil scientist'. I can't. I just can't. When's the last time you heard a scientist say "Hang on while I look at the schematic"? I mean really!? Engineer. E N G I N E E R. It won't matter soon though. Soon we'll clean the slate. It wasn't just this, but so many people doing so many stupid things. Tabula Rasa. My rocket was complete. Painstakingly built with *well understood* materials and technologies. I'd launch and it would show up on Russian radar. They'd counter and the dim plague on this world would be over. Plenty of time to start again. Maybe the dolphins will evolve opposable thumbs and inherit the Earth. It doesn't matter. The idiotic mass of humanity will be cleansed from the world. Good riddance. As I contemplated the switch to start the irrevocable horror; I paused. Is humanity really that bad? Am I just bitter? Just then a knock at the door snapped me out of it. One of my 'friends' had dropped by. I'd forgotten he was coming. Great. It'll give me moment to think about my plan. Should I do it? Will it work? We cracked a beer and sat down. "How's the evil scientist doing today?" I hit the button. 