
######[](#dropcap) Kyra's hand snapped back. She narrowed her eyes at Damien, her wingtips fluttering slightly as she set down the spoon. Damien smiled back blandly, his fangs glistening slightly as he adjusted the spoon slightly, his fingers just barely brushing against hers. The faint aroma on her skin called out to him, tempting him to simply grab her and bring his lips to the soft, porcelain flesh of her neck. There was always a cool, tingling sensation associated with drinking fairy blood, almost like mint. And the aftertaste was simply exquisite, lingering in the mouth for days. But Kyra had always been a wily one, and she wouldn't be easy to win over. "So what brings you around, Damien? You didn't give me much time to prepare." The reproach in her voice was obvious as she brought back another dish from the kitchen and set it down in front of him. Her own dish consisted merely of various fruits and herbs she'd foraged earlier. Her large eyes met his for a split second before she turned her gaze away. Damien wasn't surprised. She knew better than to meet a vampire's gaze for longer than a moment. It was how they hunted after all. "Oh, you know. Just haven't visited my good friend for a while, so I thought I'd drop by." He took in a deep breath. The dish on the table smelled...interesting. More interesting than even Kyra. "What's for dinner tonight?" "Well, I didn't have time to go out and find a boar, which I know is usually your favorite, so you'll just have to make do." Kyra shrugged and opened the lid. The aroma wafted out, along with the scene of an almost raw chunk of flesh, blood oozing out. Damien's fangs began to tingle. Whatever it was, it was fresh meat. He might've been here for Kyra, but he could certainly eat beforehand. Without hesitating, he grabbed a chunk and dug his fangs into the sinewy flesh. The taste was...strangely familiar. A wisp of a memory of something he'd tasted long ago. And it was delicious. When he'd satiated the initial cravings of hunger, he finally set the large piece of meat down, bringing the tablecloth his lips and wiping away the blood that covered his hands. "That was delicious, Kyra." Kyra nodded, slowly chewing away at her own veggies. "Thank you. I definitely wasn't expecting guests. I haven't had anyone over since Idris." "Well, it was quite good." Damien's lips began to tingle. Then his brows furrowed. "Wait, Idris? I haven't seen him since two weeks ago. He hasn't come back to the coven for our weekly meetings. When'd you have dinner with him?" Kyra blinked her large eyes several times, her head cocking slightly to the side. "Around two weeks ago?" The tingling sensation grew stronger. "That's so strange. I wonder if he decided to join another coven." Theirs wasn't a strict one. Vampires were free to come and go as they chose. It was better that way for them as well, having connections." Damien licked his lips. He was suddenly feeling quite parched. His gaze turned toward Kyra's neck. "What were we having, by the way?" His head began to pound. It was so strange. He'd never had hunger cravings right after eating. "Oh, you mean what you had. I filled up on him way earlier in the day, so I wasn't really hungry." Damien felt like his brain was working through a cloud of fog. He looked at Kyra, who was still sipping her tea. "Fairies don't eat meat." Then his blood ran cold. "What do you mean 'him'?" His breathing grew faster and faster, almost uncontrollably. Kyra smiled at him, a dimple showing up on her right cheek. "Oh, silly Damien. Fairies only *choose* not to eat meat. But I've renounced my vows ages ago. Why did you think I liked making friends with vampires? It certainly wasn't because I had an interest in being eaten." She threw back her head and laughed, a sound like tinkling bells. But Damien could only sense foreboding in the beautiful laugh. There was something wrong now. He was almost certain of it. But his muscles were tight, almost impossibly so. Try as he might, he suddenly found himself unable to move. Kyra sighed in contentment. "Didn't I say what we were having for dinner? Well, no matter." She walked up to him and tapped him on the nose with her index finger and giving him a broad smile. "You're so cute. I could eat you right up." *** r/AlannaWu 