
"Faster than light technology. Or, abbreviated, FTL. "I'd go over how we did it, the challenges, hardships, what we overcame to get here. But, quite frankly, I haven't got a damned clue. "I could tell you we cheated the universe, that we used a 'glitch in the system', that we somehow made a system where we didn't understand a single constituent part. But, quite frankly, I wouldn't know. The fact of the matter is that this system is proven to be mathematically perfect. It took an AI-designed algorithm to even attempt any kind of proof, but as far as we can tell, there's no reason for this *not* to work. "So, with that exciting monologue out of the way, I'd like to introduce you to our team members." A logo blurs through the screen, a tune plays. An old man is advertising his burrito sauce, but it somehow turns into a car commercial. The broadcast resumes, albeit with a much more invigorated speaker. "Hello hello! I'm Edward Ritch, and I'm the first crew member you'll meet on the *Light-Slayer*. I'm an aerospace engineer, here to ensure that nothing goes wrong during our one-point-three second trip to the moon. To my left, sandwiched there into her seat - dear me, that looks uncomfortable - is Kristie. Say hi, Kristie!" "Hello. I'm Kristie Nichelson. I'll be collecting data on the surface of the moon." "Verbose! I like it. And finally, Jorge." "It's pronounced Jorge, actually. And I'll be keeping an eye on the stopwatch to make sure we don't overshoot the moon." "Exciting stuff! Back to you, Rob." Another logo. Rob is in the washroom, or so guesses this audience, content to watch another perplexing advertisement while munching on popcorn. Five minutes pass, and the ship is ready to launch. Acceleration from 0 to *~c* should be instantaneous, so the countdown is long to compensate for the lack of dramatic tension an old-fashioned launch might bring. "T-minus-twenty seconds. Say it with me guys! Count down, right here, right now!" The camera is back to the inside of the cockpit. Modern technology makes this the first spaceship launch to be streamed live from the inside, in colour. It launches. Any dramatic tension is wasted on the approximate ten percent of the audience that finally got up to take a bathroom break. The clock had started counting up, but something is wrong. It's stopped at 0.6 seconds. Not even two hundred thousand kilometers yet, not even half way there. The cameras show the crew members to be as confused as their audience. A door opens. The astronauts are crammed in, but Jorge can twist his head, bringing a *GoAmateur* camera around to view the opening. There's a man there, holding a broom, seemingly standing on nothing - but as auto-focus initiates, a thin net-like substance can be made out below his feet. "Playtime's over, kids!" the man says, in a shaky voice. He's missing half his teeth, and maybe an eye, and is easily fifty years older than even the oldest member of the crew. "Back to Earth for ya!" "W-wh-*excuse me?*" says Jorge. A bit of incredulity slips into the words, but his manners don't slip. His mother, watching in Internet Explorer some two-hundred thousand kilometers away, smiles proudly. "You all heard me. You best be turning this here ship around and heading straight back to home! Now, away with ya!" For the last sentence, he leans straight into the cockpit, and a bit of spittle lands on Kristie's face. She blinks. "Now, listen here," says Edward, but he doesn't get much farther. "No, *you* listen *here*, kid. You know who I am?" "No?" "I'm Aui-X-Lavendar, Prince III. I'm old enough to be any of your great-great-grandfathers, and I've fought in more wars than you've ever heard of. And you *better believe* I'm fighting in a crazy one right now." "A war?" "A war the likes of which you kiddos will never have to see, with any luck." The man leans in even closer, and Jorge is sure he smells the faintest whiff of gunpowder. "I've just set up this here net so you don't accidentally wander yourselves into some Maldovian death rays or something like that. Wouldn't want any of y'all getting incinerated, would we?" A few faces have grown ashen. Edward is trying to convince himself that he's not nervous, but as a third bead of sweat rolls down his cheek, he realizes he believes every word. Another advertisement plays, and the audience - considerably larger, now that the entire 'science' part of the national broadcast is over - collectively groans. Somewhere, a mother yells, "Come home, son!" - and accidentally closes her viewing tab in Internet Explorer. A frantic Bing search ensues. Three team members, with less nerve than they had a few minutes ago, close their cockpit door and reverse thrust. A second later, millions applaud a successful re-entry. Somewhere between the Earth and its solitary moon, a woman walks up behind a man. "That wasn't very kind of you, dear." "I just wanted them damned kids off my lawn!" 