
"Ridiculous," he laughs. His heroic face is twisted into a grim parody of its former glory, anger and madness distorting his features. I sling another fireball at him, followed by a concussive blast of air - he extinguishes the projectile with a wall of water, turning it to steam, and waves the incoming wind away as easily as a fly. We're fighting on an open plain miles away from the last city, and there isn't too much to work with. "I'm the *AVATAR*," he shouts. "What do you think you can accomplish?" He slings a sharpened blade of earth at my neck, and I just barely duck in time - it grazes my skin, drawing blood. He keeps shooting. Blades of earth that could crush a man, gusts of wind that would steal my breath. Gouts of flame that'd roast me alive. "ALL I WANTED WAS TO BE A HERO," he shouts. "THEY TOOK THAT FROM ME." "And so you think you can become the man you were meant to fight?" I shout, pulling up a wall of earth just in time to save myself from a lightning bolt. "There's nothing left for me," he sobs. "They killed her. They killed all of them. All my friends. So I killed him." "Your job is done," I call out softly. "You ended his reign of terror. Please, don't make me do this. Please, don't start a new one." Another gout of flame's my only answer. "You lost people, and I'm sorry," I shout. "Nobody should have to go through that. But please don't take them away from everyone else. Tashi, from the bakery - she'll never walk again. Bumi, from the diner. He can't see or hear anymore. Chin's whole farm - he's lost his livelihood. Oma's horses." "I HAVE NOTHING," The Avatar shouts. "WHY SHOULD ANYONE ELSE?" "You took it all," I call. "Homes. Schools. And-" He charges me, pins me up against a wall, both hands on my throat. The world is starting to go black. I can't breathe. There's only one option left. I summon some of each element into being, holding it formed in layers, cupped in my hands. Primary stage. Secondary stage. Uranium-238 as a tamper. "And..." I gasp pitifully. "And..." "And what?" He loosens his grip slightly. "And my fucking cabbages," I say, and the makeshift fusion weapon in my hands detonates. --- *Want more? Subscribe to /r/OneMillionWords* 