
Nineteen... Such a messy number, uneven, a prime number. Nothing important or good comes in nineteens... No one cares about your nineteenth birthday... It's not a dozen, or even a baker's dozen; and just shy of a nice round twenty... I look around the courtroom, waiting to be called up to the witness stand. I'm his alibi, we were together on many of the nights those girls were killed. How ironic that I am his alibi, when we were together on those nights for very good reason... My name is called and I walk to the stand, and I sit down and swear my oaths and recite my name for the courtroom. What's my relationship to the defendant? I'm his roommate and best friend. Questions keep coming, pointless, long strings of questions that will soon be moot. The doors at the back of the courtroom open slowly and I look past the lawyer questioning me, feigning confusion at the man down the aisle with purpose. The man walks straight to the bailiff, looking extremely anxious, as he holds up a tablet, powers it on, and taps the screen. Suddenly, there's some muffled, scratchy white noise emitting from the tablet, as the man hands it to the bailiff. *"Hello, people of the court: judge, jury, lawyers, and you onlookers hoping for some sort of gratification..."* A scratchy, clearly altered voice on the tablet begins. *"Sorry to burst your little bubble, but I would strongly suggest you end this trial, because you've got an innocent man there... I know this because I'm looking at victim number 20 here..."* There's a sudden din of shock and panic and the bailiff recoils as an image comes on screen. The bailiff quickly moves to the judge, unsure of how to handle the situation, while the prosecution and defense hesitantly move to glimpse at the screen. I can see from here, the girl I had tied up last night, in a place far from where anyone would hear her, and of course, far from where my best friend was given he was in a jail cell. *"You'll find on this tablet, a great deal of information, all of which should prove I'm not just some copycat, and will help you find the body of this poor dead girl..."* There are muffled cries of 'No' and 'Please', and then screaming. So much sweet screaming I have remind myself to wince and look away as blood begins to run and the girl is quickly dragged kicking and screaming off camera. The judge orders the bailiff to quickly shut off the video and call for someone to take the tablet to a detective. The room is filled with sounds of grief, panic, fear, outrage, as the judge slams his gavel into the podium. *"Order in the court! I will have order!"* As the sound dies down the judge rubs his furrowed brow. *"Given that interruption and the new information in the case, we are going to adjourn this trial while this new evidence is investigated..."* The rest of the judge's words and orders just trail off into my blissful mind. Twenty is a much better number, twenty is a good number... It could still be better though... 