
"He's good," Clary chuckled. "Real good. You've done a good job with him. No, amazing, I dare to say." "I guess you'd could call him my most successful operation," I muttered, my words said with a mixture of pride and mild disgust. "He was always a damn precocious kid-- magic-prone and too curious for his own good. He's got his mother's witchcraft and my smarts." "Your smarts? You have smarts?" Clary scoffed, turning towards me. "Ha! From the beginning Lady Luck was always on your side, wherever you seemed to tread." I didn't object, even though I knew he was joking. I'd been lucky for a damn long time. Slipped away by the skin of my teeth on so many operations, not bothering to obtain the mental acuity needed to study magic. "He's going for the Head, which is a damn clusterfuck," I muttered. "I know you said 'don't beat yourself up over this' and all that, but if the protocol didn't activate after I went into hiding and the files weren't released to my sole heir, we wouldn't be in this situation." "As you know," explained Clary, "The Head of Merkabah is a prodigious sorcerer. All we know about him is that his magic is said to bend the limits of reality itself. Your boy-- he's a pyromancer, no?" "Prodigious, Clary. I remember the first time he conjured. The flames he gathered rivalled the brightness of sun itself," I reminisced. "Like pure starfire. I'm telling you, if he and the Head fight, it could be a clash of the ages." My son and I were, frankly, never all that close. After he finished school he went off on a series of pilgrimages to honor his mother. I buried myself in work, operations. I got updates on his situation, and never stopped being proud of him, but I didn't know what he was capable of. In a way, I was slightly frightened of him. He was like me, but imbued with the magic of my wife's age old clan of witches. Smart, yet fiercely passionate and wildly unpredictable. "I hear ya," Clary reassured. "We'll find him. Without hurting him, somehow. Last thing I want to do is lose the opportunity to catch the Head alive. Not to mention, we have no clue if the man can rip your kid apart like a chew toy." "I don't even know where he is. For all I know he could be in Venice killing gangbangers," I sighed, sinking into a nearby armchair. "He could be in Japan, he always had some strange fascination with ninjas. Or hell, he could have taken another pilgrimage to Siberia like he did a couple years ago." I clenched my forehead-- getting worked up wasn't my forte. But the thought of losing both my son and a twenty-year operation to a protocol malfunction ate away at my very soul. He was obsessive, intelligent, magically-spectacular. He was out there. "Well, here's something," Clary muttered, throwing the file he had in one hand onto the table. "Look, yesterday in Moscow. Three suspected Merkabah contractors were burned to a mangled crisp in a car fire. Could be coincidence." "It's not," I chuckled. "He's got a head start on us. But I know he isn't finished with Moscow. Let me go there, drop me in." "Argyll, you're dead. Remember that?" he replied quickly. "That's what started this whole mess. You can't just resurface and die again." "I have to be the one that brings him in," I responded. "Disguise me, whatever, but I have to do it. Don't make me call in my favor." Shaking his head, Clary strode over to the glass doors and pushed them open. "Alright. We'll send you in." ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/bluelizardK 