
######[](#dropcap) *It looks like a blob.* That was the first thought that came to Clark's mind when he saw the translucent, round creature. Yes, it had two eyes and a mouth, and he was pretty certain it had appendages as well, but they were so short and stubby compared to the roundness of its body that he wasn't quite sure how it got around before death. And it had tiny antennae on its head. "Can you hear me?" He waved his hand in front of it. It simply giggled, reminding him of a baby. He looked around. Was this thing even sentient? Did it even understand what he was saying? "Hey, you got a family?" He nearly bit his tongue. That question might have made sense if they were living, but after death...he shook his head. Whatever. It didn't seem like it could speak, and he had plenty of things to do. He still wanted to visit Andromeda, and there were those other clusters of asteroids... He looked back. The thing was following him, its small legs waddling desperately. He simply stared. Did it not know it could float? It didn't seem too...intelligent. He continued drifting toward HD 189733b. He wanted to see if it really rained glass sideways. He had been fascinated with the planet in his lifetime, and now he finally had the chance to see it. The thing continued following him, making blubbering sounds. At first, he tried to ignore it. But it's quite difficult to ignore a sound when it's the only noise around for miles around. He wasn't quite sure how ghosts made noise in space (after all, nothing else could), but that didn't stop the dang thing from making crying and wailing sounds. Finally, he whipped around. "Can you stop?!" he yelled. The alien quieted down and stared at him. For a moment, he had the strangest thought that it reminded him of his two year old daughter. The daughter he had left behind when he had died to an explosion in the Chemistry lab. He shook his head. It didn't matter now. He continued drifting. After a moment, he turned around. The blob still stood there, looking at him. He struggled with himself for a moment before heading back towards it. "Hey," he finally said softly. He placed a translucent hand on its head. "I'm really kind of a loner, but I guess company's not bad. You can come with me if you promise to be quiet." It started blubbering quickly, then shut its mouth and nodded furiously. Clark smiled. It really did remind him of his daughter, strangely enough. "Come on then." Together, they drifted toward the outer rim of the galaxy. ***** r/AlannaWu 