
For years, alternate Dimensions were something very few were privy to, and even fewer had the displeasure to enter. More often than not they were hellish desert worlds, devoid of life, filled with only harsh winds and endless sand. After the initial excitement of walking through a giant portal to another world had worn off, the DARPA techs that were sent to these realms began to develop a proclivity for complaint. It had become increasingly clear to the Generals in charge that despite the appeal of alternate dimensions on paper, they seemed to have no practical benefit. This all changed when the portal to Guzzleworld was cracked open on June 4th, 2023. Nine unarmed DARPA techs entered into the lush jungle realm for the first time, and as the portal closed behind them, their cynicism toward their mission left with it. Enormous trees with purple bark towered over the techs, and their branches shook with unseen life hidden in the leaves. Above, a flock of flying creatures too far away to be identified contrasted against the neon green sky. Living species! The techs were breathless. Some were astounded by the groundbreaking scientific discovery, while others were simply relieved to know their doctorates hadn't gone to waste after all. Everything was immediately documented with photo and video; samples of the flora were put in sealed plastic bags for later evaluation. Soon there was a small pile of bags-full of bioluminescent flowers, purple bark, and grass as sharp as the finest steel. The giddy techs agreed they had to go deeper into this new world. But this decision was to their detriment. First, they were slashed and bleeding from the never-ending blades of grass. And then a swarm of tiny, winged, bipeds started to naw and scratch at their exo-suits, crawled into the suit openings and attempted to burrow into their skin. Their removal was slow and painful. By this time, the techs were more than ready to return home. They began their slow march back to the portal site, bleeding and scared. This world, despite its Technicolor charm, was new and terrifying, and the Boston natives, so used to their apartments and their air conditioning and their unlimited data plans, were woefully unprepared for its cruel nature. They dreamed of dinner as they made their way back home. Despite the fact there didn't even appear to be a sun in the sky, it had started to get dark. The neon green sky of day was replaced with a forest green sky of night, and with the change of scenery there came a sudden litany of sound. The forest erupted with hollers and roars from all manner of creatures hidden in the shadows, and the terrified techs quaked in their government issue boots as the darkness itself seemed to close in on them. Their worst fears turned very real when a disturbingly long, hairy arm dropped down from the canopy, grabbed a tech by her head, crushed it like a grape, and then pulled her corpse back up into the trees. The screams of men and women alike echoed in the jungle as more arms began to pull people away; techs scattered like rats in every direction, desperate to escape, but within minutes the forest was silent. Only one tech remained, he stumbled his way into a clearing, fight or flight had completely taken over his body. He continued to walk aimlessly, still in shock from the deaths of his coworkers and friends, when he tripped and fell into a creek of black liquid. The stench was enough to get him to regain focus, the fumes burned his eyes and the smell gave him a pounding headache. He crawled back onto the shore, heaving and gagging, but the smell was familiar and almost comforting in this alien world. It was a smell he would know anywhere. It was oil! Two long, fear-filled days later, the shell-shocked tech was rescued by a search party, and reported back to his superiors. He told them about a dangerous world with flora and fauna human beings weren't even prepared for, but his warning fell on deaf ears. The only part that seemed to catch their attention was when the tech, still shaking and dehydrated, told them that he couldn't find any water in that dimension, there were only rivers, lakes, and oceans of oil. At the end of his report, the Generals shook the man's hand, called him a brave American and a hero, and left the room. One of the Generals had to actively try to keep a smile off his face as he closed the door. Suddenly, one of the humanity's most valuable, sought after resources was as abundant as water, and America had both the lock and the key. "Which one of us tells the President, and which one of us readies the garrison?" "Do you think he'll approve an invasion of an alien land?" "Of course he will, DARPA owns the portal technology. It's not an invasion if it's on American soil." 