
I'm an executioner, for lack of a better word. To most people, it brings up thoughts of the guillotine or a hangman's noose. Maybe your mind wanders more to decapitations or electric chairs or firing squads. That type of thing. That's what I would do for you, as an average citizen. A bullet to an artery is a cheap solution. The wrong combination of fatal injections like they used to do back in the twenty-first century is another decent option. You'll last a few minutes, maybe. It'll get you a pretty average spot in the afterlife. People of all ages and shapes and sizes come to me. Some of them pay out the ass for my services, it's crazy. A three-hundred pound dude who can't be more than a few months away from a fatal heart attack as he chows down on a two-pound burger paying me a few thousand dollars to shoot him in an artery so he can go while he snacks? I mean, sure, I'll do it... Business is business and you don't say no to good business. The rich have it right, I'll tell you that much. They pay me to kill them in ways so excruciatingly slowly that sometimes I almost forget to do as I've been asked. Bacon gives you cancer? There is one elderly lady who had me wallpaper her house in bacon and cook it for her every morning as she smiles and breathes in those supposedly toxic fumes, just to maximize her chance of cancer. Bananas and radiation? You've heard of bubble baths - how about banana baths? I had never seen so many bananas in my life. Everybody is in such a hurry it seems like, trying to make themselves die as slowly as possible so that they can enter the afterlife in an elevated status, that none of them really start to think. You see, sometimes it's not about what you do to ensure your demise. It's about what you do to ward it off and prolong the inevitable. I don't believe in reincarnation or any of that, but when this thought occurred to me, I swear it must have been some long-dead guru whispering in my ear. Forget the nooses. Forget the guns. Forget the poison or the electric chair or getting run over by a truck so that you slowly die from internal bleeding. It's all unnecessary. Really, the only reason I keep doing it is because I love helping out. It's all about self-acceptance, and I accepted my fate long ago. In a way, it's an industry secret. If I were to tell people the truth, I'd be broke. I wouldn't be able to afford this extravagant lifestyle and this fantastic healthcare. Most jobs cut benefits so long ago that I'm one of a rare handful actively seeking to prolong my life. All part of my realization. It's not about what you do to end your life. It's about what you do to have it not end. We're never actually any more alive than the moment we're born. From that minute on, we are all slowly dying. So my approach is to prolong my life as long as humanly possible. I'll be dying for as long as possible and enter the afterlife in unprecedented status. And you know what they say about longevity? Happy people live longer. A glass of red wine with dinner helps. Eat the placenta. Shit like that. So here I am. Drinking a glass of red wine over dinner as some rich lady bleeds to death in front of me. I do what I can to help. It's what makes me happy. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 