
"Looking for someone special?" she asked, smiling, her eyes black and piercing even in the foggy night. "What do you mean?" I finish my cigarette, and check my watch. My Tinder date has almost definitely stood me up. "I know that look in your eyes." "Really? Then tell me what it is," I say, nervous, the way I always am around beautiful women. This one, in particular, has me more on edge than normal. She leans in, and whispers into my ear. "You're like me. You're looking for someone good enough. But they never are, and you're hungry." "And you?" I ask. "Are you hungry?" "Ravenous," she says, and I follow this new woman into the club with only a nod to the tall, pale bouncer. - "Bite me," she says, an hour into dancing. I am exhausted, but something about the club keeps me moving. All around are beautiful, dark haired people, much like her. "I want you to taste me." "Isn't that for the bedroom?" I ask. "I don't know. Is it?" "Who are these people here?" "They're like us," she says. "Then let's go," I say, partially out of fear, partially out of drunkenness off the unnaturally strong bloody mary I had. "I want it to be just the two of us." "I'm hungry," she says. "Can we get something to eat first?" "I'm okay," I say. "But I'll go with you." "No, you can wait outside. I'll find someone in here," she says. - That night, she does bite me, much harder than I expected. "You taste...so sweet," she says. "Almost human." "Wait...what did you say?" "You taste like them...or maybe I'm just hungry still. Now taste me." Suddenly, her neck looks appetizing, whereas a minute ago the thought of a cut on her neck would have made me queasy. "What's happening to me?" I ask. She rubs her hand on my neck, where she cut me. "Don't worry. It won't hurt me. I want you to taste me." "Taste you?" "It's the highest form of love between vampires. The humans, they can never do that." I look down at my hands, and I can almost see the blood draining from them even as the shock raises my heartbeat. - I began to go with her, on nights she needs to feed. Sometimes, we can't break into the hospital to retrieve the donations, so we feed off each other. Those nights, the blood tastes...dated, like eating leftovers from a week ago. But it's enough. Many times, she urges me to just find someone on the street. A panhandler no one will care about. But I tell her I can't do that. "How can you live like this, denying what you are? They are our prey." "It's not right," I say. "If I can have a say in it, I won't do it." "Then I will too," she says, a flash of hunger in her eyes as she looks at the wino passed out across from her apartment. - Eventually, I can't take it. This life...drinking what one should never drink, staring in the mirror and seeing a pale, wax statue, hiding away from the sun, it's too much. I get up when she is sleeping, and walk to her balcony. We have moved too fast. All of this, has been too fast. I sit down, and light up a joint. At least vampires can still smoke weed. I stare out at the city, still the same as ever. The lights and the moon calm me down a little bit, but mostly I empty my mind. I want to be numb to it all. Numb rather than horribly, unavoidably hungry, like I've been. Eventually, she joins me. "What's wrong?" she asks. I look at her, and I see the concern, the love in her eyes. Even as scared as I am of her, this comforts me enough to speak. "I was human when you met me. You made me into this...and I don't know if I want it." She is silent for a long moment. "Me too. Someone made me into this...but everyone else I know, everyone in that club, they don't understand." "Understand what?" "The night I met you...I was drawn to you because I saw the hunger in your eyes. But not the hunger I'm used to. I saw a hunger...to not have to be who you are anymore." She sits down, but I don't look at her. Numb. I have to stay numb. "There is a way," she says, "to go back to what we were." "Don't lie," I say. "I can't take a lie." "But they will hate us," she continues. "And they will hunt us." I am silent. "Look at me," she says, and eventually I can't resist. Her eyes...they are still human. In that moment, I am as sure of that as I have ever been sure. "How?" I ask. "Anything. I'll do it." - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 