
"oh crap this is totally crazy" I thought to myself. This is crazy.. all of his inheritance?? He looked totally serious. His bright blue eyes staring intently at me. "Are you up for the challenge ?" "I hope so." Mind you, this billionaire wasn't just any other billionaire. He was Alexander Zargov. THE billionaire. He is the 6th richest person in the world and by far the most enigmatic person on Earth. The dude once bought his kid the entire MacDonald franchise because his kid liked big Macs. He also purchases the entire rights to the iPhone line just to discontinue it because people kept telling him how good iPhones were. This guy, in short, is crazy. And thats what is so scary about this. Everyone is going to believe him. The one hour grace period reminded me of John Wick, except that I spent most of it planning on what to do. My house wasn't going to be safe anymore definitely. Who do I trust to guard me? These guys could easily kill me and take my coin anyway. I can't just hide the coin. People would probably capture me and interrogate me to death. This sounded like an impossible task for a 21 year old. There was no way I would survive. It's just impossible. But then.. I didn't need to survive. I could simply pass the coin on to the next person... Right? I didn't need that much money anyway. So I thought of a genius solution. "Alexander Zargov's coin" : starting bid $1,000,000 I listed it on eBay. After all, why kill if you could just buy it? *2nd ever writing! Super lots of things to improve but hopefully you kinda enjoyed it! ** Wow Reddit gold! I've only been lurking on Reddit and this is amazing. Thanks so much! Really gives me more motivation to write more and improve my writing! Thanks guys!! *** Totally did not expect the replies (both support and people calling this a completely stupid idea). Super thankful for people that loved it but also kinda shocked at how negatively people can respond to a simple story (I find it kinda crazy). To address some concerns.. I don't think it's the be all and end all solution. I thought it would be a rather witty twist to a problem I can't even think of solving. I think some people here are way too negative in thinking people would kill millions, because as well all know millionaires around the world are getting murdered everywhere for their money :x With regards to why it's cheaper to just buy - I was thinking millionaires would definitely be willing to pay millions for billions. It's probably the best investment ever. If they have the millions to pay, they would have the millions to safeguard it too. Given that I stay in a very safe country (think safest country in the world) a black market gun might already cost hundreds of thousands, not to mention the hired gun etc. Third, maybe I should have thought out how the transaction is going to take place better. Lastly, take a chill pill! If the story goes into too much details, some people might not be happy that it's boring. On the other hand, if it's too short it's lazy story telling. It doesn't hurt to keep hurtful or angry comments to yourself! I really really appreciate all the suggestions. I'm by no means a good writer. I was super afraid of people not liking this because my style of writing goes all over the place and I'm incredibly messy in my thought process (also why I kept it short). However, maybe ask yourself if a comment like "this is stupid" is going to help me improve or is it just being critical for criticisms sake. Peace! 