
I figured it out when I was about 8. My mom had been on some health food kick, constantly feeding me kale. Passionfruit. Acai. Superfoods or something. I don't know, I was 8 years old. What I DID know was that every time I ate a full serving of said food a number up in the right hand corner of my Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith collectable watch would increase. If I ate junk food or simply didn't eat, it would go down. Curious. I also discovered that if I rode my bike every day, or read books, or learned a new skill the number would go up, sometimes drastically. Learning to start fires put me above 2000. Learning to swim; 3000. So I was 8 years old, obsessed with Star Wars, and just finishing up an Avocado Toast and Pomegranate yoghurt lunch one summer afternoon. I had a neighborhood friend, Cam, over to play. "You wanna do Star Wars or World War 3?" Cam asked. "Star Wars!" Obvious choice. At least today. I had my watch on! I glanced at my wrist as I picked up my telescoping green lightsaber. 25,000 read the number in the corner. The plastic "Blade" had hundreds of white scores in it from where it had been struck by the red lightsaber of a similar design. Opting not to mar the toy further I instead held it outstretched in a blocking motion and quickly thrust my open palm towards Cam, exclaiming "FORCE PUSH!" loudly. There was a whooshing sound around my ears. Cam flew six or seven feet up through the air like a tow cable attached to an aircraft had been attached to his belt and he landed about 30 feet away on his back. "Cam!" I shouted, sprinting towards him in a mad dash to assist my friend. How did he do that? How did he just throw himself back so far and so fast? That was the most realistic Force push he'd ever faked! He was winded but otherwise unharmed, having learned to take a fall long ago in our various tussles. We both opened our mouths to speak and the same thing came out: "HOW DID YOU DO THAT?" Cam stared at me, wide eyed. "I didn't do anything! One minute I was standing there and the next I was over here! Your Force Push! It was real! You have to teach me how!" He was exuberant- but also looked a little scared of me. But I didn't know how to do it. I'd just... Done it. All I knew is that the counter read 26,500. New skill. -------- By the time I was 17 my perspective on the issue had grown quite dramatically, as had the numbers on my watch- a heavy duty military grade piece I'd picked up as a freshman. Every watch I'd ever owned had displayed the numbers, but this was the first one that flashed EXP right next to them in real time. 2,345,102 EXP. Every task successfully completed, every new learning, every girl I asked out, every time I successfully drove somewhere without dying, the numbers grew. And so did my power. I could use telekinesis. I could build and customize cars in seconds just by reading a parts list and thinking about it hard enough. I could take damage, INSANE damage, and heal back in ten or fifteen seconds max. If I sustained a life threatening injury all it took to bring me back was a defibrilator or epinephrine injection; sometimes even just helping me back up was enough. I shot myself in the head for fun once and it didn't even break my skin, I just saw red and hit the dirt. Heart pounding in my ears, edges of my vision red and ebbing with my pulse, until an EMT read the dog tag around my neck that read "In case of emergency administer Epinephrine first and exclusively." Hell of a medic alert tag. One Epi-Pen later I was back on my feet and thanking the man for his time. He stared, slack jawed and dumb as I walked away. This system wasn't without drawbacks. There were fences I couldn't climb for some reason. Doors that would never open. Boxes that wouldn't open no matter how I pulled or pried. I hit a sapling pine tree with my car at about 150 MPH and for some reason the car wrapped around this 3 foot tall tree like it was made of tungsten. Apparently there were some... Collision issues. I was ejected from the vehicle, but sustained little damage. Just a minor inconvenience really. I felt like God. I was customizing a new vehicle in my garage after the pine tree incident when I noticed a stray bolt over in the corner across from me. Curious. Normally I simply looked at the car and focused on swapping out the colors and parts and they just... were there. I'd never seen any hardware moving around. Yet there it was. I walked around the car, a gleaming pearl MKIV Supra, reached to pick up the bolt, and immediately lost my balance. My hands reached out to steady myself against the wall, but they contacted nothing and before I knew it I was falling. Fast. I looked up. Skeletons of homes, streets, buildings- I could see none of the surfaces, just edges and objects inside. They were getting further away, very, very quickly. Collision issues. 