
"For a SINGLE month? Are you serious?" "What's the catch?" I continued. There obviously is a catch and it must be horrible if they are so desperate for people. The man in the suit answered, with a serious face. I could feel his stare through his black mirror sunglasses. "You can only blink once per minute while you guard something. You will have exactly 7 hours to sleep and 3 20 minute breaks, all other time you must look at the thing without blinking" "Without blinking? You got yourself a worker" I replied, this is going to be much easier than 25 years in prison. "Great, good to hear that. Just sign on this paper and we'll be on our merry way" he said, he sounded especially sarcastic when he said 'merry'. I signed on the NDA and got out of my cell. Seeing the sunlight ,not between 3 to 4 pm ,sure felt nice. I entered a no-plate black van, the windows were shut and inside were 3 more prisoners from my block and another agent at the wheel. I looked around the van while sitting on the hard wooden bench, and I noticed that the patch on the agents shirt said "Secure. Protect.Contain" "What is your agency? I never heard of that logo" I curiously asked. But all I got back was silence. After a drive that felt like hours, we finally reached pur destination. We got out of the van and we saw an almost empty indoor parking lot. Just a few more vans in a long row of parking lots. The agents waved their hands, gesturing we go in through the red striped door. The letters "WA" were above it. We entered the gray room, lighted by white neon lights and inside were 3 more people who stared endlessly at a statue. The statue was of an angel holding his face and he was inside a clear glass cell. The people inside cheered for our arrival, yet they did so whilst intensely looking at the statue. The 2 agents told us to each take a side of the square and look at the statue. I noticed a blinking light, a single red bulb which hanged above the statue. The agent which I met in my cell told the others to leave, they left through the door into the parking lot. I heard an engine turning on and driving away. "You must look at the statue, if you will not look at it you will die, if you blink at a wrong time you will die, if you move and you blink you will die. We will be back in a month. Good luck" The 4 of us stared at the statue, wondering wether or not it is real, why would we need to look at it? Perhaps this is a social experiment? Maybe a test to see how far people will go to not stay in an isolated block? After a few minutes, I decided that the agents must lie, the statue is a statue and it cannot be dangerous. I closed my eyes, to test wether or not they are telling the truth. That was a mistake. I felt a claw holding my neck, its fangs ripping into my veins. A cold hearted growl, and a unison shout with 3 voices. A single crack of bones. .............................................. I didn't write for quite some time so feedback will be helpful. Also the usual "English is not my first language" Hope you enjoyed the read 