
//Part 2 has just been added, it is a comment to this post. I couldn't add it to this post because of word count restrictions. Sorry ya'll. //UPDATE - Part 3 has been added. A reply to my part 2. Will try to link in a bit //FINAL UPDATE - I have officially made a subreddit, where I will post a finished story, along with additional completed works inspired by writing prompts! Feel free to subscribe to watch me try to actually get my shit together and finish the damn story. r/storiesfromapotato All criticism is welcome! Please let me know what works and what needs to be improved! Part 1 : We call it the hazard rate. There are still merit based salaries, as it's unlikely to get gutted while working audit as an accountant, but for the more desperate people around the world, there are specialty positions. Always with hazard rates. Always flirting with lethal implications. And, quite obviously, not usually legal. Last job I took offered nearly twenty thousand an hour. Easy work, mostly. Just required patience and a good eye. Spot the snitch, point out the undercover cops, place a backpack behind their car and walk away within thirty seconds. Cops walk like they own the sidewalk, taking up far too much space. A snitch always checks his corners and looks over his shoulder. Wasn't too hard. Then wham, bam and kablooie. Ooey gooey cops and informants splattered all over the pavement. You'd need a God Damn spatula to clean that shit up. I spent my cab ride home counting cash while the sirens whizzed by me to the scene of the crime. So imagine my surprise when the cold tip of a suppressor presses against my temple, with two unnecessarily massive men flanking my bedside. No words, no reason, and most assuredly uninvited. Part of me wanted to guess cops, maybe I'm somebody's loose end, but a man in this line of work knows there's nothing to gain by whining and begging. Just ask for a cigarette and a shot before they wipe you out. They don't say anything. Instead some creepy mother fucker at the very end of my bed, dressed in a tan suit like some kind of asshole leers forward, tall as an oak and thin as a rail. "Mr. Blackwood," he whispers. Barely audible. "You're needed elsewhere." So a black sack gets thrust over my head with a small flap to breathe through, and I know not to ask any questions. In this line of work you sit still and keep quiet until told otherwise. Inquisitive fucks end up dissolving in tubs of acid, and I don't think my health insurance covers that kind of shit. A long van ride, bumpy as shit, smelling of formaldehyde and rotting meat, and very poorly ventilated. After what I guess is an hour or two I'm shoved into a building, down some stairs, and into a room by the muzzle of a rifle. Lovely. Off comes the sack. Blinding light, and I find myself in a room smaller than a prison cell, totally devoid of any color besides the bleak gray of concrete. A single light dangles from the ceiling, sometimes flickering. Very cliche. The man in the suit, who doesn't and hopefully won't tell me his name, simply hands me a small yellowed piece of paper and walks out. It reads pretty plainly. "Sit in this room until released. Ask no questions, make no sound. For every hour of service, expect $100,000 direct deposited into a Swiss account, to be accessed after services rendered. Coordinates to be given afterward." Whatever they're about to do, I don't want any part of it. No one pays that high, and even this is an unusually low amount of information. I pass the time the same as I did in my stints in prison, sleeping and daydreaming. I never got solitary, but I'd heard of it fucking you up mentally. Sometimes the wall would talk to you, and your only human interaction came when that cardboard tasting meal would get shoved into the slot. Hours, hours, hours. Time is becoming difficult to discern. Grumble, rumble, aching. Holy shit I'm hungry. With no warning, the door swings open. Creaking metal and another over-sized goon, and oh boy here comes another piece of paper. "Congratulations, Mr. Blackwood. The real task begins. Outside is a duffel bag, a single Glock G26 9x19mm pistol, along with three magazines of ammunition, and twenty five thousand dollars cash. You must survive for twenty four hours. Restriction: You cannot leave city limits. Cell phone must remain on. Authorities cannot be contacted. Failure to comply will result in execution." Flip over the card. Shit, shit, shit, shit. I've heard of these gigs but always assumed they used immigrants or some shit. Man hunting costs a pretty penny and no one is going to miss some illegal smuggled in a fucking barrel. On the other side is the banking password, account number and a phone number. "This account becomes active after forty eight hours. In addition to your previous earnings, you will earn another $100,000 per hour you survive. Should you not survive, all money will be sent to your primary beneficiary." Leslie. Hoo-boy is she going to be confused. I think I told her I worked in finance or some shit. She worries too much, and this kind of job would break her little heart. No more questions, only instinct. Rush up the stairs, past the goons and slam open into the outside world. Sunrise. Chilly air. Breathe in, breathe out. No time to waste, no time to think, no time to panic. Only instinct. Run. 