
The Universal Council was in chaos. For a relatively short amount of time, the encounters with the Sol-res, known to themselves as Humans, have dominated the headlines. These beings which existed in the absolute fringe of the galaxy known as M-801 had become a thorn in the Council's side over several cycles. While not the biggest or strongest species, they made up for it with their brutality, tenacity, hearty build and sheer numbers. Ships lost in that particular part of the galaxy have reported as many as several thousand on a single ship. *Several thousand.* There are top-tier Universal Council warships that barely have a hundred soldiers, of any species. They are also known in studies to be ridiculously immune to most biological threats. Their species not only consumes Dihydrogen Monoxide, they need it to live. They come from an atmosphere composed mainly of Nitrogen and Oxygen, a atmosphere known for slowly poisoning those not acclimated to it, at a rate so miniscule at first one would not know their own fate until the effects became clear. They can survive impalement, dismemberment, and even the failing of certain vital organs. When injured, they can become even more violent, downing  opponents for up to an hour prior to immobilization and/or death. However despite all this; they are rare. No one on the Council had actually see one of these beings in person. All information about them relayed from ships that are now classified as "lost en route". Rumors exist that humans are sought after by some distant species for a variety of reasons. Thus abductions, smuggling, and piracy are rumored to run with reckless abandon in the sector of M-801. M-801 is since derided by many by the adoption of a nickname the dirtlings had given it some time ago, "Milky Way". "Which brings me to my point..." Lady Mer'zazzi announced to the chamber as she glanced around for confirmation amongst the ranks. "We have learned from intel provided by our explorers that the Humans are not just a pirate species. Council; they have been revealed to have a home planet located just off of a star in "Milky Way" known as Sol. They have no centralized government, no galactic treaty, no Council approved ship documentation, and a astounding 7000+ languages. We've only had time to translate the most widely spoken... And from the audio logs of The Xvarri Coled, lost half a cycle ago, we have translated this..." The clip played as they all watched on the display. The shot leveled out to reveal several humans of different colors glaring at the oculus. "To whomever is watching these. Hello. We're going to let you in on a little secret; Humanity doesn't take kindly to your exploitation of our flightspace. We also don't appreciate the abductions of many of our loved ones, nor the wanton murders of civilians committed by ships with these emblems." The crowd angrily protested as they saw the Universal Council logo revealed on the screen. The shot then snapped back to the group of Humans. "We want you to understand we don't appreciate your hostility towards us, or our homes. We wish to meet on peaceful terms with your leaders. But if war is what you seek..." Mer'zazzi herself felt ill at what she knew was next. The human yanked up something into view, and the crowd collectively reeled in horror. In his hand he held the severed head of a Xvarri, one of the most feared beings in space. Many in the room froze in fear and trauma at the sight, and several even left the chamber. "War is what you'll get. We have a saying where I'm from; don't start none and there won't be none. I hope we've made ourselves clear. Tread with caution." The feed cut off finally as the room sat in utter silence. "...Readings have measured the population of the "Humans"." Mer'zazzi began numbly, "To be in the billions, Council." She listened as the room began to panic again. "The Council," Leader Dre-Hi announced suddenly, "requests a mission to be fulfilled Lady Mer'zazzi." "Yes my liege?" Mer'zazzi bowed. "Prepare a expedition to M-801." Dre-Hi commanded, "We shall see what these dirtlings have in store for us." --- TL;DR, We gangsta space barbarians ya'll. r/Jamaican_Dynamite 