
"Okay! Oh man." Lead Engineer Dawson brought his fingers to his pinched mouth, tapping. He looked at the man running visuals. "First, stop calling me 'Sir'. I'm just Dawson, newbie." "Got it, sir! Uhh, Dawson," Newbie tech Ingraham replied. "And 'B'--" "You mean second." Tech Ingraham interrupted his boss. "What?" Dawson scrunched up his face at Ingraham. "Nevermind," Ingraham said, peering up, centering the displays on the incoming craft. "What are we going to do about that thing?" Dawson started to pace in the sterile, shiny control room. Eyes flipping from one set of wide-screen monitors to the next, standard issue tech boots *plonking* on the metal catwalk with each step. "We don't know for sure that they've spotted us." He stopped, staring at the vehicle rolling down the path: metal arms jutting with numerous probes--maybe weapons? "It's not heading straight for the main hatch." "Maybe the power spike didn't glitch the projection after all." Ingraham looked down at his own bank of monitors at his station, double checking readouts. "Do you want me to contact--" The white, suspensor lights flickered. The air purifying vents whirred down for a second. Then power was restored. "Ah crap! What are they *doing* in Energy Control?" Dawson held his hands up to his short shaved head. He looked back up at the monitors, eyes widening. The alien craft stopped, turned on it's treads, and headed directly for the entrance to the underground city. "Crap! What if that thing's loaded with explosives? Have there been any more landings?" Ingraham stood up, chair lurching into the grey control station behind his own, looking from the monitors to his station to Dawson. "I don't know? How do I run a scan?" The vehicle rolled forward, running into the hatch. Dawson held his breath. Back on Earth, the scientist set down her mug of tea and pointed at the screen displaying a craggy, orange landscape. "I'm *telling* you, that rock shimmered! It disappeared." "Display glitch?" Another man said, leaning forward, watching his own display and pushing his glasses up. She shook her head. "No, I know what it looks like when the feed gets interference. I'm sending it a new course heading." She bent over a keyboard, typing the craft new coordinates. It finally turned, rolling toward a red boulder set on an incline. A third observer in the room crossed his arms over his button-up shirt, obscuring the JPL logo patch. "I don't know Mel, I think--" The view wobbled as the craft jolted to a sudden stop. The scene of dusty orange flickered, revealing a weather beaten, steel wall, horizontal slit running through the middle. The wall disappeared, screens returning to rocky soil and the boulder. The man dropped his arms, mouth hanging. "Holy shit! Did you see that?" Mel asked, standing straight. "Run that back! Get everybody in here! Perseverance found something." 