
In life, Orglord, had flayed his enemies open and put them on display throughout the villages he had pillaged. Men, women, children. None were given mercy. Barbarians warlords didn't discriminate. However, in Suburbs and SUVs, he was Orie, the thirty-year old sales representative currently late for work for the third time this week. "I attempt to switch lanes," Orglord said, a quiet tremble to his voice. Unlike his barbarian brethren, his rage was not preceded by rampant roars, but by these soft tremors. Arana, the high priestess of the dark elves and one of the few who dared openly talk against Orglord raised her brow. "You know what happened last time you try to change lanes." But she was handedly ignored. An entire crowd sat around them, staring. Elven magic projected this game throughout the entirety of Almiera. Millions of lives were at stake here. A bad month of B2C sales numbers has been known to result in the pillaging of entire regions by Orglord. "Blasted Subaru Impreza, if I had a mightier car, none would dare stuck me in traffic!" He grabbed a die and tossed them onto the table. They clacked against the redwood. Everyone held their breaths. At last, they stopped. A 17. "Yes!" Orglord shot out of his chair, his fists shaking above his head. "I will have gut all those who stand between me and my employee of the month nomination!" The game master, a necromancer hidden by his own conjured shadows, coughed. "Is that your move?" "No, no." The barbarian warlord lowered himself back into his chair. "I switch lanes to the right." "You signal the switch and merge lanes," the necromancer said. Orglord clasped his hands upon his mouth. "You successfully merge lanes." The barbarian and those spectating from his region let out a relieved breath, but the necromancer held up his hand. It was like a spell of silencing. The crowd, the players, the world stopped and stared at that hand. "But, due to a traffic accident on the right shoulder of the highway that you are only seeing now, you must now merge back. Only a roll of 18 or higher can get you back into the correct lane without further delay." Orglord went silent. Those watching from his region began packing their things. The rest of the day fared no better for Orie, the thirty-year-old toilet salesman in Suburbs and SUVs. His boss did not promote him, in fact, he got reprimanded for being late again. Employee of the month went to that bitch Carol who always talked about him behind his back at the water coolers. To top it all off, his wife called, saying that they needed to talk of something important. On his way back from work, Orglord made no rolls. He did not merge lanes. He did not honk his horn. He sat in idle traffic for fifteen minutes and though the necromancer pressed him for actions, he simply waited through it. At last, he arrived home. "You step up to the door and open it," the necromancer said. "The first thing you see are your wife's suitcase, already packed. She approaches you." Orglord's jaw clenched and he stared at his hands. "Tell her," he said, "that I understand. I couldn't graduate college, I couldn't give her any of the things I've promised her, hell, I couldn't even make employee of the month. I promised her the world and this is all I amounted to. Tell her that I'm a failure and that this will be last night playing this god damn game!" The necromancer let the barbarian's words echo through the room. All around the world, armies mobilized and castles fortified themselves. "Your wife brings out another set of suitcases. They are yours." Orglord's eyes snapped up, wide. "She tells you that it is your birthday, remember? She says that she never expected you to give her the world, but she never wanted the world anyways. She says that she knows how hard you work and how much you care, even if you refuse to say. She tells you that she loves you and that she'd never leave someone as good as you. That's why she wants to leave together, on a surprise vacation." "Blasted!" Orglord slammed his fist into the table and turned away from the game master. "Blasted... blasted hell!" he screamed and brought his palms to his eyes. The players nodded with him. Even the spectators, who a second ago had prepared to move their armies against him, teared up. "Orglord, I mean Orie," the necromancer said. "What is your response?" Nothing. He kept his back turned as his shoulder shuddered. "Orglord?" "I will wear your entrails around my neck!" he roared back. "Do not bother me. Not now. Not yet. This is..." he chocked on the rest of the words and a wail burst through his lips. "This is... this... This is real," he finally finished. The necromancer nodded back and stayed silent. For centuries Suburbs and SUVs have kept the world safe and today was no exception. With the greatest of magics available, the most powerful of spells and weaponry at their command, the mightiest of the villains all fell to this simple game. Perhaps it was in how mundane it was, perhaps it was in how powerless it forced them to be, or perhaps that this pretend world had somehow become more real than their reality itself. Whatever the case, the armies around the world put down their swords and shields and sat back down in their chairs to finish watching tonight's game of Suburbs and SUVs. --- --- /r/jraywang for 200+ stories. 