
"You all look a bit sour, what's wrong?" God said, framing his chin within the half-square of his thumb and index finger. "I already know the answer to that question, and also how this conversation ends, but why don't you humor me? "Well, first of all," Michael said, "do you even know what atheism means? You're supposed to be this all-knowing entity, and for some reason, it seems like you haven't understood the meaning of the word." "This." John pointed at Michael, backing him up. "Being an atheist doesn't mean that we assert that there is no god. We simply believe that there isn't enough evidence to support the belief in god." "Let me interject here," Lucas said. "What John says is correct except the last part, which needs rephrasing. What he should've said is 'belief in any gods.' I mean, let's be honest here, everyone's an atheist in regards to some religion. For example, most people don't believe in Thor or Zeus. So, technically, even the most devout Christians are also atheists." "This," Marcus said and stepped out of his corner. "You should've been more specific. Now you're kind of forced to invite everyone up here anyway, which in turn won't punish the believers as you had intended." "Yeah, and do you really want those Odin worshippers in here? I mean, they're not really atheists, but they don't believe in you or your religion." Jacob rose out of his seat and strutted confidently across the room as he spoke. "No, I don't really want those guys up here," God said. "What about the Hindus, for example? They're atheists in regards to Christianity." "They go to Hell," God rumbled. "So then believers in all shapes and forms need to go there," Paul said. "You can't discriminate." "Of course, this poses another issue," Andrew said. "What about those people who believe in things without any evidence, and I'm not talking about religion now. For example, the conspiracy theorists, the flat-earthers, the UFO-nuts? They're believers in their own right." "They go to Hell," God said. "So now that we've established that believers go to Hell. Where do you draw the line between belief and knowledge?" Peter said. "Nothing can be known with perfect certainty. The more evidence there is of something, the more likely it is to be true. But there's always a chance that something isn't as it seems." "Except if you're me," God said. "Right! So, I've been thinking," Judas said. "We can't know anything with perfect certainty, so we put faith in what seems most likely, given the evidence. Now that we're here, and have met you; that points towards you being real. Doesn't that mean we're theists then?" "Correct," God said and pulled the lever by his throne, which opened the trapdoor in the floor. *** More stories: r/Lilwa_Dexel 