
College had been a simpler time. We were all just kids back then, meeting Friday nights with a couple bucks for Pizza and our cheap print out copies of the various handbooks, bound in plastic ringbinders. Things had been nice then... I wish they could have stayed like that. You know those memes, where it shows people when they were famous, and then now, and asks if you feel old yet? I feel like my life has been like that but in reverse. Well not my life, more the life of everyone around me. We all used to be nobodies, now everyone is something so much more... everyone but me... Boy do I feel old now... I'm the exact same thing I was twenty years ago... The GM. As peoples loves change, often college friends separate, go their own ways, forge their own lives. The fact that we still meet every Friday to roll some dice and eat cheap pizza is some kind of miracle. I looked around the table, the people surrounding me were wearing $100,000 suits, and diamonds the size of golf balls. I was wearing a stained polo, but more importantly, the cloak of the supreme master. The cloak was doing pretty good seeing as it had seen constant use for almost two decades. I cracked my knuckles, and in my best eldritch voice, called out, "Brothers, Sisters, shall we... commence." The words hung in the air as if they echoed, though in my crappy apartment, they faded without a hint if reverb. The atmosphere shattered as Jim, OPEC's new chairman, and controller of the Half-Elf Ranger Eldwin spoke up, "Umm guys, I forgot my character sheet." The communal sigh demonstrated what we were all thinking. Over the last twenty years Jim had lost over a hundred character sheets. By now we had gotten used to it and kept an almost up to date version ready to print. I stood up and yawned, looking at my old laptop, "I'll print a new one. The rest of you get your sheets ready." I waved my hand non-comittally as I wandered over and began the printing process. After a couple minutes, I sat down, attempted to crack my knuckles, which anticlimactically refused to crack, and giving up on that, asked again, "Shall we commence?" And we did. Don't get me wrong. I'm really happy that I still get to see my friends. I know loads of people would live to still be connected with their college buddies... Just usually when people are poor college students, talking about how much better their lives will be in the future, they're exaggerating. Being the only one still in the same place sucks. But atleast we had the game. Around this table was the CEO of Amazon, the Chairman of OPEC, the president's of Russia and the United states, and the prime minister of the EU. But in this place, here and now, I was the master of it all. It was halfway though when it happened. The expensive black watches on their wrists all buzzed. They stopped glanced down at their wrists, and then looked up. They all stood and began to walk to the door. Jim hesitated for a moment, glancing at me looking almost pitying before following the rest. I felt angry, i know it was unreasonable, these people were important, far more important than me... but in twenty years we had never quit a session. Now all of them were leaving, without as much as an apology or an excuse. I followed them to the door, my growing anger striving to burst out in a stream of profanities, but I calmed it and asked incredulously, "What the hell guys... What's going on..." They turned to me, standing together in the hallway outside my apartment door and spoke together, "I'm sorry... the great plan is finally coming to fruition.: 