
"good morning, miss Anderson! What wonderful day this is huh? Just like yesterday and the day before!" "why yes you're right mister Emmett today is a wonderful day just like yesterday and the day before!" I grinned, I always had a crush on miss Anderson, the fact that I was talking to her so freely felt like a dream come true, there was no one who could get in my way, no one who could interrupt us, not her fucking husband nor other people. It felt dirty It felt unreal. "Emmet, sweetie? Are you alright?" *oh right, she always called me that... I didn't like it, it made me feel like she wasn't seeing me as a man but rather just a child* "Emmet, are you alright?" I corrected her, yes that's better, that's what she should call me, just Emmett is fine. "I always liked you miss Anderson" I said, my hands sweating. "...I like you too... Emmet..." I said mimicking her voice. Her body remained unmoving, frozen. A feet in front of the other but never taking a step forward. I'd like to believe she was looking at me but I knew she was looking at nothing in particular. "...I'm scared miss Anderson" I said " I'm so scared" "please help me, tell me what should I do" "tell me how... To get out of here..." *** *it's just a matter of time* I went out to my usual walks across the town, searching for something, something that could help me break out of this prison, but just like always, I find nothing. The snow falls from the sky but never reaches the ground. "ah today is a wonderful day" I said "just like yesterday... and the day before..." I kept walking. A year had passed since I stopped time and I still couldn't find the threat to my life, no matter how much I walked, no matter how much I looked around. Nothing changed, nothing ever changed. I walked down a street whose name I could no longer remember, but my body always took me there, to the street where miss Anderson is. Talking to her was the only joy a had left "hello miss Anderson, today is a wonderful day right? Just like yesterday, just like the day before..." She didn't say anything. "this is stupid" I said "...you're stupid" I said to myself. *what?* "for how long did you think you could avoid death?" I snapped "every single time, every single *time* you stopped and changed the way things should have been, did you really think things would remain like that forever? silly you, silly Emmet it was only matter of time before something went wrong, before *someone* changed their approach" "well then Emmett," I said my voice becoming a whimper "if you wanted eternity, then eternity is what you shall receive" I laughed out loud, mi voice resonating across the silent streets and alleyways, it was a cry that slowly descended into endless sobbing. But no matter how loud I cried no one listened. *** *** I wrote this on my phone.. Hopefully it came out understandable! 