
The crunch of my boots on the snow was the sole sound present as I jogged up the hill towards Heathbarrow's only church. Each tree and stone was cloaked in white, almost as if Mother Nature herself had donned a bridal veil in celebration of my lover's marriage to another woman. The splendor made me sick. By the time I reached the oaken steps, my pants were soaked at the heels. Jeans, leather boots, and a flannel were hardly formal attire - but I was in a hurry. The love of my life would not get married today. Not to someone else. Not on my watch. Steeling my nerves, I exhaled a cloud of steam and threw open the double doors. "I OBJECT!" The words practically filled up the little church, imbued with more strength and resolve than I even knew I could muster. I almost felt proud...until I realized the extent of my failure. This was not Kim's wedding. "Ah." I choked. In that moment, words failed me. My love's wedding was tomorrow. I had just interrupted a funeral. The eyes of every dreary mourner turned on me - I had made a terrible, terrible mistake. Past the congregation of grieving loved ones stood an ornate casket on a pedestal adorned with fresh lilies, and beyond that a large portrait of the deceased. My heart dropped. It was a boy no older than twenty, bright-eyed and smiling. Too damn young. The attending priest cast me a pointed glare. I could practically see the ire in his eyes as he squared his shoulders to me. "WHAT is the MEANING of this?" "I...uh..." The expressions of those I had barged in on ranged from forlorn to confused to abjectly enraged. I stepped backwards, caught my heel on a ripple in the aisle's rug, and fell on my ass. Not a single soul laughed. The silence of death, stifling and cold, hung heavy in the air. "Unless you have reason to be here," sighed the priest, "I strongly suggest that you leave." As I opened my mouth to reply, a dull thud reverberated throughout the room. It came again...and again. The noise's origin was all too obvious - each thump shook the petals of the lilies atop the casket. In that instant, the room froze over. My heart skipped a beat as the pedestal tipped and the coffin crashed heavily to the floor. The silence was broken. Half the church screamed, and I nearly followed suit; the lid was ajar and the faint scent of death had begun to creep into the air. Slowly, clumsily, four pale fingers emerged from inside the box to curl around its lid. They found a solid grip, pried the casket open, and cast off the cover. Fearful shrieks filled the room as the dead boy sat up. I expected a monster. A demon. But the thing before me? I had no idea what to make of it. The skin was greyish with deathly pallor, its lifelessness poorly masked by the makeup work of a lazy mortician. That lanky frame looked so small under its immaculate black suit, those eyes so dull...the shivering figure before me was a mere ghost of the young man in the portrait, but he was no longer truly dead. From my position on the floor, I watched as the newly-revived looked around in terrified bewilderment and exited the coffin on his hands and knees. His fingers flew to his mouth, pulling out stitches from his jaws before he vomited on the rug. An odor like formaldehyde overtook the room. I sat there, pinned to the floor by disbelief like a frog tacked to a tray for dissection. The priest had fled. The funeral-goers who hadn't escaped into the snow sat like statues, staring either at me or this husk of a person they loved. From across the aisle, the young man looked up at me. His chest rose and fell - I could swear I saw his eyes clear and the color gradually return to his skin. Sitting back on his knees, he maintained his gaze. When he spoke, his voice was rough, raspy and broken under the weight of complete and utter shock. "Who...are you?" I sat there, staring into his teary eyes, an unholy chill running through my veins. Looking down at my hands and back up at him, I came to an unsettling realization. *"I don't know."* 