
Can you imagine being a human, who is very different from others? Can you imagine being only one who has so many flaws, and who keeps doing the same mistake over and over again? When others already walked, I was still crawling, desperately trying to stand up, to catch up. When they went to school, I was still being kept in kindergarten. Everyone said that it was too early for me. When they studied the most difficult of the topics, I was the one who was still struggling with the simplest of the maths. And when I finally finished school, as the worst graduate of the past few centuries, they all were up out there, doing something important. &nbsp; When I'm so different from others, it almost makes it feel like I'm the stupid one. That I'm someone who doesn't belong there. &nbsp; I feel like I'm the alien. &nbsp; But even so, I struggled. I walked to that stage to get my diploma, even when they all grinned. I stayed awake all those nights, learned that stupid simple math. I worked extra hard on the weekends when they all relaxed. I learned ABC's and how to read when they played outside. I crawled extra hard when they ran. All of that just so that I could also stand and run with them. And when they didn't even exist yet, I was there... waiting for my time, frozen. &nbsp; Humanity can be modified to perfection, but all of that change comes with a cost. They stopped trying hard, after all, it was normal to know. They stopped trying to be special since they all were the same. They stopped appreciating each other because they can do it all themselves. And soon, they stopped having feelings and emotions, because these things were unnecessary. &nbsp; It feels weird to say it, but I'm special. And I brought something unique to the society. Something that long time ago was the normality. &nbsp; *I made them feel again.* &nbsp; My parents were mad at me for not walking as soon as the others. Teachers were mad at me for not being as smart as the others. Classmates laughed at me for always being the one who was left behind. And my school remembers me for being one of the special students. &nbsp; *All of them* will remember me. They will never forget me. All of them are jealous of me in one way or another. All of them wanted to be me: special. But the society and the modifications made them think they are not. And as I walked into the adulthood, I wanted to convey a message to every single one of them: *They* are special. Each and everyone one of them. They dream to be one; they want to be one. They are one. &nbsp; And that includes *you*. You're also special one! --- You can find my other writings in my sub :)! /r/ElvenWrites 