
My mother taught me at a young age that I would develop a special ability, and that I couldn't tell anybody. It ran in our family's blood. My Mother could conjure fire with the flick of her wrist, my sister could turn invisible, my brother could fly, and I.. I could refill drinks It's funny, actually. See, my power developed sooner then either of my siblings. My Mother taught me that refilling drinks was only a fraction of my power, and that soon, I should be able to do more with it. Then my brother started flying, and my sister started turning invisible. They didn't even try, their powers fully developed completely on their own. No matter how much training my mother and I did, I couldn't do anything, except refill drinks. Over the years, I've gotten overshadowed by my siblings. I mean, sure, I was handy to have around sometimes. There was always free refills, and we rarely had to splurge on Milk or Pop Drinks, or any liquid really. But that's all I was, the guy who gave instant free refills. Honestly, I'd rather not be able to have any power. At least, then I wouldn't be used an appliance. To be fair, neither would be a good option. It's either I would be a mistake, or a failure. Honestly, I'd rather just be a mistake. While my siblings go off to save the world or whatever, I clean up an office building. Whoopee.. It's not so bad, the people are nice, at least. On each floor, they have a small kitchen area. I go to each floor every couple hours and clean the dirty dishes. I do other stuff too, I sweep, I mop, I use my power to see what people last drank when nobody's looking.. What? Being a Janitor is boring. I do what I can for entertainment. Besides, sometimes when cleaning dishes, my power just activates naturally. Like that one time, where I accidently refilled an entire cup with blood. Okay well, not the entire cup. Enough at least that you couldn't see the bottom of the cup. It seemed that it had been washed hastily after being filled with blood. I can tell, because the longer it's been since the cup has been filled with the original liquid, the longer it takes for me to refill it. I looked around for a minute. Why had there been a glass filled with blood? That's when I noticed it. I had been too caught up in my job to notice the specks of blood across the counter and floor. You could tell that it had been hastily cleaned, as the specks of blood weren't entirely gone, just faded. That must've been why it took me so long to notice it. I kneel down to examine the blood, until I notice that the cup from before somehow drained itself of the blood. That never happened before. Before I could get a closer look, I heard the screams. Instinctively, I backed into a corner. A figure wearing a black mask dragged a woman out of an office by her hair. He grabbed her head, and smashed it against the wall. Blood going everywhere, including into the glass. I heard the figure curse. Apparently, it didn't seem that getting blood everywhere was his intent. He took the glass and quickly rinsed it out, but before he could wash the blood off the wall and floor... He spotted me. Hiding in the corner for dear life, confused as I ever could be. The figure rushed over to me. All I could do was throw my hands up in defense. The man stopped. He walked backwards, the blood vanished, he grabbed the dead women, who was somehow no longer dead, and he retreated back into the office he came from. Somehow, I turned back time, I knew it had to be me. Then it clicked. What if, I could always turn back time? Maybe all this time, my abilities could only affect a limited area. And that's how I refilled all of those cups, by turning back time before they were drained. And somehow, when I turned back time, it only affected the cups, and never anything outside of it. If I could control this, I could do something much more powerful then fly, or turn invisible. Somehow, I had turned back the time of the whole room, I could tell that time went back to normal once the figure came out of the office again. I rushed at him with a mop, but that might've not been the best strategy. He dropped the woman and grabbed my throat, holding my neck until my vision started to turn black. I held my hand up in the air with all of the strength I could muster, and turned back time. He let go of me, grabbed the woman and walked backwards back into the room. I wasn't sure how far I could turn back time, or how much I could do it before I became exhausted, so I had to work fast. I hid behind the door as he charged through, not noticing me. Before he smashed the poor woman's head against the wall, I grabbed him in a headlock and threw him to the ground. I held him down for a good twenty minutes before the police showed up. When they asked what happened, I just said that I happened to be in the right place at the right time. Mom is going to be so proud. 