
"Oh for fucks sakes Azarath!! Don't you know that humans have to *sleep*!?" I scream as I'm forced to fall. This goofy looking motherfucker, with cherry red skin and rams horns as black as pitch, was my stupid goddamn cousin. Auntie May was big into witchcraft and Satanism, and boned the Lord of hell himself in order to spawn the antichrist. Sadly, that antichrist turned out to be the figurative 'black sheep' of the family. Azarath often ran away from hell to my mom's little suburb in the middle of buttfuck Connecticut to hide from his parents, since mom was always putting up wards against her sister and brother-in-law. Azarath was effectively invisible when he was in our house. Oh so rarely though, he'd see it fit to kidnap me instead of doing something sensible, like texting, calling, or even sending a goddamn raven. "Here." Azarath said, finally setting me down in front of a table and taking a seat himself. Across from him and I was some other demon, whose horns were more like a gazelles and whose skin was some motly green, freckles with specs of black and white war paint. "Now, how do you spell Cloud Strifes love interest in Final Fantasy 7?" My shoulders slouch, and I sigh. "T. I. F. A." Both demons groan and throw their heads back. "You picked the dumbest human on earth to settle This!!" The other one shouted. "My cousin is not stupid, youre the dumbass for thinking it's Aerith!! John, you know the one we mean! Just give us the answer." "Its localized you dumbass. In the West she's Aeris, in Japan she's Aerith. It's like aski g the difference between puckman and pakman! Jesus Christ you-" both demons yelped, jumping back at the mention of 'his' name, their skin visibly burning. "Ah shit, sorry man. I keep forgetting." "Yeah yeah, whatever Scott Pilgrim." The green demon huffed, dusting the burnt flecks from his shoulder. "So? What do *you* consider to be her real name?" "Aerith. It's what she's called by in everything else, even in other games released in the West. Aeris has appeared only once." "Hah!" The green demon declared, pointing a claw at my cousin. "Fuuuuuck!!" Azarath roared into the void of hell. "Gah...shit, whatever." "I want compensation for this Azzie." I said, kicking his cloven hooves. "I have a test tomorrow, get me an A+." "Fiiine. Take my side next time and I'll get that guy you like to fall in love with you." He offered, lifting his hand to send me back. "You don't touch Greg. I want him to come crawling to me all on his own." I say firmly, just as the ground opens beneath my feet. Half a second later, I fall through the ceiling and land in my bed. My door is knocked and mom walks in. "Azzy again?" She asks. "Yeah. Just resolving a stupid bet." I grumble. "Well, it's almost dawn anyway. How about we go for some pancakes at denny's before we head out for our earthly duties?" "Sounds Awesome, mom. I'll be there in a few." I yawn, stretching my arms above my head. Pancakes sounded awesome... Just as I'm about to leave my room, donned in my stuffy Catholic school uniform, I sigh and announce into my empty room. "Do...you guys wanna go have breakfast?" I ask. From under the bed leap two very gawky guys, with limbs too tall and gangly, with zits in similar placement to their war paint dots, and wearing video game merch from the 90's. "Awesome~! Denny's!! The taller of the pair squeaked, his voice goose honking awkwardly. "Good Morning Auntie!" "Hello Azzy. Are You joining us today?" Mom asked, as sweet as sugar as she reached up to pat his head, the demon accepting her affection like a puppy. "Yes, please. This is my friend Bael." He introduced his equally greasy friend with a gusto. "Its nice to meet you, miss." Bael said politely. "I've heard a lot about you from Azarath." "Good things I hope." Mom laughs slightly. "Shockingly good things. I half expected you to be a saint. Saint of cookies." "Azzy, you did share! Good for you." Goddamnit...at this rate I'm never getting my Denny's, am I? Edit: dellamacdonaldwriting.wordpress.com/2018/03/11/antichris/ Wrote more about the nerdy antichrist, now named AntiChris. Check out my other stuff if you want. 