
"What do you make of this?" I paced around the office, in thought and partial confusion. A business card lay on the desk of my superior, Mathias Geller, wrapped in thick plastic. It was no ordinary business card, no. No name, just a phone number. It was found in a tomb. A recently unearthed tomb in Al-Gari, Egypt. I didn't know what to think of it. Practical joke? "I don't know, Jan. Practical joke?" I walk over to the leather chair opposite Geller's desk and take a seat. I grab the plastic, and look at the card once again. (368)-475-8424 Just a number. "Mr. Geller, this tomb was unearthed. It had been completely obscured by a secondary antechamber nearby. When we dug into another location nearby we found this second tomb, complete with that full sarcophagus and Egyptian death pottery. Geller mulls it over for a second, and beckons for me to put the wrapped card back on his desk. "Jan, listen. I think I might have to have the society take a look at the validity of this dig. This could very well be a hoax of some sort. The antechamber may have been staged, allowing a sarcophagus to be moved into this secondary chamber. An elaborate hoax, though for what purpose I don't know." Fine, fine. I get it. "I'm fine with that, Mr. Geller. I honestly just want to get to the bottom of this. Have you tried calling the number on the card?" Geller cleared his throat. "No, I have not. That is partially why I called you in here. Would you like to do the honors?" He hands me what is presumably a burner cell. It's exactly like Geller to be overly cautious of most things. I take the crimson colored cellphone from Geller's outstretched hand, and flip it open. Alright. (368)-475-8424. Here goes. The cell rings, for a good five seconds, before I hear a click. "You have reached the Machination Foundation." "Hello?" "Did you know the Max Headroom Broadcast Interruption was a message for Lizards across Chicago?" What? "Um, no, I did not. Who is speaking?" "You dug deeper, clever girl. Let me play a torture game with you." I felt a chill run down my spine. This was a different voice. I don't know if it was the harsh vocoder that unnerved me, or the content of his message. Probably both. I held up a finger to address the inquisitory Geller, and I addressed him again. "What are you talking about? Who is speaking, I would like a name." "Clever girl, let's torture the old generation. Dr. Jan Hargrave, you will receive an email, sweetheart." Another chill ran down my spine, and I pulled the cellphone away from my ear and shut it fast. I tossed it in the desk. "I thought you said this was a burner!" "It is, Jan, what's wrong? Calm down, dear girl, please." "They knew my name. They knew who I was." EDIT: You will find the eventual sequel on my new subreddit, r/bluelizardK. EDIT 2: Part 2 is up! EDIT 3: So my story kinda got eclipsed by the one at the top. Oh well :( I don't think anyone is going to read this anymore, so thank you all for reading. I try not to get too disheartened, but it's a little difficult sometimes :( 