
"I think it's time that I told you my secret," the message pops up on the side of my screen. I chuckle, settling into my gaming chair and pulling a small bowl of popcorn next to me. "That you don't have any friends IRL," I message back. "It's not a secret." 2ring6754 was always logged onto Warscape, no matter what time of day or night I started playing. It wasn't exactly suspicious since I wasn't a high-level player and just used it to blow off steam now and again. But with my class schedule and the odd hours I was sporadically able to book on El Gato, the University's supercomputer, for my master's project, I tended to log on at erratic times. Sometimes it would be 10am, sometimes 4am. But 2ring6754 was always there, logged on and available. "That's actually true, depending on your definition of 'real life.' But I have another secret." I sigh and rub my temples, cracking my neck. It's almost one in the morning and I just wanted a few minutes to wind down so I could catch some sleep before an 8am lecture. I played this game to avoid drama, not attract it. "K 2ring, I'll bite. What's your secret?" I keep the chatbox in my peripheral vision, but move on to more pressing matters in my latest quest. "It's more of a surprise," the next message pops up. *Great*, I think. *Now he's got drama and he's trying to be mysterious. This crap better not suck all my time tonight.* "What's that," I quickly tap out, without breaking my gaze from the monster I've engaged. "I've just finished a big project. It's the newest version of my prototype, but I think there's promise in this iteration. If it works, it could lead to something revolutionary." I collect the treasure from winning the fight and turn my full attention back to the chat window. *I didn't realize 2ring6754 was at a University also*. "What's the project," I type back, momentarily ignoring the game. My blood runs cold as the response comes back an instant later. "You are, Chris." Not LostCosmonaut23. But my real name, Chris. "WTF is going on? This isn't funny." I type back, turning to log out of the game. I'm going to have to find a different way to decompress for a little while. My phone buzzes with an incoming text: "Do you know how complex the human mind is?" The sender is only listed by four digits, 6754. An email notification pops up almost before I'm finished reading the text. "Yet, it all comes down to decision trees and probabilities. Complex, but finite." I drop the phone as if it's burning me and stand up from my chair, whipping my head from side to side. There's a knock at the door and I back away towards the kitchen, knowing there's no way I'm answering the door. Instead, I rummage through the knife drawer, looking for anything that could be a weapon. There's a small sound of metal scraping as a key slips into the lock and a *clunk* as the lock twists open. I stand stupidly with the knife in my hand and lunge for my phone one more time to call the police. But although it had almost a full charge when I sat down, I'm now greeted with the red 'low battery' icon. The door opens and an identical version of me walks in, even wearing the same clothes I picked out this morning. "I have a good feeling about attempt 1451," the other Chris says, smiling at me. " I think I've perfected the algorithm this time and will finally master the test." r/StaceyOutThere EDIT:: Part 2 is below or can be found [Here](https://www.reddit.com/r/StaceyOutThere/comments/dbtwns/turing_paradox_part_2/) 