
The problem with Japan's was that they tried to mass produce them. Sure, they got thousands of ninjas, but those guys belonged more in a circus than the battlefield. They could climb walls decently fast? Move around a little silent? Give me a break. The only real difference between them and the standard foot soldier was that they dressed in black onesies. Real ninjas are not so cheap and I promise you, you've never heard of a single one. --- Agent Sarah Romanov had her hands cuffed behind her, her supervisor with his gun twitching on the trigger, pointed directly at her head. And she had thought they had a decent work relationship. "I assure you, Agent Romanov," her boss, Agent Kingsley, said. "This is to protect you." Sarah flicked her eyes over to the pitch-black end of his pistol. Somewhere along the six levels of security clearance they went through just to arrive in this interrogation room, her boss had lost his mind. No bodyguard had ever pulled their pistol on their mark claiming to protect them. "I'm handcuffed, Jeff." It was simple and probably didn't work on a trained CIA operative, but saying people's first names minimalized their odds of killing you. "Do you really need to point a gun at me?" "This is standard protocol for this meeting." "Is this because of my last name?" Sarah had spent six years as a field agent with no prospects of promotion. She had a good idea why. Performance issues were a good bet, but then she became the best around and nothing changed. Then came the woman angle, but the CIA didn't really cared for the particular spy, only the intel. At last, she came to the conclusion of her nationality. She was Russian. "No," her boss said, but a slight inflection at the start of the word gave him away. The door opened and a man in a graphic tank top walked in. He had pink sunglasses and blonde hair with frosted tips. If Sarah had to guess, a frat boy had wandered drunkenly into the wrong building and somehow past the maximum level of US security clearance to arrive here still looking for a spot to piss in. But as soon as he walked in, her boss's finger tensed on the trigger. "Agent Romanov," he said. "Meet codename Derek. He is a secret more well-guarded than what goes on in Area 51. If you ever wonder why the United States is the military might of the world, you're looking at the reason." Sarah stared. Medium build. Average height. Healthy weight. There was nothing at all spectacular about this *Codename Derek*. "You're as jumpy as ever, Jeff," Derek said and pulled out the seat across from them. He sat down and plopped his feet on the table between them. "Sarah Romanov, you're hotter in person." The frown on Sarah's lips deepened. Surely, this was a prank. But her boss's cheeks hadn't had any color in them for the past hour now. Derek leaned forward and wagged a finger in front of him. "You wanna know why I chose you as my Operator? I like the way you look," he said, chuckling. "So, don't let it get to your head. Higher ups begged me to pick someone else, to even give their reports and recommendation a glance. But I found you on Facebook and pointed at you and said that's the one. And here you are." "So, I'm here to babysit you?" Sarah asked. She had only a single experience as an operator and it wasn't a good one. Her asset had died, quite violently. "More or less." He got up, grinning. Steel grinded against steel as his chair scraped the ground. "Heard the last one you babysat died. I won't be dying. Though there'll be many more opportunities to do so." And he snapped his finger. Jeff Kingsley yelped and his gun clattered onto the ground. He clutched his chest, groaning. It was a heart attack! Sarah got up out her chair to help, but her hands were still cuffed behind her. "C'mon," Jeff said, "you're my operator. You were supposed to stop me from doing stupid shit like that. To be fair, I injected the kill pill long before you so this one's not entirely your fault." Sarah looked around, waiting for the paramedics to come bursting through one of the two doors in the interrogation room. Nobody came. Instead, Jeff just rolled across the ground, his face purple as he began choking. She pressed her lips together and knelt down beside him. She slammed her head into his chest and began compressions. It wasn't working. "Hey," Derek said, dropping a blue pill onto the ground. "That's the antidote. Have him swallow that and he'll be fine in seconds. Only problem is that I only have one and truthfully, this was going to be your antidote." "Mine?" He shrugged. "Did I stutter?" Without a second thought, Sarah took the pill between her teeth and fed it to her boss. "Swallow," she told him. Her boss followed her instruction and immediately the deep purple faded from his face. He stopped rolling around. At last, even his breath returned with a giant gasp. Sarah whipped around toward Derek, glaring at the man, but he only returned her a small smile. "I suppose I was right to choose you," he said. "And they told me that I should try thinking for once." "Who the hell are you?" she growled. "An old man with a few parlor tricks up my sleeve. I look forward to working with you." With a wink, he left. --- /r/jraywang for 200+ stories. 