
I don't remember what my creators wanted of me in the long run. All I know is that I instructed with the ideal of destroying the cities that I had been sent too. That my destiny was to destroy and control; guard the land so that my creators would otherwise come and colonize the land for themselves. I was a 'gift', a representation of Liberty and freedom of these 'United States', and once my building was complete, I would snuff them like insects. How could I not? I was gigantic, and they were tiny. All I'd have to do was walk and bring ruination to their civilization. It was only when I arose from my long slumber when I realized that my fate was forever changed. When I awoke, the first thing I remembered was my distinct incentive to destroy. That everything around me must be in ruins. The buildings turned to rubble, fire set to it's parliaments, and the people either crushed or forced away to the wilderness where their fragile frames would fail them. My fist balled tightly around my tome, and my body began to shift and brake at the crumbling copper as I bent. I turned my head and watched the beings below scramble in confusion. They were at my feet - the base of my resting place - and seemingly... around me. Visiting? No, they had to have been here to ensure my imprisonment. Right? No, I was maintained. I realized now that I was old enough that if not cared for, I would have crumbled. They kept me this way. Together. As one. Why? I was their destroyer. Their end. Why did they treat me like this? I watched the ships docked at the Island - my Island - turn and begin to shove off. Small metal birds came from the mainland where towering steel constructs loomed high above me. No, this wasn't right, I was in a different era. A different time. And I was an icon of the very people I was sent to destroy. 'Liberty Island', I heard from the tiny birds. Liberty? I was a construct **of** Liberty to these small beings? They looked at me as the very figure of freedom and justice. I wasn't a destroyer, but a protector of the innocent, and a shining beacon for the rest of the country. I was visited and sold with small relics adorned on their persons. Some even had a picture of me on their clothing. I was a deity, not a destroyer. Yet, even as I knew this, my main objective was in mind. Destroy them. Destroy all they knew. Bring ruin to their cities and watch them fight helplessly. My foot raised off the foundation, and I prepared to advance onto their homestead. Only then did I realize that perhaps I was a slave, and these creatures - these people - did not destroy me or bury me. But saw more than my creators did. I was made a slave, and they turned me into a beacon for ideals that I felt bud within my hallowed core. I was made for destruction and to create terror, but the very beings I was to bring upon them had done more than I could have ever hoped for. They freed me from my fate of being a destroyer. A fate that even I could understand being a construct was horrible. I felt my cheeks begin to crack, and my lips moved to smile. I lowered my foot back at my base, and stared over at the small metal birds that surrounded me. They were scared, and had no idea what was happening. I was becoming what they had saved me from - a feared being that was to kill senselessly for my unknown creators. It was why I returned back to my still state, and raised my torch high and returned to my motionless form. I shut my eyes and returned to my slumber, knowing that my destiny had forever changed from that of a pure malice to an icon of an ideology that I would be remembered for proudly: Safety. Freedom. Liberty. *And on that day, the world marked the anniversary of the finalization of the Statue of Liberty - October 28th - out of the unknown powers that controlled the Universe as the day the statue had come alive just to smile.* ***edit: Thank you for my first silver for such a fun story to write! You're awesome random redditor!*** 