
It was my 18th birthday. The beach party my friends were so kind to have organized was dying down. The sun was setting, and the moon was high overhead. Small groups of people splashed about in the water, sat on beach towels talking, creating a warm hubbub around me. A small driftwood fire was being constructed nearby. I stood at the water's edge, sipping a cola, pondering my life, when a volleyball beaned me in the back of the head, spilling my drink. I stumbled forward, catching myself just before I faceplanted into the drink. Turning around, Jon, my best friend, snorted as he approached. "You dickhead," I mumbled, as he handed me another drink. He reached his hand out, and the errant volleyball flew back into his hand. Being a few months older than me, he knew where he wanted to be the moment he got his hands on the ball. He was always the better athlete. "Tried summoning anything yet?" He asked, clapping me on the back in apology. "Nah. I don't really want to know. I feel like it might limit my options," I said, taking a sip. "What is this stuff?" He shrugged. "Janine made it. She's been trying to make wine ever since she caught that vintner's hydrometer." My eyebrows raised. "Anybody who brews anything uses hydrometers." He laughed. "She'll find her spot eventually. Maybe after giving several people alcohol poisoning, but she will. People always do." He gave me a look and put a hand on my shoulder. "You need to get started. So try to summon something!" I looked behind me, at my friends and family, who had finished with their business and had turned to see what Jon was on about. They met my gaze. Mom gave an encouraging gesture. I shrugged, closed my eyes, put my right arm up, and willed for something to land in it. For a moment, nothing happened. There was a pregnant pause, as everybody looked confused, then the ground itself rumbled. The waves, until then gently lapping at my feet, grew restless, more violent, as if the sea itself began to stir. I heard gasps behind me and Jon's grip on my shoulder tightened. "Stop stop STOPSTOPSTOP!" He yelled, panicked. Concerned, I opened my eyes and looked at him, ceasing my will. His eyes were turned upward, alarm, gobsmacked gaze locked on the sky. Had I pulled a plane out of the air or something? I looked up, expecting to see an airliner or something in a nosedive. My eyes widened. Nope. The Moon was bigger. Noticeably bigger. Oh dear. 