
To me its just a job. Everyone has a role, don't they, something they do from whenever to whenever so they can do their part. Contribute. Be something that matters to other people. Difference between me and everybody else is I didn't get a choice in mine, and I don't get leave. I don't even know who I am outside of reaping souls. As long as mortals have shuffled their coils, I've been their to reshuffle them into the beyond. Was I ever a child? Does something like me, whatever I am, even have a development? Or did I spring forth from some god's forehead fully formed like Athena? If I was born that way though, given what I do it's likely I sprung from a different body part altogether. At first, all those millennia ago, I talked to them. The transitioning souls. As we traveled from the mortal plane to one of the many destinations they might have earned, I learned everything I could about them. Their life stories, hopes, dreams, thoughts about existence and the cosmos. Over time though, as I distributed one after another, never to see them again, I stopped asking questions. Why plant seeds in a field to which you'll never return? And then I met him. Or her. The husk was different each time, but the soul itself was the same, somehow returning to mortal plane again and again to live a new life. He called himself No one. I still remember our first trip. Even back then, before his first return to the mortal plane I knew No one was different. The fear normally sloughing off a travelling soul in great heaps was absent from him. Tranquility flowed from him in a cool, steady stream. Eventually, as we passed through the Middle Place toward his new home, I could not ignore his curious glances. "What?" I asked. "You must feel very alone," he replied. I had to look away from those eyes, so piercing and yet so concave, like an infinity in which you could float forever. When I left him with his new keeper I thought on his words. Thought on them often for a long, long time, my mind returning again and again to the stab of his infinite eyes. Why had he not been afraid? Of me, of death, of the beyond to which I was taking him against his will... Why had he not been afraid? You can imagine my surprise when I met him again. This time he had been a she in life, but the signature of the soul was unmistakable, the knowledge in his eyes undeniable. I was too afraid to ask how. In truth, I don't think I wanted to know. During our journey he described his second life, what he had learned and what he now understood - which was mostly that he didn't understand much. After dozens of transits I began to talk back. When I finally did ask him how he said he didn't know, that it didn't matter, why should he concern himself with forces outside his control. We discussed the universe. I told him of my existence, of what I was and the drudgery of my routine, and he listened. He understood. Somehow, he understood. I had never before felt the chains of attachment around my heart. The bittersweet pull of longing for another's words, to simply be in another's presence. No, I had never felt that before. So I was completely unprepared when they broke. I knew it was him. No one. When that cosmic shock quaked the fabric of every plane, sending a ripple throughout all of existence, I knew the signature of the soul. I felt him. It wasn't until I conferred with others like me - others created to serve as I had been - that I learned what No one had achieved. In the mortal plane they had created a name for it. Nirvana. He was gone. A small part of him is everywhere now, dissolved in the ether behind all things. I can still feel his soul there, the serene signature of his presence, perfectly content at the foundation of the universe waiting for others to join him. So far, none have. If I can find a way, I will be the first. I don't even know if it is possible for something like me, but I will try. I have to try. Because I miss my friend. ****** &#x200B; r/EnemyOfAnEnemy Edit: typo 