
It's been three days now since The Red Mysteryman had arrived at my doorstep. At first I had believed he was onto my latest scheme involving a brilliant heist of diamonds that would fuel a new superweapon and I went to greet him in civvie clothes, hoping to make it seem like nothing was wrong, but no...he just collapsed straight into my arms, just like that. I couldn't take him to the hospital. They'd believe I did this to him, call other capes in and I'd recieve yet another ass kicking. So I brought him to my spare bedroom and called good ol' Doctor Igor to help nurse him back to health. Looks like a monster, that man, but let nobody ever doubt his skills with medicine. Making my way upstairs to the bedroom, having noticed on the security camera that he was moving about on his own, I felt a thousand questions run through my mind. But best to focus on the most important one: Why. Why come to me. Surely he could've gone to a hospital? I unlock the door and am greeted by the now vulnerable superhero wearing pajamas falling into my arms once more. "Thank you thank you thank you..." He mutters on repeat. Raising an eyebrow I push him off of me and set him down on the bed. "Look Robert...yea I know your secret identity nowadays, so...Robert...you know I've been trying to kill you for ages and now you come here to me for aid. Why?" I ask, trying to remain cool and distant. "I...I didn't know where else to go." "How about the hospital? There's one not that far away. Or do you not have healthcare insurance? Pretty stupid not to have that in our lines of work..." He shakes his head and looks down. "That's not it...it's just...they'd ask questions." Oh now this I just HAVE to hear. I sit down on the bed next to him and lay an arm on his shoulder. Carefully, he's still in some amount of pain. "What, something embarassing happen? Fell down some stairs? Got beaten up by a D-lister?" "No, that's not it." He shakes his head and despite my attempts at humor - some of which he even used to laugh at in the past - he keeps looking scared. "Look, you can tell me anything. Nothing I hear will shock me, I've seen and probably done it all anyway." Finally a bit of a chuckle. "Heh, I guess so. Well, you know Grim Revenger?" "That vigilante prick? Yea, he damn near put me in a coffin a few times. The hell did you do to piss him off this badly?" Another silence. And once again I have to prompt him to tell me, but this time he just shakes his head. "Alright, I'll just ask him myself. I've been keeping quiet for a while now, he won't hurt me." "No, wait..." He holds on to my wrist as I get up. "Okay, look, I fucked up, alright? My daughter...she's 10 now, and I couldn't keep my hands off of her after that tease Silver Bombshell kept ignoring me..." ... It's hard work, digging a hole. Perhaps I should've thrown him to the sharks or into a vat of acid. But we've had so many memories together, the one dignity he deserves is a bit of a burial. And as I close the hole, I think about my own daughter. She too is about ten years old by now. Perhaps I should turn straight. Give myself a chance to be a good father for her. But first, one last big heist to pull off. 