
Goddamit! I hate being killed. It's not so much the dying part that I despise, that's over pretty quickly, but I do hate that for the next 10-15 years I have to go through all the childhood and teenage stuff again. Elementary school is the worst, just sitting here I hate every second of it. No one can know that I can already read and write or do "complex" math, I want to fly under the radar after all. So I have to pretend like I'm as clueless as the other kids when it comes to how to write the letter 'E'. The first couple of times that I went to school, I started writing with my left hand, but after doing it a lot I got so good that that doesn't work anymore. Gosh, I miss the olden days when I didn't have to go to school. I'm a doctor-always have been, always will be, it's really the only thing I truly enjoy- but people nowadays actually want you to go to med school and have a degree-it's ridiculous. I mean, I have amputated more limbs than I can count, I've seen the black death and small pox but you don't think I can treat your kid's cold without a degree? Don't be ridiculous! Med school is always cool though. Mostly because I don't have to go to classes all the time but I still ace every test, most of the stuff I discovered myself after all. So I have a lot of time to do nothing or hang out with friends. I miss partying actually, haven't done that in a while. In my last life I lived to the age of 58. Pretty good run for me until my wife killed me for cheating on her. Poison, not my worst death. Pretty quick. That was only like a week ago. Maybe I should rat her out to the police. The new teacher actually looks a lot like the girl I cheated on my wife with. Maybe a younger sister or cousin or something? I should hit her up. So I go to the front to talk to her: "Hey do you want to grab dinner sometime? We could go to your place after if you know what I mean." The instant I saw the shock on her face I knew that I f*cked up. Oh yeah, body of 5 year old! Edit: Wow, guys. I didn't expect so much positive feedback on my first time posting here! Thanks a lot! I'll definitely continue writing prompts! 