
Carol Mckenna liked her routine. She got up every morning, careful not to wake up Lou, and quietly made her way down to the kitchen. She got breakfast ready, and everyday at 7:30, began to wake up the house. Jana and Samantha always took a little rousing, but they always got up eventually. Then she would get back to her room and get Lou up. He knows the rules, he can stay out late as long as he can keep getting up early. It's one of the things that she loved about him. Then the usual morning chaos was sorted, bathroom timings, who gets the slightly bigger pancake, finding a favorite shirt, and finally when they are all cleaned and fed, they are ready to go out into the world. Carol liked her routine and for this reason waited until they were all gone for the day to address her shadow. "I know you're there." A moment of silence, and then a shadow splits from her own. It congeals and coalesces to take the form of a man in a jet black robe. "I hold no grudge against you, but your husband has angered us for the last time." Tendrils of darkness reached out. Before they could bind her, the entire room was consumed by what felt like an even deeper darkness. "Interesting, you went ahead and found out Captain Flare's secret identity, but you didn't even bother to find out who I was." Carol's voice echoed from everywhere and nowhere at once, "Oh well, time to clean up." He could feel it all around him, like being squeezed from every angle at once. No, this couldn't be happening, he was Shadow Master, he couldn't die like this. "There are others going after your kids." A desperate gambit. Most would give anything to save their children. Then he saw it. A Cheshire cat grin in the darkness, perfectly white teeth, smiling, almost laughing. "The black blood of the Night Whisper runs through their veins, they'll be fine." Shadow Master, no, Jacob Kazama would spend the rest of his very short time on earth regretting the decisions that made him go against the Night Whisper. ... Carol had dinner ready at 6:30. Lou would eat up then hit the town with the boys. Samantha would go to her room and play video games. And Jana would sneak out the window, even though she was grounded. But that was okay, everyone needed a rebellious phase. No one knew that better than Carol. 