
"I'm what?" I said cautiously, leaning heavily on my stick. I looked around but saw no one else. "Paroled" the man repeated. He wore a three piece pin stripe suit, partnered with a Trilby perched upon his head. It reminded me of the films of my youth, when every star was dressed to the nines. I took a second to remember his response. "From what?" I said, straightening as best I could. I was used to being pranked and made fun of my whole life. In my twilight years, I decided to just go with it. Less hassle for a life already fraught with it. "Your sentence" the man announced, pulling a stopwatch from an inside pocket, briefly checking the time and then returning it. "A three life sentence." He clicked his tongue. "Well deserved too". I almost laughed. I hadn't laughed in over forty five years. I took out a small handkerchief, wiped the perspiration from my eyes. It really was a hot one today. "I've never been to prison," I explained, replacing the square of fabric in my pocket. Surprisingly I hadn't dropped it, my cane or both. The man smiled at me. "Of course. Well Mr Stanley, I have read your file. Two charges of Cosmic disruption, one of Time endangerment, littering....." As he rattled on, I glanced around again. Still no one else. No cameras. Perhaps he was the best dressed crazy I had met in my seventy eight years on this cursed rock. I looked back at him and he beamed back expectedly. He must have finished listing my "crimes". "I really must be going" I said, as forcefully as I could manage. I began to walk away, leaning upon my cane, awaiting a trip or slip. "Of course, of course," the man said and suddenly he was beside me, in his hands an ornate silver topped cane that clicked impressively against the pavement. "Free man now after all! But before I leave, I have to deliver the legal jargon, you know how it is". I stopped and looked at this man. His features were flawless, his eyes a deep green that seemed to flash in the sun. I sighed. "Go on then" "Excellent!" He took a deep breath and quickly recited "As per the authority invested in me by the Ethereal Council, under sub section 4B of the criminal penalties act, I hereby confirm that the guilty party, Mr Charles Stanley, has served his penance of three life sentences of misery and misfortune. As such, he is now free of handicap and outside influence going forward, for the remainder of this and subsequent incarnations, unless the rules of his probation are broken. Grace period set to thirty one days beginning from today the 23rd of May 2018." I blinked. The man began to walk away, whistling a tune to himself. Just before he turned a corner, he yelled back to me. "You keep out of trouble now Charles you hear! After all , "No matter where, who or what you are, we'll find you"" And then he was gone. 