
"Usually when we first contact a civilization, it is very easy to get them under our banner..." The Empress sighed. "...Not the humans though." The assembled collection of interplanetary rulers looked on, faces carefully blank as to not show any emotion that might set their imperial ruler into a rage. Long has it been since the Empress claimed her throne amongst the many countless galaxies she had enslaved, and since then her temper has been legendary for its ferociousness. "They are..." the Empress started, before trailing off as if the very words she needed had eluded her. "They are beyond our understanding." The gathered conglomerate of rulers collectively gasped, all pretense of decor abandoned in the face of what their ruler had just stated. The Empress was a rock, an infallible source of leadership and knowledge. To admit that there was something that was beyond her was so rare that none of the species present, some of which lived for centuries, could not remember a moment where it had happened before. A brave Clixperr, a race of blue-skinned, four eyed insectoids, raised his hand. "Err, your highness? What do you mean? I mean no disrespect, but I find it hard to believe that those... Dirt Walkers... could be beyond you." The Empress' left antennae twitched, which was usually the first and only sign any creature got before they were removed from existence. Instead of incinerating the creature who dared talk out of turn, however, the Empress simply closed her eyes and took a deep breath, before answering. "They are... a confusing sort," the Empress replied, temporarily forgiving her subject. "They don't react the way most sentient creatures do." No one spoke without being addressed this time. Life flashed before their eyes once. It was more than enough for one day. Noticing the obedient silence, the Empress continued. "Our scouting drones reported back a backwater civilization. They are barely out of Beta Stage of development." Most aliens at the Empress' table shared a condoned laugh. Beta Stage of Civilized Development was the point where a civilization stopped fighting each other over resourced deemed valuable in the Alpha Stage, and started working coherently toward space travel. There hadn't been a Beta Stage planet in millennia. The different creatures reveled in their mockery for scant minutes more before the Empress spoke up once more, her silent words cutting through the chatter like a knife. "And yet, their technology has already reached that of Nevulon Five's." Nevulon Five, while not the most technologically advanced of the planets under the Empress' rule, was among the best regardless. The room fell into silence once more. "But... how?" a commander asked. The Empress, apparently feeling generous, let him keep his life as well. Such was the extent that the humans unnerved her. "We... are unable to tell," the Empress sighed. "That is but an example of a much bigger, underlying problem." The Empress leaned forward, and as one, every other person in the room leaned back. "The humans squabble. They have clear, unrestrained hatred for one another, and everything in our databases say they should take themselves out. And yet... they don't. They continue to thrive amongst each other even though most of their technological and sociological advances are based towards killing each other. They adapt to harsh environments for the sole purpose of proving a point, and they constantly ingest near toxic substances and perform near deadly feats to simply prove they can." The room was deathly silent. No one dared utter a word about such odd, terrifying creatures. "Honestly, they are quite impressive. Quite insane, but in a way that would be entertaining. I believe we should extend every courtesy to get them to join. All those against?" No one dared oppose. The question was a challenge, not a request. "Good. Meeting adjourned." As the creatures left, the Empress smiled a wicked smile. She told none of them of the humans' tendency to conquer. They would no doubt go on a spree to eliminate everyone weaker than them, most likely starting with the weaker planets in her own kingdom. At worse? They would overthrow her. At best, they would whip the more pathetic ones into shape. The Empress shrugged, at least it would be amusing. And most entertaining indeed. 