
There was a time when I would look at the night sky with wonder, and awe, questioning my place amongst the ever-stretching cosmos in its vast loneliness. Naomi, the woman of my dreams, would lie in the grass of a hill outside our home and stare with me. "Do you think the stars are lonely?" she once asked, touching her fingertips to mine. I didn't know how to respond. Stars don't feel anything, but at the same time, they're scattered throughout an uncaring universe, doomed to fight and fight until there's nothing left but an explosion that sets the heavens alight for a little while. Would that I could go back and tell her the truth. The stars are not lonely. They burn for us, and we burn for them, in a cycle that never ends as the universe spends billions of years stretching and searching, all of its bits and pieces looking for something that doesn't quite make sense. When we'd look at the night sky, blotted with stars thousands of light years away, it was a moment of connection. An understanding between two beings on the same path, just on different scales. I see it everywhere, now that I've been reborn in this newest iteration. The confusion, the despair, the wonder and fright and feeling that there must be something bigger than us. We can't be alone, this can't all be for nothing. Some fill this hole in the soul with religion, or alcohol, or whatever else makes them forget that it's there--but it's *always* there. It will always be there, because we are more than ourselves. We are the pieces of a whole, a shattered puzzle, out of place anywhere we roam. When I look at the night sky, now, I no longer wonder. Naomi, I can finally answer your question, wherever your matter has been scattered. But you already know it, don't you? Because for an infinite moment, the universe became whole again, compacted into a singularity that is the closest thing to heaven we'll ever get. It was you, me and the stars all together at last, even though it cannot hold. I hope that once this cycle of turmoil comes to a close, I will still remember our time in utopia. If only I could tell everyone else that the meaning of life is, simply, to be as one. That we are Heaven, and these brief flashes of life can be so much more than just the search for ourselves. ---- */r/resonatingfury* 