
I always wanted children, I really did. Even though I'm a man, and that's not what modern men often dream of, I just really wanted a little girl to spoil. At the age of twenty-eight, I got one. A beautiful baby with the brightest green eyes I've ever seen. She had an odd birthmark, a sort of star-shaped blemish on her shoulder, and we always thought it was a sign that she'd been sent from the stars. But life is cruel. My sweet Sonia, at the young age of eight, contracted MCS: Main Character Syndrome. There's no cure, unfortunately. Not much is known about what causes it, either, though my wife always said it's because we vaccinated her. My *ex*-wife. There isn't enough awareness for it in the world. But I've caught her, gazing into a distant sunset, having a flashback scene. They come sometimes, rendering her useless in the middle of random activities. She once had one in a volleyball game, right after she'd jumped into the air, and hit her head real hard on the ground because of it. Sometimes I catch her, standing somewhere, just... staring at her hand. There's nothing in it, she just holds her palm open and studies it hard for a minute or two. We had to get her a utensil-holder that straps to her wrist, just in case. Her hair is bright orange and spiked. It doesn't suit her face at all, but we literally can't cut it with anything, nor can we dye it. I broke a pair of scissors trying to even it out, once. And her clothes... God, the clothes. She won't dress in anything that isn't absolutely hideous. Bless her heart, she can't control it, but the kids at school all make fun of her for wearing things like green sleeveless vests with purple hearts on them over a bright yellow collared shirt. Who dresses that way? There was a time where she wore only bodysuits with hearts cut out over the stomach region. It was horrifying, and she got suspended for it. Thankfully that was a phase. Her grades keep tanking. She skips school saying the world needs her help, and constantly tries to fight this poor girl in her class that she calls her "rival". Poor Amy just wanted to be left alone, but my Sonia wouldn't let her be. Amy eventually transferred to a different school. Oh, and the catchphrase. I don't even want to type it, she's said it so many times. I love her, but it's just agonizing to hear over and over. We have a charity organization started for kids with MCS. It's not an easy life, but it's manageable with the right support and resources. Other parents deserve to know they aren't alone. If you know of someone struggling with MCS, please, reach out to the Shounen Foundation. You aren't alone. ---- (yeah I went with anime and wrote from a different POV, I like the idea of it being an ailment) */r/resonatingfury* 