
The captain's recently purchased star ship was a modified cargo transporter. Bays which were once used to hold exotic organisms en route to wealthy collectors had been converted to holding cells ready to be filled with murderers, smugglers, and, if the crew was lucky, maybe even a false god. The one called Jesus had a bounty on his head higher than any the universe had ever seen. And for good reason. For eons, Jesus had spent most of his life traveling to contact-forbidden planets, those which had not yet developed a society capable of intergalactic travel. This was a high crime in and of itself. One which had cost many researchers and smugglers centuries of prison time. But Jesus was different. He did not travel to these worlds in order to study primitive civilizations or to poach organisms which had never before been seen. No, Jesus voyaged to these protected planets in order to see just how much he could influence the history of civilizations. He specifically targeted species with incredibly short life spans so that he could see the future of these beings unfold over the course of hundreds of generations. At first, Jesus was very discreet in his work, implanting himself as a genius inventor or artist. It is likely that the Intergalactic Investigation Panel would never have caught on to his mischief had Jesus continued in this manner. His successes emboldened him, however, and Jesus was now a god in eyes of dozens of civilizations throughout the universe. It had been nearly three millennia since any clue of Jesus' whereabouts had been reported to the captain. But today was the day in which their game of cat and mouse could resume, and the captain was thrilled. Ever since his pursuit of Jesus began, nothing could match the joy and excitement he felt during his excursions on the worlds which were inhabited by beings who called Jesus God. If the captain were to ever succeed in earning the bounty, it would be a bittersweet accomplishment, for he knew that after that day, he would never be able to feel the thrill of the hunt again. "What's the story this time?" The captain asked his highest ranking officer, a tall and lanky being whose arms drooped nearly to the floor and whose eyes were mounted atop thin flexible appendages which extended two feet above his head. "He was born to a virgin mother," the officer replied. "Years later he sacrificed himself and proclaimed that one day he would return. Believers look forward to this "second coming" even though it will be preceded by war, famine, and plague. It is prophesied that a man, a false prophet, will unify their world only to lead them to death and destruction, bringing forth the end of days." "Interesting," the captain mused as he massaged one of the horns protruding from his skull. He always did this when deep in thought, and his first officer could see by the look in his eyes that something big was on the horizon. Over the eons, the first officer had watched as his captain had helped to fulfill Jesus' prophecies on dozens of planets. He had come to believe that his captain did not really want to catch Jesus at all, that he relished in being a part of Jesus' plans, his games. The job paid well, though, so he did as he was told and never complained. "Your orders, Captain?" he inquired. "Set our course for Earth," Lucifer replied as a grin slowly spread across his face. "This is going to be the best apocalypse ever." 