
"Define cute." "Attractive or pretty in an endearing way." The prime minister leaned backwards in his chair, eyeing his security council. Arrays of impressive medals gleamed on their chests, symbols of their mighty struggles. Using a heavily furred paw, he rubs his eyes. For weeks human ships have warped into their extra-solar mining operations, churning rocks and valuable minerals for planetary processing. Each time a human ship jumps in, a Kakadu ship goes missing. Expensive men and material simply gone, to be replaced by human equipment days or sometimes hours later. Intergalactic boogeymen. Conquerors, slavers, genocidal maniacs with cold corporate greed to guide them. Entire races wiped out for their resources, calmly and efficiently. Never a human lost in the battle, just drones. Drones, drones, drones. Perks of an automated military. Name a planet. Humans own it. Their ancient ancestors had once called it 'Manifest Destiny', and happened to consider the entire Milky Way their property. "How do we use this to our advantage?" Several council members exchange worried gazes, others stare at the floor. One hands a report, placing it onto the prime minister's desk. "Our optimal solution is to submit." Another hands a long leash, bright red. "Their chairman of the Sputnik Mining Conglomerate has apparently already purchased you as his new 'pet'." "Define pet." "An affectionate term for a lesser being." Here it comes. Subservience or death. Struggle or be ground into dust, but such was the way of life. The prime minister hangs his head low, crushed by the futility of it all. "Let the humans take us, then." He hobbles to the window, short legs accustomed to a heavier gravity. Quietly a council member sneezes, the force knocking him onto his bottom. In the distance, the distinctive roar of ships warping into orbit. They've come for the home world at last. Oblong objects float menacingly above, establishing planetary orbit. Billions of black dots swarm the sky. The drones. Holograms project across the clouds. *Do not be afraid.* *Do not resist.* He wonders how many orbital defense cannons will blast, but knows they'll be silent within hours. *Do not be afraid* *Do not resist* A supreme irony, that a conquering species neglects to even send an actual specimen to their subservient worlds. *Do not be afraid* *Do not resist.* Almost beautiful, the clouds of drones. Each one to scoop up a citizen and take him somewhere far from his home. More human ships warping into orbit, the sonic blasts creating a cacophony. *God help us all,* thinks the prime minister. A silent and futile prayer. He belches slightly, ruffling fluffy ears. God help them indeed. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 