
Death was a young woman with raven black hair and a beauty that had never quite had time to blossom. She was a girl whose motions refused to be defined, alternating between a perfect flowing gracefulness and shocking suddenness seemingly at random. She was also heartbroken as she walked through the forest that day. In moods like these everything seemed to shrink away from her; flowers shivered at her approach, trees strained at their roots as if they could run. She only had the handmaiden at her side and even that had started off wrong. "Elle," she said, turning to the girl. "Why don't they understand?" It was a difficult question, too broad to have any real answer and she knew it. In the distance they could both hear the villager's chants. It was a holy day, a harvest festival dedicated to the God of Life and his gifts. "Because they can't," Elle said simply. "I was like them when we met, remember? I was terrified of you for nearly a year after my sacrifice, I blamed you for taking every good thing in my life away. It's natural for mortals, we have so little time that we want to make the most of it, measured like that your brother the God of Life was always going to be more popular." "I know that!" Death hissed, resuming her walk and wishing she could get far enough away from the village not to hear. That was impossible on a day like today though, there was still work ahead. "But still, not one of them sees! Not one! They all believe they have souls, believe that there's a world beyond their mortal plane, but yet they still can't see my gift for what it is!" Elle caught up to her, grabbing Death's arm to stop her. "Maybe that's an important part of it. I know we've been through this before but humor me, what do you think your gift is? What is death to its goddess?" Death paused, lowering her head. Her hair fell in a great cascade across her face, every muscle in her body tensing. This was the very core of her being, even saying the words made her feel exposed. "Death is the validation of life," she said. "Its what gives a life meaning and hope and joy, it makes every experience in it matter. Without death life would become a curse and my brother would be feared as I am. And beyond that, it's...it's..." she struggled for the words now, the goddess had been alone a very long time before she met Elle. "It's the beginning of a second life. And then a third, and a fourth. The spirits live on and return back into the cycle, binding the world together, making us all whole. Except for you, I'm sorry for that." "I'm not," Elle said, and Death didn't have to see her handmaid's face to know she was smiling. Elle stroked arm gently and then moved away, her bare feet almost silent on the grass. Glancing up through the curtain of her hair Death saw her crouch down and pick something. Elle came back slowly and as she approached Death heard a small wailing sound, catching a familiar, almost cloyingly sweet scent. She'd picked a deathbell. "I saw this in the bushes, I always thought they were beautiful, even when I was alive." "That's rare for mortals, most people are too afraid of my symbols." Elle laughed, standing in front of her goddess again. "When I was six I once braided them into my hair. I'd found a whole stand of them near the village graveyard and thought they made me the prettiest girl in all the land." Reaching up she began to comb her fingers through the goddess's long dark hair. She gently weaved the flower in, its purple and black petals barely showing in that ocean of night. "I'm sure you were," Death said softly, enjoying the feeling. "They may be my flowers but they suit your colors better." "Oh I don't know, I love them on you." Finishing her work Elle cupped a hand under the goddess's chin, drawing her gaze up and brushing her hair back behind her ear. Death smiled. It was a strange and rare thing, like the rise of the full moon, and she cherished every opportunity she got to do it. There had been precious few before her handmaiden, her friend, had arrived. Elle's right hand moved to her cheek, the left to her waist, and when the taller woman leaned down Death closed her eyes and gave herself over to the moment. In the distance the villagers still sang, but as Death's mood changed the trees seemed to lean back in and the flower in her hair stopped wailing. ---------- If you enjoyed that I've got tons more over at r/TurningtoWords. Come check it out, I've love to have you! 