
I stuck the end of my cigarette into the roaring brazier near my table. A long drag filled my lungs with sweet nicotine, and relief flooded through my muscles. It had been damn near two days since I'd had a cigarette; there was just the one pack in my pocket when I found myself here, and I had to make it last. Nowhere in this world seemed to carry my brand, after all. Or even have cigarettes in the first place. Sorcerors, giants, ogres, potions, magic... sure. But no cigarettes. Just my luck, I guess. "Excuse me?" A voice asked, barely loud enough to be heard over the roaring din of the tavern. "Are you... are you the Man in Black?" I looked down at my suit. It was pinstriped, but no one in this world seemed to know what that was. Everyone here wore heavy robes and wolf furs and crap like that. And not a single man had the decency to wear a proper hat, or a tie. "I suppose I am," I answered, tipping the brim of my trilby back to get a good look at him and gulping down a mouthful of booze. "What's it to you?" He fidgeted, looking at the empty chair across from me. I nodded for him to take a seat. "I need your help, good sir. I've heard that you... that you can help people" I grimaced. You help *one* damsel in distress from a band of roadside bandits, and you're stuck in the gig for life. I was apparently already developing *that* reputation once again. I guess some things never change. Even across worlds, you can't escape who you are. And for me, that meant bad news. Who I was before wasn't a very pretty sight, and I wasn't keen on slipping back into that pit of despair. "What can I do for you?" I asked the man. "It's my daughter," he said. "She was kidnapped in the night from our home in Fareshold!" *It's always about a girl*, I told myself. Same old story since the beginning of time. I drained the rest of my drink. It wasn't whiskey, but it had the same burn going down my gullet and that was good enough for me. "How's about the next round is on you," I asked the man, "and you can tell me all about it?" He nodded and signaled to the bartender, a willowy man nearly seven feet tall with a long nose and pointed ears. Maybe "man" isn't the term I should be using any more, considering how many various types there were in this world. At the other end of the bar, a set of Dwarves drank from gigantic mead steins, and lurking in the shadows was what looked like a living rock, eating from a plate of gravel. This was a strange place, but who the hell was I to judge? "We know who took her," the man continued. "Glaurian the Dread!" "Yeah, yeah." The bartender came over with our liquor. My patron sipped at his booze like a bird and grimaced, while I drained mine and called for another before the elf had even walked away. "So this Glaurian guy. Friend of yours? Maybe he's got a score to settle with you?" That was always the case. Someone gets on the wrong side of the mob, and it comes to bite them on the ass. This world may have magic and monsters, but that didn't mean people didn't still get in the same types of trouble. "You owe him money or something?" "He already stole all of my gold for his hoard!" the man complained, wringing his hands. *Of course,* I thought. One other thing that never changes is that my clients are always deadbeats, unable to pay me for my service. *Just great*. "Uh huh. So what's he want with your girl, then?" The man cocked his head, like it was an odd question. "Well... that... that's just what Dragons do!" he finally cried. "Who knows why?!" I laughed. "Dragons, huh?" Maybe this world would present some new challenges after all. "All right, pal. I'll take the case." ---- [Here is Part 2!](https://www.reddit.com/r/Luna_Lovewell/comments/5aq6mz/noir_fantasy/d9ik293/). And as always, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons more stories! 