
Silent ringing...no sound, no voice, no heed of warning was heard by the young knight. His rage and desperation manifested in a single aim. Saving the woman he loved. The young maiden was strapped on the burning pyre. Weak and unwilling, her fear expired for she was tired. Her fate was sealed and she had surrendered to it. In this age of unenlightenment any women could easily be accused by their peers of witchcraft. A sin so despised by the church, no mention of fair sensible trial was even an option. Jealousy had brought the young maiden her doom, for another girl had fallen for the knight as well. With the brand as the Devil's bride, the young maiden was mercilessly tortured and sentenced to a fiery death in the name of God whom had forsaken her innocent soul. His armor was still bathed in dirt and blood. War had taken a toll on him while instead of a victorious return he was greeted with the tragic sight. The fabled berserker soul had taken over the young knight. With his sword he maimed anybody in his way. Like a ferocious storm he charged the burning pyre. With no regards to his own safety, he must save her. Spears, arrows, and swords pierced through his armor cutting his flesh. Not the guards, not his fellow knights could stop him. Had he continued, he would have surely died. The maiden saw her love. With tears she screamed, drowned by the crowd, she begged and begged for him to stop. She knew her time was up, and she couldn't bear the thought of the knight dying along with her. But what could she do? The last of her strength she gathered... It was surreal, time seemed like it had stopped. Murmurs from the crowd halted. The guards shoutings were stopped. There were no other sound but the maiden, with her last breath...she sang. A voice so enchanting like that of the sirens of the sea. A voice so divine like that of angels of heaven. The fire danced along with the tune, wind carried her last will. Ever otherwordly, the people were so captivated it almost washed off any doubts the young maiden was a witch. The young knight stopped his rampage. Cutting through all his rage, her voice was the only one he heard. He fell to his knees, tears ran down his face. Accepting the tragic fate, he let her go. In time her voice grew weaker until it eventually stopped, consumed by the flame. The people stood still, unsure. Like a heavenly baptism, the maiden's song rid of the hatred in their hearts. Guilt grew, regret followed. Cries of remorse enveloped the crowd. Silent ringing...no sound, no voice, no cries of the people was heard by the young knight. He was empty, his soul was hollow, a hole was carved out of his heart. The wind still carried the last line of the maiden's song, its echo was the only thing he could heard... "*Be still my love, you're home*" 