
"So, I'm going to a party tonight if you want to come" I said as I walked into the kitchen to see Chad Chadson, my newest flatmate sitting backwards in a chair. "Will there be any world leaders or important pillars of the human community?" he asked. "Possibly" "I will bring edibles" he began, "fish eggs and the flesh of immature house cattle" Nodding, I focused on the ground and responded "yeah, I think crisps and some beer will probably go better, but it's good that you're offering to spice things up a bit" "Pepper" "Right, so anyways, we're going to get going around 5. I can drive us both there..." I began, turning away from the kitchen. "I will arrange my own form of transport" he said as I felt a blast of energy at my back and a light which illuminated the hallway in front of me. I turned back around and Chad was gone. "CALL ME. NOW." The text message from Maria read. "Shit...." I whispered as I pressed the green button and the phone began to ring. "Hey, what's up?" "Your flatmate broke into my house, somehow, and is running around my kitchen slapping pieces of meat on various items and screaming 'engage thermals', dude, I told you that he could only come if you stayed by him the entire time, and I said nothing about him arriving four hours early, alone, and breaking the fuck in!" "THERMAL ENGAGE!" Chad screamed in the background as he put the veal on Admiral McKenzie, the flat cat. "Though to be fair, he also seems to have upgraded by fridge, so kudos for that." Maria added. "Let me talk to him" I said. "Hey, Chad, listen buddy, it's not time for the party, can you just come back here and..." "WHAT THE FUCK!" Maria shouted and dropped the phone as Chad materialised in the room with me. "Where is the thermal engager?" Chad asked. "Right, the stove, come over here, grab a frying pan, you know, this, this thing, add some butter" "Cattle froth" "Butter...., some rosemary, lightly flour the veal, place it in like this, sprinkle some salt and pepper" "MY NASAL AIR IS UNDER ATTACK" "That's just the pepper buddy, let's just cook this for 3-4 minutes on each side, like that, right, then we just add some more pep..." "NO" "It's not necessary to do that, you're right, let's add in some white wine, let it evaporate for 3 to four more minutes, throw in some cherry tomatoes, some mozzarella cheese" "Cattle clumps" "Cheese.... two more minutes... almost there.... Now we put it on the plate, and pour on the juices.... and a bit of basil for show! See, all done!" "See, all done! Now we are ready to engage in human festivities" "Let's just put this in the fridge for a bit, and let it cool down and" "ENGAGE COOLING SYSTEMS" he screamed as he threw the veal at the washing machine. "Ex... exactly. Great. Well, I'll see you later for the party" "HERE ARE MORE EARTH CREDITS" "Thanks... thanks buddy" 