
"Damn it," I muttered to myself, looking at my phone as I ran down the hallway. "I'm already ten minutes late." I came to the elevator and groaned. The digital display indicated that the elevator was on the 13th floor. It would take a while for it to come down. I mashed the call button repeatedly, tapping my feet impatiently as I wondered just how mad my boss would be at me this time. As I stared at the digital display, a weird thought came into my mind. Since when was there a 13th floor to the building? Ah well, I must have just not seen it before. I had only started this job a month ago after all. Then the elevator doors opened and I forgot everything I was thinking about as I gazed in shock at the most bizarre group of people I had ever seen. In the left corner, there was a man dressed in a filthy purple bathrobe and a fedora on his head. He was curled up on the floor, looking down at a crystal globe that he was holding in his hands and screaming the same sentence over and over again: "This shouldn't be happening!" Next to him was a figure sitting in a chair who was wearing a hockey mask, sunglasses and a business suit. Instead of hands, he had kittens sticking out of his sleeves, quietly yawning while seeming utterly indifferent to the yelling coming from the crystal ball man. Meanwhile, on the far right, there was a man who was dressed in a fur coat while wearing a construction hat on his head. His back was turned to me as he was furiously nailing what looked like a grandfather clock to the elevator wall. Just at that moment, even though it was only 8:43 a.m., a cuckoo burst out of a trapdoor above the clock and screeched out: "Visitors! Visitors! You're late!" The crystal ball man screeched in panic and fell silent, quietly rocking back and forth in his corner. The man in the construction hat turned around and I felt myself flinch as I saw he was blind. Where his eyes should have been, there were only two clocks that looked like that they had been taped to his skull. "Can I help you?" he asked in a surprisingly high voice. I hesitated. "Does this elevator go the 7th floor?" "It goes to all floors," he replied. "Inside and outside of time." I shrugged and walked in. "Good enough for me." 