
I didn't remember anything last night, but apparently it had to do over who gets the last slice of pizza. Something happened, and two groups of my adopted family (who I am not sure were even invited) started arguing over who gets the last slice of pizza, and it almost turned to blood. It's the last I remembered before I downed the rest of my vodka and blacked out. Next thing I know, my best friend is congratulating me on my problem solving skills, and both groups left without turning my house into a mess. He told me that when I was drunk out of my mind, I was using vocabulary that he didn't know I had in me, and I was using logic that he's never seen in me before! He kept going on and on about it until I asked him for a glass of water. I knew before he even finished talking about it that my new "super power" will be the best party trick of the century. &#x200B; As the years went on, I willing became drunk at bars and house parties, just for the heck of it. As I was drunk with other people, I helped them solve many of their problems with each other. I've stopped many couples from breaking up on the spot, and even an engaged couple thanked me personally on their wedding day! They said it was probably me who kept them together, and without me, they wouldn't know where they would be now. After a lot of drunkenness, I was starting to get tired of it, and tried to stop and stay quiet about it. But it wasn't easy keeping quiet. I didn't exactly try and make it a secret, but I didn't deliberately go out and show off. Okay, maybe I did. But it was only a matter of time before the word was spread, and someone took notice in how useful my talent was. &#x200B; It's late on a Friday night, and I was just relaxing, playing some BOTW, when I heard a knock on my apartment door. It was a really firm knock, and definitely not my roommate. He was supposed to be out of town. Cautiously, I peak through the peephole. A tall, muscular but skinny man in a neat suit, with sunglasses on, was standing at my door. It was 10 PM, and he was wearing sunglasses?!? After scanning him over and not seeing any noticeable bulge of a firearm, I opened the door slowly. Before I could say anything, the man said "Hayate Koizumi?" Weird. No one in the US addresses me by my original name, except for my parents. I always went by my "American" name, Ethan. I answered "Uh, yeah, that's me. You need anything?" He stopped for a moment, before saying, "You need to come with me, now. You don't need to bring anything, and you need to be quick. People are after you." I froze for a moment, not knowing what to believe, before he pulled me out of the doorway. "Stop standing there like a dumbass and come with me! Did you not hear my last sentence?" Grabbing my coat off the hook, I was still frozen from the words he said, but I went and followed him. Who knows, maybe he's telling the truth? &#x200B; &#x200B; Criticism more than welcome, I need to know what to improve on. I'm relatively new to creative fiction writing, and constructive criticism will be really helpful 