
"Ah hell what is this nonsense?" I bellow out as the unfamiliar sight suddenly appears before me. My prior work, the dinosaurs, were nowhere to be found and the land masses had shifted drastically too. The climate was different, new oceans had formed, nothing remained of what I had spent a fair bit of time on. A heavy sigh escapes. I can't help but show my annoyance in a desperate attempt to mask the true confusion of what I'm seeing. "Oh don't tell me..." Suddenly I realize Earth wasn't the only part of this little game I had been playing but also- A few flicks of my wrist and there it was, Mars, the lifeless rock that was a former husk of the thriving world I last saw. "Son of a bitch!" My voice booms through the void and I cast my gaze upwards trying to regain some sort of composure. "Guess I don't need a dinosaur paradise planet if there aren't any more dinosaurs..." I grumble to myself bringing Earth back into view. Leaning forward I try to get a better view of this new life form which has become the dominant species across the entire planet. However each time I start to focus on any one spot something seems to pass by, like a tiny spec I can't help but notice and becomes impossible to ignore won't you see it. First there is one, then another, and another. Before too long I realize the planet is has hundreds of these things flying all around it. Bringing the view in closer I can finally see exactly what I'm dealing with when it all starts to come back to me. I had fallen into a bit of a depression for a long time. My career started off with a hell of a bang but I never had anything else to follow it up with. I had a few things going but nothing panned out and before too long I was focusing on just two planets; one a perfect paradise for my creations to live out their days and the other a testing ground to see what I could come up with. During this time I kept to myself, pulled away from family, sent my own son, and just became obsessed with my work until I kind of burned myself out and had to take a break. Completely spaced I left the real time clock running with the auto save feature. This entire time everything had been running on autopilot with zero guidance from me beyond using my likeness for the basic design. "Why would I make them just like me?!" I bemoan this development really wishing I still had the giant feathered lizards instead of small weak versions of myself "Do I seriously seem so up my own ass I'd make a planet full of mini versions of myself?" I ask the simulation knowing full well it can't and won't respond. Upon closer inspection I realize how self centered these beings are and living lives where their actions only make the world worse around them. Rubbing my temples I try to think about what I can to fix this but realize there's nothing much I can do... Well that is unless I wanted to start over. A few moments in the options menu shows me everything I need and with a few quick changes the temperatures around the world start to ever so slowly rise. I set a timer for a couple hundred years and decide to get myself something to eat before I watch a video. By the time that's over and I finish whatever I whip up the human situation should be all sorted out thanks to global warming. "Maybe this time I'll make the dinosaurs breath fire, that seemed like a pretty cool idea." Thinking out loud I wander off leaving Earth to slowly drown and burn all at the same time. 