
I paced back and forth in my cell, looking for some kind of weakness. The force-field walls were impenetrable, as far as I could tell. I'd spent about half an hour running into them at full speed while Jack Black developed nicknames for me. But I hadn't tried the ceiling yet; it was pretty high up there. I turned the bed, which was the only piece of furniture in the room, onto its side. And by jumping off of the bed and then using the force-field wall to propel myself even higher, I finally managed to grab onto the ceiling.... only learn that it was electrified. My whole body twitched, and I fell to the floor spasming in pain. "Aaaahahahah!" Jack Black laughed, sitting on a windowsill looking out into the empty void of space. The fingers on his right hand were covered in Cheeto dust, and his left hand held the bag. "BzZzZzZzZ!!!" His eyes bugged out and his whole body (particularly his paunchy belly) shook as he made exaggerated jolting movements. He laughed again, then repeated the whole routine in case I hadn't seen it the first time. "If you're not going to help me, could you *PLEASE* put a shirt on?" I shouted to him. It was bad enough that he was there just to mock me; did I really have to look at his pasty chest while he did it? "Could you *puh-lease* put a shirt ooowwwon!!" he sang in an exaggerated mimicry, pantomiming a microphone with the bag of cheetos . Then he proceeded to drum on his chubby stomach for a while, sending ripples through layers of fat. His right hand left five greasy orange streaks running from his hip to his belly button "It's not really Jack Black," I muttered to myself. "It's not really Jack Black." He was down on Earth somewhere, probably in a mansion and wearing a luchadora mask or something. Also probably eating Cheetos. "They're just doing it to torture me." "And it's *woooooorking*!" Jack sang out, strumming wildly on an air guitar. Then he drew a Cheeto out of the bag and tossed it at my face; it bounced off of my forehead. I tried to ignore him... so he threw another Cheeto at me. An alien came around the corner in view of the cell. It moved kind of like a snail or a slug, sliding along the slick metal floor. But it was the size of a small boulder, with waving tentacles coming out its back at odd angles. Jack Black jumped up from his spot near the window, stood at attention like a soldier, and saluted. "Your Majesty!" he called the alien in a booming, sonorous voice that went echoing down the hall. I wasn't sure if he was trying to be funny, or if it really was some kind of royalty. Probably the former, because I doubt they would stand at attention just like humans. Particularly with no legs. "Cheeto?" Jack held out the bag to the alien. *Are you ready to talk yet?* The alien asked telepathically, ignoring Jack Black in a way that I only *wished* I could. "NEVER!" I shouted back. I refused to be responsible for betraying my entire planet. They'd have to kill me. *Very well.* The alien retreated back down the hall. *I'll leave you in Jack's capable hands for a while longer, then.* "Cayapable hayands!!!" Jack shouted, dropping to his knees and holdings his fists in the air like he was belting out a climactic solo. I ground my teeth, not sure how much longer I could hold out against such torture. ----- Subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for more (and better) stories! 