
The heathens might fear death, but I embraced it. I knew my God was waiting for me. I longed for His gentle touch, His warm embrace. So when the burglar overpowered me and plunged his knife into my chest, I felt not pain but joy. Freedom from this world, and all its woe and the glory of the one beyond. Moments later, I was in heaven. I stood before an enormous metal gate, and a bearded giant atop a stormy throne. This is it. The moment of judgement. I said one more small prayer, and stepped forward to face him. Then the mighty figure laughed uproariously, clapped his hands, and roared at me. On closer inspection, God looked rather different than in my imagination. He had one eye, was holding a spear, and was surrounded by wolves and birds. He was also alternating between tearing his way through an enormous turkey leg, and quaffing a cup of mead. Now it's possible you've never experienced this, but if you've spent your entire life devoted to the Father, the Son, and the Holy ghost, it's rather unsettling to find an obese Norseman banging his spear at you when you die. I will admit, I was startled. "Where, ... , where's J-J-God?" I asked. The man in the chair looked confused. "I am God. A God anyway. Odin. Is this not what you were expecting?" "I ... no. I want to be with God. I want to go to heaven" His brows knitted even further together. "This is heaven. This is Valhalla." And at once, I felt the enormity of despair. All those years. All that prayer. All to the wrong god. I fell to my knees and cried. Odin seemed surprised by this, but not particularly insulted. He stood, stretched, strode over to me, and then poured a considerable portion of his remaining mead down my throat. It was rich, thick, and extremely strong. I coughed, and as I did, Odin spoke. Once booming, his voice was still strong, but intimate and understanding. "All gods are real. In their way, at least. But you did not die as a sheep in need of a shephard.* You died as a warrior in battle. Your place is here." And he pointed off into the distance, where I could see rows upon rows of tables, filled to the brim with powerful-looking men and women engaged in revelry. My faith told me to turn away, but whether it was the mead or my last memories of frenzied combat, I felt a strange longing to the distant feast. I was torn, but under Odin's stern gaze I made my decision. "Well, I guess I can try it". (r/StannisTheAmish) &#x200B; * John 10:11, John 10:14 