
Immortality has its costs. The first of these is boredom, or at least it is for me, which is one of the reasons people are always upset about my reign. I need...entertainments, and they don't always like it. The entertainments don't like it. Also usually their friends and family and neighbors. It's what I would consider my one real weakness, but it's a small price to pay for a stable and prosperous kingdom, which is something everyone wants but they lose objectivity and the ability to see the big picture when that price is people they know or are obsessed with long after the fact. Seriously, get over it. The second is a rare substance found deep beneath the earth, where the Primal things skitter and moan at the half-formed nature of their creation. Hard to find, dangerous to extract, but if you know what you're doing--and I do--you can use it to live forever, among other nice perks like the ability to melt would-be heroes' precious heirloom swords with a simple wave of the hand. My first few batches of this stuff, when I was first starting out, I extracted myself. A hero and adventurer of some renown, was I, before deciding this great patchwork of squabbling kingdoms needed to stop with the constant blood and chaos and settle down some. Now, of course, that's too dangerous, for any number of reasons. So I appointed a Court Seer. Mostly this person just spews convenient nonsense that helps with my propaganda efforts, but every couple generations or so I'll give one of them a nice big bag of platinum coin and tell them to "go rogue." They then go out and find some scrappy group of promising malcontents, tell them they were banished for speaking a true prophecy that has my Imperial Knickers all in a twist. These useful crusaders are always easy to find, too, I keep good records of my entertainments, and a close eye on the people close to them, and the descendants of those people because *gods* can people keep pointless grudges for a long time. The "banished seer" tells them that the substance I need is necessary to weaken me so I can be killed, they "sneak in" to the fortress, some member of my staff plays double agent and tells them to pour it in a vessel that's sure to be added to my food. Then they come confront me, and I have more entertainments. And I have the substance I need. I did worry at first about the "heroes" figuring out how to use the stuff as well, but that requires another artifact which I stumbled on during one of my deep delves into the Bowels of Creation, and I'm fairly certain it's one-of-a-kind. I keep it on my person at all times. Easy enough. Or it had been. This latest batch of would-be avengers has become a problem. Their leader is a self-righteous snot of a woman, that's no surprise, but she's perceptive as well. She's well-read. She tempers her zeal with actual fucking *research,* not just hoping she'll stumble on whatever she needs by questing around or taking my old seer at his word. She actually killed him, if you can imagine it. Saw through his ruse, maybe, I don't know. He was one hell of a liar, that's sort of the first requirement for being a Court Seer. I'm still mad about it. But I don't have time to be mad. I have to find her. I have to kill her. She's gone to the Bowels of Creation and begun collapsing the caverns. They'll take decades to dig out. Some of them may not be recoverable at all. This cannot happen. She has to die. She refuses to do it so far. I'm growing weaker. Soon I'll be just a mortal man in his late fifties. I should have gone after her personally the moment I caught word of what she was doing, but I've gotten complacent. Now it's too late. And once she's done sealing off the caverns-- She'll be coming for me. &#x200B; Come on by r/Magleby for more elaborate lies. 