
Humanity was amazed by the presence of extraterrestrials. They were new. They were exciting. As a species, we were done evolving. We had discovered every scientific breakthrough available to us and our meager resources. We had mapped our observable universe and pushed the limits of our existence. We had philosophized and reached enlightenment too many times to count. War had been abolished and scholars had been normalized. We were a peaceful people. We were a bored people. So when the aliens appeared from beyond our star, we were excited. We presented them with the best of our technology. We serenaded them with the best of our recreational culture. We were more than ready to accept their strange mannerisms and their weird, faster than light spacecraft. We were ready for them to break our boredom. And then the creatures, lowly and vile and insignificant cretins as they were, fired on us. We weren't ready for that. Solid beams of searing white light speared from the heavens like lightning, burning and exploding and tearing. Major cities went up in flames. Precious libraries and databases were reduced to rubble in almost no time at all. Fathers lost daughters. Mothers lost sons. Brothers held sisters and sisters held brothers. Desperate calls were made across the planets as families and friends desperately tried to reach others. We were broken. We were grieving. But then, you made the one critical mistake. An envoy, a single envoy with only two soldiers, was sent down to one of our broken cities. It trailed over the debris that used to be our centers of knowledge and plucked a single human child, no more than six, from the still warm corpse of his mother. It held the boy aloft, and we heard the soldiers cackle at our helplessness. You thought us weakened. An easy race to subjugate when faced with our fettered young and your obvious superiority. So lost in your 'superiority' were you that you didn't see the broken shiv of wood in the child's hand. With a snarl, he pierced it through your pathetic carapace and downed your envoy. Your soldiers didn't have the time to react before we were on them as well. They were taken down in seconds. I'll let you know this now, scum. We didn't plan such a thing. We simply reverted to what felt right. And our scientists sure felt right. They got to analyze your envoy's spaceship. I know things aren't looking so well for your troops on the ground, but we will join you in space soon enough. I bet you're wondering why your light beams aren't as devastating as they once were. We remembered trench warfare. We can hide under our planet's crust, where your weapons can't pierce, for as long as we need. We haven't had a soldier in many years, but every day we find more lieutenants and generals, natural born military leaders, sprung up from our ranks. So thank you, aliens. Though it was not how we imagined it, you have definitely made things more interesting for us. Your one mistake was not annihilating us when you had the chance. Be ready, filth. Because we survived, and we are no longer bored. 