
Nobody will forget where they were when the sky descended upon them like a plague of shadow. Gano and a crew of his ten best men were at the forefront of Earth's greeting squad as the ship lowered through the stratosphere. It was a beastly thing, the size of a continent at least, with an entire geography of its own that shifted with life. It swallowed their city in darkness. "Stay sharp, men," he said, nodding to Dennis. "And you, be ready to prepare fireworks for our guests at the first sign of a disturbance." Dennis nodded, keeping nimble hands at the ready- nimble hands that grew heavy as time passed. After nearly an hour of eerie silence, a speck flew out of the hull and grew larger as it approached. "Enemy craft inbound," a voice crackled over the intercom. "Approaching at high speeds." But as it grew closer, it became apparent that it was not a craft-- no, it was a *being*. Swirled with blue and red, ten times the size of a man yet oddly reminiscent of one. It stopped approximately a hundred feet away from the greeting squad and held its hands out to display empty palms. "Congratulations, you've seen your first black hole. Welcome to kindergarten, kiddos." Gano glanced to his crew, then the man-beast floating above them. "How... how do you know what kindergarten is? And how do you even speak human language?" The hulking beast smiled. "Asking the right questions, I see. This is good, very good. Everything should still be on track." "What are your intentions? Do you come in peace?" "Yes, yes peace- the shadow of war. We come to aid you, if that's what you mean. You'll learn in time. Oh, and I wouldn't fire at us if I were you. Your little weapons won't do any harm." "Arrogant prick," Gano muttered. The being zipped back into its mothership, leaving the welcome crew as nothing more than a few specks of dust on a distant surface faded to brown and green. Once inside, he made a mental call to his commander. "Everything is set." "No visible disturbances? This is not a task to take lightly." "No," Zurgo replied, shifting his crystalline eyes. "How long until the Guranesh reach this galaxy?" "Approximately two sun cycles on Earth." "Not much to work with." "Make it happen. And remember, Zurgo. They mustn't ever find out that they're our ancestors. If they do, the entire timeline could be destroyed. "**Do not let this happen. **" ---- */r/resonatingfury* 