
I opened the door with my elbow, balancing the sad tray of potatoes and gravy in one hand and the glass of orange juice in the other. "Ok Dennis," I said, "You won't believe what I have cooked up for you today." I let myself give what I thought to be an evil grin. *Man, I'm really getting into character here!* Dennis wasn't on the bed like he normally was, but sitting in the recliner that was set up for visitors. He had on a suit, not a new suit, but a suit that had seen the good days and stuck around for a while after they had gone. He leaned on his cane and lifted himself to his feet, wobbling only slightly. "I'm ready," he said, and his chin tremored slightly. A solitary tear escaped his eye, "No more runnin', not this time." "Oh Dennis," I said, "let's get you back to bed." "Didn't you hear me?" Dennis said a little louder. "At least let me go with some dignity, before I can't even realize that I've shit myself anymore, before I go completely mad and have to take pills to make me forget I'm alive." "I-- I can't take you Dennis," I said, "not today." My mind searched for an excuse. "See, there's this horrible man who hurts children, I'm taking him today, and then my quota's full. There's just no room, I'll have to put you in for another day." "I'll just have to wait until you change your mind, then," Dennis said, and sank back into the armchair. He gave me a grumpy stare as I brought the food to his chair, abstaining from taking a single bite. "If you finish your food, I'll consider moving you higher on the list, how's that sound?" I asked him. He grunted, and took slow, deliberate bites of his potatoes. "I won't chase you today," I said, "but if you want to talk, I'm always here, ok?" Dennis let a ghost of a smile cross his face, "Ok." I turned to leave, and was surprised that another nurse had come into the room. "I didn't hear you come in," I said. "They never do," the nurse replied. She turned to Dennis. "Would you like to come with me Dennis?" she asked. "Where to this time?" Dennis asked. "Someplace more comfortable, I promise," the nurse said. Dennis nodded, and she took his hand and together they walked out of the room. As they left, she turned back to me. "Thank you for taking care of him while he waited for me." 