
"Quick! Wake up! The village needs your help!" I peeled open my eyes and stared daggers at the ethereal blue alarm clock that came without a snooze button. "I'll get to them later." I grumbled, pulling the covers over my head. "Quick! Wake up! The village needs your help!" The small fairy replied, frantically darting across my apartment. I finally caught it in an old mason jar and screwed the lid on. She'd be out by tomorrow morning. She always was. I rubbed my eyes and walked into the bathroom. The character creator screen popped up in my mirror, but I thought better of showing up to my job with a new face. I shaved, showered and dressed. It is nice just having to select or deselect clothes to get dressed and undressed. Small perks to make up for all the nuisance I suppose. I made my way down the sidewalk, avoiding eye contact at all cost. Normally nothing happened but I don't like to take chances. You never know who's going to announce themselves as an assassin and try to gut you. But rules are rules, and they need to make eye contact and announce themselves first before they make their move. One time a guy follow me a block trying to get me to look at him. I just stared straight up at the sky until I was out of his aggro zone. After searching a few trashcans for about 4$, I stopped at the coffee house. The girl I like was there, but because she was working I could only choose from one of three responses. >One hot coffee please. >Hear any news? >Goodbye "One hot coffee please?" I asked, trying to sound as pleasant as possible and not at all like a marionette being controlled by a third grade level writer. "Sure thing!" She said and gave me a smile. "So how was your weekend?" Fuck. I cringed as the selection screen appeared to me again. >One hot coffee please! >goodbye. "One hot coffee please..." I half whispered, cursing my luck. "Oh, yea of course. Sorry, I didn't mean to get to personal." She said, crestfallen, before she scurried to help a different customer. Another employee handed me my coffee and I left, praying I could meed her off shift and talk to her like a person. After a block or two, I got to my office. The coffee had given me +2 energy so I was ready to get work out of the way. If I focused hard, it went by as a cutscene. Other times it made me do "quests" like, refill the stapler, or, submit the invoice paperwork. I walked in and saw the yellow exclamation point above my bosses head. I took a deep breath and walked over to him. "[Character name] I have a job for you! I need you to...", at that point I stopped listening and blindly hit the accept quest button. A few way-point markers appeared on my mental mini map and I set off to collect them. I don't know what I did. I got a few reams of paper together, made copies and gave them back to my boss. To my annoyance a loud "Ding!" alerted the office to the fact that my "paper handling" skills had increased. My boss looked at me blankly. "What was that noise?" He asked, narrowing his eyes. >Sorry, just my ringtone >Noise, what noise? >The sound your mother makes when I'm on top of her! "Sorry, just my ringtone." I said and quickly excused myself. Work finally finished and I was able to head home. I took a few shortcuts through back alleys. The map gets really congested this time of night and the unit collision in this game is shit. Halfway down an alley I heard intense and frantic music start to play. I took a deep breath and waited. "Your money or your life" Came the desperate rasp, inches from my ear. I felt a point digging into my back, but my level was so much higher than him I knew it wouldn't be a challenge. >Stop criminal scum, you've violated the law! >Good luck. >Here, just take it! [Give money] "Good luck", I said without turning. I felt the knife poke me a few times, and watched my health bar drop less than two hit points. I turned around and watched him stab my torso repeatedly while losing all color from his face. Finally, the shaking slowed and finally stopped all together. The man turned away running down the alley begging for mercy. I laughed and continued on my way. I drank from the dirty puddle in the alley to regain my three lost hitpoints. After a long day I returned to my sanctuary zone to relax. I got fully rested from watching a nature documentary, I got a stamina buff from being well-fed, and I increased my intelligence by reading a book I had been meaning to finish. Before bed, I drew myself a nice hot bath, waited until the tub was almost filled and lowered myself gently in. Then everything went black. "You Died" appeared across the black screen. I knew there was a reason I didn't take baths. To my horror, I found I had turned auto-save off two months ago and was going to have to relive the hardest boss I'd faced. *Corporate destination synergy symposium* 