
I have this recurring dream where my alarm clock is blaring and I open my eyes to see my parents still alive in front of me. My father breathes without the oxygen tank that he had carried around with him for the last six years of his life. My mother's withering grey curls are a luscious blonde and her cheeks are once again plump and red. She slides her fingertips down my cheek, smiling. "Did you sleep well?" she asks. "Are you awake?" And right before I respond, I wake. My psychologist says that I lack closure, that I still haven't gotten over their deaths. But I disagree. Their deaths weren't tragic. Well, of course all deaths are tragic, especially deaths of parents. But my father slipped quietly away into the night on his favorite chair and my mother died holding my hand, surrounded by family who loved her dearly. They each had funerals, wakes, and other remembrances. I had an annual tradition of bringing my grandkids to their grave so I could take another shot of whiskey with my father and give my mother lilies as gold as her hair. Still, my psychologist tells me that a part of me hasn't yet accepted their death. I want to tell him that I'm eighty-four years old and only here because three grandkids and two children of my own don't fill the long stretches of silence in my life. They visit, often. But a man still gets lonely. So I don't tell him. I entertain him, nodding my head and humming as he tells me how to live out the rest of my year or so (being optimistic) as best as I can. "It might not be their death," he tells me. "It might just be death in general. You haven't accepted it." To which, I smile and nod. It is the polite thing to do. The impolite thing would be to burst out laughing at the thirty year old man recently engaged telling an eighty-four year old about embracing death. I accepted my own mortality very long ago. So once again, I entertain him. I barrage him with questions he could never hope to answer and he does his best. "It won't hurt," he tells me. "You'll find peace. It'll be like gently letting go and slipping away to whatever next world you believe in. Like falling asleep. Isn't that nice? When you close your eyes and you gently fall asleep." "Promise it won't hurt?" I ask. He gives me a smile teeming with confidence, as if he knew anything. "I promise." His words play back to me whenever I go to sleep. And every night, I drift further into my dream. It becomes that much more real. The beeping. The parents. The fingertips. It feels more real than reality, as if my whole life had simply been the dream of a nine year old boy still asleep, but unable to wake. "Did you sleep well?" I hear my mother ask. "Are you awake?" I open my eyes, expecting to see my popcorn ceiling and revolving wood fan. Instead, I see my mother, her golden locks curling at her shoulders and her fingertips brushing my cheek. "Did you have a nice dream?" she asks, tears filling her eyes. I give her a nod and turn toward the alarm clock. It's not an alarm clock, but a heartbeat monitor. My father stands beside it, his eyes constantly shifting from the monitor to me. He crosses his arms and presses his lips into a thin line. "It won't hurt," he says, a tremor in his voice. "You'll find peace. Like falling asleep." I give him a nod as well. "Or waking up from a long dream," I tell him, my voice barely a whisper. It's all I can manage. My father covers his mouth and chokes on his breath. His shoulders heave. My mother squeezes my hand and presses her lips against it. "Good night, sweet prince," she whispers. "Sweet dreams." --- --- /r/jraywang for 5+ stories weekly and 200+ stories already written! 