
Ganth stared at Blith for a moment, pondering what he just heard. "The humans, a war species, fight for peace?" Ganth's headspines twitched with confusion, the blue planet slowly spinning peacefully just outside of the ship's window. "Baffling, isn't it? The Leogarn's fight because that's what they've evolved to do. The Subjugator's uh...well that's self-explanatory. But the Humans aren't even a unified race! They're unified by economy, but not by government. One civilization will actively mettle with another's government, to either undermine or support." Blith stated, staring at the planet. "Ganth, this species isn't space fairing. But could you imagine how our delicate balance in the galaxy would be overturned?" Blith asked, his photoluminescence lines slowed in pulses. "I've read the data blocks. I've studied the crude weaponry they deploy. The Allied Republic outright banned nuclear arsenals...but these Humans have thousands of these massive destructive weapons stockpiled away." Ganth paused for a moment. "It's frightening, knowing there is a race more destructive than the Kargons." The silver console suddenly lit up and projected a hologram of a writhing mass of tentacles. "Sargent Blith, Lance Ganth, status report." Shrieked the mass. Blith and Ganth immediately stood to attention. "Lieutenant Shilus, we are sending a data block of our findings. Our personal opinion for the Humans is that we do not Uplift them, nor do we announce the Galactic presence to them." Blith stated. The Shilus hologram had received the block and began reading it, Blith's bulletpoints and bookmarks helped Shilus to understand the humans in a quick manner. Silent and tense moments pass, the pair awaiting the verdict they'd carry out for the humans. "Take no further action than to remain cloaked and keep studying the Humans. A detachment is being deployed for more man power and to resupply you." Shilus finally said. "Roger, Lieutenant Shilus." Blith said. The hologram winked out, signifying the comm channel was closed. "This is the last time we volunteer for any sort of "scouting" mission." Ganth coldly said. "They're the easiest missions to do where we aren't in direct fire! Why won't you volunteer for any more?" questioned Blith. "It's because we end up spending months away from our home galaxy! We see all these alien worlds, but what use is it when a one month scouting mission turns into a two year scouting outpost!?" Ganth's spines now stood up in frustration. Elsewhere, Shilus now floated before a counsel of various races. The data block being streamed to each of their Slates. "Thanks to the best Scouting party under my command, they've been able o attain all of this important information about the new race that have named themselves "Humans". I do believe this war experienced species would be an excellent addition to spearhead our expedition force into new galaxies." --------- Trying to get back into writing. What do you guys think? 