
Sacha threw down his meal in disgust. Then he kicked the lifeless husk for good measure. He ran a hand through his dark hair and growled. His temper had been getting the better of him in the last few decades, now that it was impossible to find a satiating meal. The man crumpled at Sacha's feet was the most unenhanced human he'd found in a few years. One cybernetic leg, but the other three limbs were organic. That meant there would be more blood. The majority of people only had an organic trunk and head, leaving little more than a few sips of tangy blood that gave him a massive headache and never really satisfied the hunger. Not like the old days. But there was something wrong with this man, something worse than the simple external cybernetic parts added by others. His very blood was tainted with it. Sacha couldn't quite place what was wrong, but it felt wrong from when the first drop touched his lips. But his hunger was so ravenous, he pushed past the revulsion and still drank. Not all of the man, but obviously enough to kill him. The blood burned in his throat and stomach. Worse than centuries distant memories of alcohol or even poison. Sacha put his hands on his knees and tried to take a few deep breaths. He didn't physically need the air but hoped it would soothe the roiling in his gut. But it was no use. After only a few moments he was gagging and wretching the blood back on top of the dead man he'd taken it from. He held the back of his hand up to his mouth and grumbled a curse. He kicked the man one more time with less vigor, but it was enough to raise the cuff of a sleeve, revealing a medical alert bracelet. Sacha momentarily forgot the retching and pain and knelt down to examine the bracelet. It was so out of place in a world where so many ailments and diseases were fixed with a quick surgery and cybernetic implant. The front of the bracelet was just a barcode. Sacha flipped the bracelet over, where a few simple lines were inscribed. *The owner has nanite cybernetic implants. Use only medical procedures in compliance with blood-based electronics. Contact Hanover Medical and Cybernetics at 555-867-5309 for further guidance.* Sacha pulled the bracelet from the man's wrist and a long piece of flesh scraped off along with the band. He flicked it off onto the pavement and wiped it clean on the man's shirt before rising. *Hanover Medical and Cybernetics*. The name flashed a glimpse of recognition in the back of Sacha's mind. He pulled through memories to try and place where he'd heard of the company. It came to him in a flash. *The cure*. They had been the company to first offer a cure for vampirism a few decades back. Of course, it had been a scandal when it turned out it also robbed vampires of their immortality in a rather quick and gruesome manner. They created vampires to test their serum, so they had only been weeks or months old. When their true age caught up to them, it wasn't noticeable. But when older vampires, some centuries old, came for the cure... Sacha was still haunted by the aftermath and the mess that was left in the wake. But now it seemed they'd invented cybernetics small enough and intelligent enough to insert independently into the blood stream. Not a replacement of any organic part, but an addition. *And if they can create implants to live within human blood, they can create implants that extracted it and filtered themselves out.* Sacha would have to convince the company that the goal was a worthwhile pursuit. And he had no doubt this convincing would be more than eloquent words. Sacha ran through a list in his mind, deciding which brothers could help him descend on this company for such a worthy cause. It would be difficult, since their "cure" was as good as a weapon against their kind. But in war, there was also some risk. r/StaceyOutThere 