
"Any changes?" Dr. Arelkas shook her head in response. She didn't understand why Mr. Patel insisted on asking her such questions when he was perfectly capable of looking through the glass and seeing for himself the condition of his father. The Chrysalis took over the entire bed of the room beyond the glass. It was golden in color, almost like the color of desert sand, yet it was smooth and rippled. "How long has it been?" Dr. Arelkas bit back a sigh, "Forty-eight days. There have been no changes for forty-eight days. I said I would keep you informed should anything change." Mr. Patel ignored her impatience and put his hands on the glass, "He's a stubborn old man, you know? He could stay in there for a year if he felt like it." "There is nothing else you can tell us about him? He never worked at a nuclear reactor? Never experimented with moths or anything?" Mr. Patel shook his aged, bald head, "That asshole? Never. Construction worker for seventy years, then he retired, then construction foreman for another forty years. Hated doctors, hated medication, hated fast food. He hates a lot of things. It's basically his hobby." "Wonderful." Dr. Arelkas' sarcasm with as thick as her glasses, "So we'll have a grand time once he-" Dr. Arelkas felt the spit dry in her mouth as she saw the chrysalis crack. She punched an alarm on her phone and rushed out of the room to get into her biohazard gear. Mr. Patel jerked back from her mad dash. He shrugged, and turned back to the window. It was only a minute or two before a whole flood of doctors and scientists crowded into the room. There wasn't a single pair of hands in the room that weren't covered in blue latex. The chrysalis cracked open even further, then again, and again. Mr. Patel pressed his nose against the glass and let his eyes widen as the golden stuff fell off in jagged shards and a pair of wrinkled, ancient hands appeared. "Get...the hell... out!" Mr. Patel smiled at the voice of his father. The bastard really was too ornery to die. "Can't a man take a nap without some kind of interruption!" The hands grabbed the sides of the thing and a torso soon appeared, "I told Raj that I was NOT to be disturbed by... oh damn! There's a lot of you bastards. Get the hell out! Shoo!" "Mr. Patel," Dr. Arelkas approached the chrysalis and dodged a half-hearted blow from the old man, "You've been in that thing for forty-eight days now." "Woulda been ninety if I'd been left in peace!" The old man kicked his legs free of the shell, sending shards flying into the nearby scientists, "Outa my way! I need to piss!" "Sir, you're exhibiting behavior unheard of-" "I'm pretty sure I've had to piss before. Now scoot!" Patel swung his legs out of the chrysalis and hopped down onto the floor. Suddenly, there was a lot of space around him. He frowned, glared, and smacked a smaller doctor with one of his newly-formed wings. "If'n you're not gonna move, I'll piss on this guy here." Patel shook a finger at the doctor he'd knocked over, "Now git!" "But sir!" Came at him in a couple variations, "You have wings!" "Why do you think I have to piss so bad?" The old man grumbled and shoved the two nearest people out of his way, "Goddamn Redbull." 