
All the gods-in-training crowded around Aeron's universe which floated above his desk in a constant spiral. Some whispered that his universe looked like it had been created by a full-fledged god. Others even dared to say that his was the best they'd ever seen. Even the teachers had stepped forward, standing on their tiptoes to catch a glimpse of his spiraling expanse of black. Braxis didn't understand the appeal. He, like all the other gods, had taken a glimpse at Aeron's world and as far as he was concerned, it was just a bunch of rocks floating together in giant clumps. Occasionally, if one were to truly look for life, one could find it in the smallest crevices within the pebbles placed there. Though it was so sparse, most couldn't help but wonder if they were placed purposefully or if his universe had just gotten invaded by microbes. Hell, someone could've grabbed a bunch of dust, tossed it in the air, and gave the whole thing a small twirl to mimic that exact thing. Braxis suspected that's exactly what Aeron did. "A+," the teacher exclaimed and handed a beaming Aeron his grade. Braxis rolled his eyes. That bastard was good at one thing--Godball--and suddenly he became this God amongst gods. She-gods laughed at his shitty jokes. Teachers gave him high-fives in the hallways. This smug asshole could have probably take a shit on a plate and presented it as his final project. None of these guys understood true godding. Universes weren't meant to be just a random smattering of whatever a god found in his backyard at the time. They were meant to be intricately designed and perfectly fit together in such a way that all life within it couldn't help but realize the existence of the divine. How could anybody be certain of divinity within Aeron's universe of entropy and emptiness? "Braxis," the teacher said, approaching his desk. Braxis smiled. While to most these kids, they created universes purely to pass this class, but not Braxis. Even as a child, he had dreamed of creating the perfect universe, one where nothing existed without purpose, where everything was a reflection of an ultimate design. He had not thrown a bunch of dust in the air and called it a universe, no, he stayed up nights, scoured the realm for just the right materials, and at last, created his masterpiece. His universe floated from his desk and opened up in flashes of silver and gold. There wasn't a single thing that existed in a vacuum. Every part connected to every other. In a sense, his universe was a being in itself, nearly conscious of its creator. The teacher stared, his eyes wide and jaw dropped. He nodded at Braxis. "Very good job." A smile spread across Braxis' face. This was the moment he was waiting for, when he would finally prove his talent. "A." The teacher handed him his grade and moved onto the next desk. For a second, Braxis didn't breathe. He merely stood there, staring at the piece of paper with his grade on it. "You're telling me I did worse than Aeron?" Braxis blurted. All eyes turned to him. He knew he should shut up, that he was way out of line, but he couldn't help himself. "Worse than *that* asshole's universe?" The teacher turned around and glared back. "Excuse me? Are you questioning my judgement?" "You gave me an A when you gave a bunch of floating rocks in the air an A+! What the hell?" "Hey," Aeron said. "This is more than just floating rocks. My universe has fire too." "Fire?" Braxis screamed. "Your universe has fire? What are you going to tell me next? That the beings inside your universe are developed enough to walk and breathe at the same time? My beings are creating universes within my universe!" "Braxis," the teacher snarled. "Control yourself." "Or what? You're going to give Aeron an A++?" The teacher folded his arms in front of him and stepped up to Braxis. "No, I'll give you a D." Braxis's face flushed red. He stared at the teacher, his fists clenched at his side, but he knew better than to push his luck. After all, he was no idiot. The teacher gave him a small nod and turned to continue grading. "Smug bastard," Braxis said, like an idiot. "D-," the teacher said. "One more word from you and you fail my class. Go study Aeron's universe and learn a thing or two about intelligent design." Braxis clamped his mouth shut. He had a flood of words swelling up his throat, none of which would help him pass his class. So he kept quiet as class resumed. A wave of muttering and whispering followed after. At first, Braxis thought they were whispering about him, but when he turned toward the class, he saw them hunched over Aeron's world once again. They giggled and stared, fixated on a single thing. Braxis joined the circle. If the teacher truly wanted him to study Aeron's universe, then Braxis would learn all he could from it. Throughout the mutterings of the other gods, a single word kept coming up, an unpredicted development within Aeron's world--the hallmark of his intelligent design. Braxis looked around at the other gods. "What the hell is a meme?" --- --- /r/jraywang for 5+ stories weekly and ~200 stories already written! 