
His life had been a simple one, uncomplicated. What little excitement there had been surrounded expected events. Births of children and grandchildren, marriages, graduations. Though he had been a smart man, he never felt the need to work particularly hard, "furthering humanity" as some of his peers were compelled. There was the time, following several successful years as a Scout Master, that it was suggested that he run for mayor of the small town where he lived. He had laughed and said, "No thank you" to the members of the town council who had gathered on his doorstep. "He squanders his potential!" she had whined at the other ladies gathered around the table. They gathered every other day to play Bridge, drink mimosas, and humble-brag about the minor intercessions that they were allowed in the lives of mortals. "Everyone knows that if he wanted the VP job, he'd have had it long before that philanderer Jacobs was ever hired." she let out a slow breath, almost whistling through pursed lips. "No drive, no motivation" Grandma had been famous dancer back in the day. She was a regular on "Soul Train" and was in several scenes in Saturday Night Fever. She had started her own dance studio in the city and kept her instruction costs as low as she could in order to give as many kids a chance at a career. She had worked her feet to the bone, and then some. Practicing, paying dues, always just short, always just coming from behind. "I made it to level 60 before I was 65!" It was invariable that the other women would hear about how his grandmother had started a charity for retired artists. The organization had helped countless artists move off the streets and back into permanent housing by helping them do things as complex as recover owed royalties or as simple as apply for disability. It was a worthwhile use of her hard-won fortune and fame. When word came that he had finally died, 4 days after his 80th birthday, his grandmother was adamant. "A real level 25 if I've ever seen one!" "He'll be in heaven, living on the Lord's pity!" The "Vita" began to print. The first thing that anyone saw, after your name, was the score. This was followed by every interaction, thought, word, or action that changed your level and the commensurate "XP" change, positive or negative. The ladies read his name, and only one digit of his level. "3......." The grandmother sagged like wet cardboard. She could barely hold the paper as it poured from the printer in the way that always felt like it was decanting a whole life. There were no large changes in his score. None of the multi-level leaps that all of the highest level individuals possessed. Nothing attached to world changing events, nothing indicating that he radically changed humanity. What he did have was the "multiplier". The longer the string of positive or negative interactions, the greater the "XP" that the next was worth. His interactions were almost all positive. He had gone almost a decade without a negative score at one point. Simply making his wife tea at night without being asked had scaled to the point that it was worth the same relative XP at level 3000 as it had at 30. When some would've shaken their fists and yelled as they were cut-off in traffic, he just tapped his brakes and checked the rear-view mirror. When some would have railed at the "idiots" at work making their job more difficult, he quietly cleaned up the mess and moved on. When he was frustrated, he didn't take it out on his coworkers, wife, kids, or friends. All of the small things that could break a multiplier string. All of the small, seemingly inconsequential items that prevented almost everyone from achieving arch-angel status. He had avoided most of them. As he lay, dying in a hospital bed. His daughter asked him a question, though she well knew the answer and had heard it a thousand times. She wanted to hear it once more, so she asked, "Dad, how can I have a good life?" He smiled and his cloudy, shimmering eyes seemed to focus on a point ten feet above his bed. He whispered, trailing off, "Do unto others..." Edit: Wow, absolutely thanks everyone. I enjoyed reading all of your comments, and I'm pleased that this supplants my previous high karma statement which was a quote about a man in the depths of an ether binge. Special thanks to those that gilded. I'll have to sign into my account more often again and see what it does. 