
Another day, another struggle to adjust to this new world thrust upon us. I wake up and go through my morning routine. I've got class in an hour and a half. While brushing my teeth, I look at my four-leaf clover tattoo on my wrist; I thank God every day that I have this thing. It is undoubtedly the only reason I'm still alive. I head out of my apartment, onto the busy streets of San Francisco. I put in my Apple Airpods (due to the luck provided by my tattoo, I found a brand spankin' new pair just sitting on my porch the other day!). I close my eyes and listen to some of my favorite rappers, but I can't help but grow sadder and sadder as my walk progresses. All the rappers with teardrop tattoos can't stop crying these days. They've stopped making music. All the songs saved on my Spotify are throwbacks. Its tragic. Honestly, ever since our tattoos began to affect our reality, nothing's been the same. I look to my left, and a person who had a bible verse tattooed on his chest can now turn water into wine. Ironically, statistics show cases of alcoholism have spiked in numbers. I look to my right, and someone with their ex's name tattooed on their wrist is now forever unable to move on from the relationship, forever stuck in despair. But I tell ya, nothing's worse than the people who had random Chinese or Japanese symbols tattooed on them. They're wild cards, but one thing is certain: none of them speak English anymore. The suddenly-imposed language barrier is tearing families apart. It's utter chaos, but we'll figure it out. Anyway, I get to class, having to shimmy through a crowd of tribal tat tribesmen to enter the building. Unfortunately I made eye contact with one of them for too long, but due to the immense luck provided by my clover tattoo, his own primitive rage backfired on him and sent his sorry ass into cardiac arrest. Luck of the Irish! I make my way to my seat. I always sit in the back corner of the room. But as soon as I can see my chair, it becomes all too clear to me that it is taken. Not one to accept such disrespect, I pick up the pace, ready to beat the shit out of this dickhead for taking the seat I've been sitting in all semester. With my luck, it's near impossible to lose fights, so you'd best believe I was ready to throw down. Plus, in a world as fucked up as ours, asserting your dominance is key. But I stopped. Maybe it was my luck, but something told me I should check to see if this guy's got any tattoos. I may be lucky, but I'm not invincible. So I slow down my walk, my eyes still fixed on the seat thief. I check him out from bottom to top, and when my eyes reach his left hand, they widen. On the back of the hand he's got all 6 Infinity Stones tatted. I notice his shirt is a black graphic tee, with the original Infinity War comic book cover on it. At this point, my pants are soiled. He looks me in the eye, challenging me to say something. I don't. I'll find another seat. 