
Aren't cyborgs supposed to be humans with extra/replacement parts? If two cyborgs had a kid, wouldn't it be human? --- They sat in the living room of their three-man dorm. Alan had given up his dark skin and green eyes to take up a vaguely humanoid, glowing blue texture. Henry... still looked like Henry. He was designed that way. Terrence stood back to back with Alan, facing the other direction. His dark, leathery wings were slightly folded, going over a contract of sorts. Alan shrugged, smiling at his blank-faced robot friend. He extended his hand and tendrils popped out, coiling in on themselves and becoming balls similar to glowing yarn. "Well... if there are no humans left, what even is a human?" "Definition: Species Homo Sapiens *Sapiens*." Henry rolled out. "Personally, I believe they were the other creatures I interacted with who were not robots." Alan scoffed. "Clearly not." The glowing ball of yarn unraveled and fell back into his hand. As if it were not made of his own body matter, he started playing with it, making a cat's cradle. He does this for a while, Henry watching with very little input other than a slight fixation and lips moving as if attempting to speak. His throat moved as well, vocal cords and air all working in theoretical tandem, yet no sound came. This continues for a while. "Maxine is a vampire." "Yes." "...Good thing we don't have blood, right?" "...Do vampires really drink blood? My dictionary says they are a fictional species." "So are aliens and robots pretending to be humans. Of course they drink blood, Henry!" Terrence piped up. "Then what have they been drinking up to now?" "..." "..." "Terrence, have I ever told you how damn *weird* you were?" "No, but I never said anything when you extended your arm to catch a ball eighty feet away, either." "By the way." "By the way." Terrence repeated. Same tone and everything, but Alan somehow understood that that wasn't the intention. "You can summon a human, can't you?" "I can summon the spirits of the damned. But damn it, if we're not considering Bigfoot a human I'm not counting these as humans either!" "Terrence, for the last time, Bigfoot isn't real. And even if he was, he'd be about as human as the rest of us." *"You take that back."* They heard a dull beep, the sound of Henry's processors hitting their max. Terrence walked over, flapped his wings, and slammed the robot on the back. Henry mimicked a cough. It would have been disconcerting, but at this point it might as well have been a real cough. None of the rest of them were actually getting sick. "My apologies. I was trying to determine what goes into a vampire's diet." Alan sighed. "Henry, it doesn't matter. Terrence is just being a contrary asshole like usual." Terrence made a vague hand gesture like 'it's my job' but did not speak. "Probably fear or something, i mean, someone died." "No, but what if they were synthesizing blood and just killed people and drained their fluids for fun?" Henry broke from his regular monotone to at least act curious, if not the real thing. Terrence opened his mouth, but Alan shot him a look. "Look-Henry, just drop it. Since you blew your cover, we've had to take you to the technician at least four times." There was a solemn silence after that. Henry couldn't die, short of the demolition of his internal computer (inside titanium alloy skin and a diamond skeleton) but his complete silence was rather reminiscent of that. "...Perhaps we should go back to acting like humans." Terrence spoke finally. "I'm serious. Artificial blood is pretty easy to make-people do it all the time. They've been murdering and bathing in blood for jollies, and what have we done?" Henry pointed out helpfully. "Drop. It." 