
The group of congregated citizens sat around the table, attempting to advise the Mayor on the best course of action to tackle the devastation the recent hurricane left behind in the little town of Manho. "I feel like all I want to do is talk about the hole," announced Dave, a resident who lived close to the aforementioned hole in the floor. "Well, I'm not sure it would be wise to dedicate all of our time to the hole," said the Mayor, looking around at the various people sat at the table. "But if I'm being super real, I also just want to talk solely about the hole." "It's huge," said Claire. "It's just the way I'm sitting," said Carl, winking at Claire. "I was talking about the hole." "Please, let me mediate. I think what Carl is talking about is his penis," said the Mayor. "He's absolutely right," said Carl. "Why are we talking about Carl's penis?" asked Paul, the man who owned the backyard the hole was currently renting out. "I don't know, Claire brought it up," said the Mayor. "And a very strange thing to bring up, may I add. Especially considering the recent hurricane and hole." "I wasn't talking about his penis. I was talking about the hole. I want to talk about the hole," said Claire, slamming her fists in to the table. "OK. The hole it is," said the Mayor, looking around the table for approval and receiving it. "So, does anyone have a plan?" "Well, I personally believe there's an outside chance it's magical," said Bill, sitting at the opposite end of the table to the Mayor. "I don't want to jump to conclusions but it's most certainly some Great Deku type shit and one hundred percent magical." "What if there's slime down there like on Ghostbusters 2?" asked Laura. "What if it's a Ghostbusters 2 type of scenario? What then?" "What do you mean 'what then'?" asked the Mayor. "Well, what do we do with all the slime? Do you understand how much slime could be down there?" said Laura. "We don't even know if there's any slime down there yet," said the Mayor. "Paul, it's in your back garden, do you have any idea what it is? Where it leads to? How much slime would you say was down there?" "Ask Paul if he thinks it's magical," said Bill. "He's right next to you, Bill. Ask him yourself," ordered the Mayor. "I'm not speaking to him. The magic hole has clearly bewitched him," said Bill, moving his chair slightly further away from Paul. "First and foremost, I am not bewitched. Secondly, and far more importantly, we need to move on to more pressing matters than the hole," said Paul, adamantly. "That's exactly what the hole would say," said Claire. The sound of everyone's chairs slowly moving away from Paul could be heard. An obvious gulf in distance between the entire table of people and Paul emerged. The Mayor stood from his chair. "Clearly we cannot trust Paul as he is spellbound." "I'm not spellbound," said Paul. "It's just a hole. It's just a regular hole." The Mayor ignored him. "And we don't know who else is currently under the spell of the hole as it is undoubtedly cool and magical as fuck." The Mayor eyeballed the room, stopping on Dave. "Dave, you spoke earlier about not wanting to speak about anything other than the hole, but since we discovered it one hundred percent has intergalactic powers you haven't said a word. Explain yourself!" Dave jumped to his feet, "It is true. I am captivated. The allure of the hole is too strong for my feeble mind. I can feel myself becoming more one with the hole with each day that passes. Who knows what could be down there. The mystery is too strong. What if it is hiding cool wrestling figures from the 80's in the depths of its tummy? I can't deal with that kind of unknown." Paul interrupted, "guys, please let me speak. It's just a hole. It's not even that deep, I've dropped a torch down there. We need to focus on getting the roads operational otherwise people will struggle for drinking water." "What if it's a Macho Man figure?" asked Dave. The room gasped. "What if it's the ghost of Macho Man?" said Bill. The Mayor stood upon the table, "WHAT IF IT'S THE FUCKING GHOST OF MACHO MAN?!" "People are dying of hunger and thirst and this is how we're spending our time?" asked Paul. The Mayor, still on the table, began to crab walk around, "This is it, people. This is what puts us on the map. Grab your shit because we're going to speak to the ghost of Macho Man. To the hole!" **** I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement. 