
Kelis looked through her kitchen window, but she wasn't at all shocked by what she saw. The boys were back, the milkshake had brought them back to her yard. *Uhh, why couldn't I just stick with smoothies?!* She thought with pure annoyance. Luckily, after all those years of crowds of boys savagely invading her yard, she had come up with a plan, *a good plan, too,* she thought. Before the boys could reach her front door, she jogged towards it and loosened the wooden plank that rested above it, at least it would hold them out of her house. Next, she ran to her walk-in fridge, to retrieve a sack of premade frozen milkshakes, to use as decoys, they could also turn the boys against each other. She ran to her backyard sliding door and called for her dog, a large, muscular rottweiler named Sergeant. Once Sergeant was at her side, she returned to the kitchen and opened the bottom drawer to get her Remington Model 870, and a bag full of shells. This process didn't even faze her, at this point she was used to fighting off masses of milkshake-thirsty boys, it was her third or fourth time. The loud rambling going on in her yard wasn't very pleasant, Kelis could feel a migraine coming. She had learned that not all the boys behave the same way. The craving for Kelis's milkshakes though, made each of them 10 times fiercer. So you had the supposedly shy boys shouting their heads off and knocking desperately, but the "bad boys" were the reason why she had to buy a shotgun in the first place. Kelis reached the front door, and before going outside, she tried to calm the boys down a little. "Alright, you bunch of turds, I've got milkshakes for you, but you gotta stay still!" The shouting and ranting lowered mildly, but not too much, so Kelis decided to face them head-on. Right as she was about to open the door, the distinct drumming sound of an M4 carbine AR erupted, followed by shrieks and yells in all sorts of pitches. After the gunfire had ceased, Kelis slowly opened the door and peeked out. There, in the middle of countless bodies that were once the salvage boys, stood Kelis' neighbor, who owned a farm, Doja Cat. Kelis was very confused. *How did this twenty-something-year-old chick just do this?!?* She thought. Before Kelis could ask any questions, Doja spoke. "Yo, I saw these bastards coming up the hill and I just thought I'd help you out. I know I'm young, but, like, I've been having these fuckers trying to reach my farm for a week. I can't even make myself a milkshake! wonder what brings them here..." 