
Cara gulped as she walked across the corridors and cubicles. She kept staring in different directions. Sweat formed on her forehead. She was scared of what would happen next. Cara was the new intern in the office and she yet had to have an encounter with the infamous Mr. Blackfury. She had heard stories about him. The only dwarf in New York that lived worked in a building taller than 50 metres. He had quite the reputation as well. His face was said to be permanently contorted into a scowl and he was known for fits of anger while on the phone. Now that she was standing in front of the glass walls seperating his office from the other. They were draped so that no one could see inside. She could hear muffled shouting coming from the inside. Cara took a deep breath before she decided to open the door. Inside she found a dwarf sitting on a hilariously oversized swivel chair made from finest leathers in front of a mahogany desk. He was holding a telephone receiver in his hand, shouting obscenities from multiple languages into it. "I am telling you Fiorac, you will regret to not listening to me! No, no YOU listen to ME. I'm the broker here! I know my stuff Fiorac. I am telling you, the stock will go up. Yes, I saw the report. No I don't believe that dimwit. Stop bringing him up Fiorac, we both he's an idiot. Why do you keep defending him? Time and time again I've saved your pansy ass from being fucked by his predictions. Yes I goddamn you're capable of making your own decisions, but I'm telling you it's a stupid fucking plan. If you listen to him you'll have cash, but you might miss out on this opportunity to quintuple your investment. Okay, let's bargain here, what if you just keep some of the stock so you'll still make a profit..." On and on it went for 15 minutes. Not once did Mr. Blackfury look up from his phone. Cara just stood in the doorway, unsure what to make of this situation. An elf might have realized that this "Fiorac" client would not listen to them and would've given up. But not Grorric. Finally he concluded the call with "you won't regret this". As he set down the phone he finally seemed to register that Cara was in the room. "What're ye doing there? If you've got business with me speak or go." "Y- y- yes Mr Blackfury. It's about my quarterly review." "Well why do ye just stand there? Sit down!" Her boss studied her with a scorn as she found herself a seat. "Name?" "Uh, C- C- Cara Feinh." "Stop stuttering, I dinnae understand a thing ye said. "Cara Feinh, sir." "Ah yes, here's yer file." Cara shuffled around, grabbing her knees in anticipation of what her boss would say. This was her third job at a brokerage. She started to regret having spent two decades studying economics. "Miss Feinh, if I can call ye that, how old are ye again?" "Uh, I just turned 85." "Aye, so ye're fresh outta school aren't ye?" "Y- yes sir" "Ok, so lemme ask ye another question: What do you do if a client doesn't want what you're selling?" "W- well if they say no I try to be reasonable, u- unless their being unreasonable that is." "So ye just accept that? Lemme let ye into a secret. How long were ye listenin' tah me, laddie?" "A c- c- couple of minutes. Why?" "Do you know how often that client told me no? Fifteen times. And yah know why I didn't stop? 'Cause I'm a dwarf and we dwarfs are stubborn. Don't accept no Cara or yah won't be with us any longer. Now leave, 'cause I've got five other clients tah save from their stupidity." Cara awkwardly stumbled out of the office, after being shoved by a surprising amount of force for a man so small. And as she walked back to her cubicle, she felt excited to try out her new trick. &#x200B; 'Tis my first reply here, so feel free to criticize me. 