
The tennis ball settled softly against my foot as I typed that morning's expense reports. I kicked it gently away, sipping coffee. The ball, entirely by itself, rolled back to my foot. I picked it up and threw it out my back door into the dewy morning. My small living room rug folded itself like an accordion. Invisible nails clattered against the hardwood floor. Like waves in a monster movie, the tall grass in my backyard parted itself. The slobber coated ball deposited itself directly in my hand. I groped the air until I found a warm, fuzzy patch. "Good girl, Penny! You fetch pretty well for a dog with no body!" I didn't need to see her face to know that she was doing that head-cocked-to-the-side thing she always did whenever I said something nonsensical to her. She had a remarkable command of English, but abstract concepts like death would always elude her grasp. "You had cancer and I had you put to sleep, Penny. Why are you still here?" I felt a gentle, cold, wet pressure against my hand. A whine came from nowhere. I sighed. "Penny want ball?" ***BARK!!!*** ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Brian is the best human. He is always tired, always slow, but he has the best lap ever. His hands always smell like peanut butter. He could throw that ball thirty billion times and I'd never not want to fetch it. I'll never forget the first time Brian threw the ball. I was young. He had the ball. He rolled it softly towards me. I was afraid of it at first, but when he threw it out the door into the yard, I took off like a shot. I'd never wanted to chase something so badly. When he threw it again after I brought it back to him, I thought the joy would never end. I got old, and so did Brian. Then came the pain. Slight twinges in my stomach at first, followed by fire that wouldn't go away. I got very skinny and was very sad. Brian took me to the scary man with the cold table. The scary man with the cold table said I had "cancer." Brian cried a lot. Brian stayed home a lot, just to throw the ball. I couldn't always run, so sometimes, I sat in his lap with the ball in my mouth. Brian gave me kisses with tears streaming down his face. The day before I went away, Brian fed me an entire cheeseburger. Then, I felt terrible pain. Then, I was back in the living room. Brian had been crying again. He was drinking from a large brown bottle and looking at a picture of us. I barked and threw the ball. He screamed for a bit, and then calmed down. I was confused, and didn't understand until I looked in a mirror and didn't see myself. "Of course! Brian doesn't know it's me!" I thought. "Obviously, he thinks some other dog is barking at him from inside his house and I'm not there to protect him! Poor Brian! He's scared!" I didn't know how to write things or use the phone, so I did what I do best - I played ball. I threw that ball until, one day, Brian said my name. "Penny?" he asked. "Yes, it's me, stupid! Who else do you throw the ball to?" I replied. "Penny...Penny want ball?" He asked, trembling. "Yes, dummy, Penny wants ball!" I said back. He threw the ball and watched me set it down in front of him. He held out a hand. I put my head under it and barked. Brian started crying again, but he was also laughing, which was weird. "Good girl, Penny," he said, "Good girl!" He really is the best human. 