
I can do nothing but watch as a man bleeds to death in front of me, a crying child next to him, feebly calling out for this father. Even though I do not know the man personally, I know of him through my client - none other than the child beside him. But I can do nothing but sit and watch that harrowing scene unfold before me, for it is nothing more than a memory, a trauma which took deep root in that young mans mind, who, at the age of twenty-four, came to me in desperate need of help. I approach the dying man to get a closer look, and as I do so, the young boy turns to face me. I feel a shiver run down my spine as he locks eyes with me, I know in my heart he cannot see me, for I am nothing but an observer, but I can't help but feel put off nonetheless. I thought of it as nothing more than a coincidence that he looked my way. That was until he spoke to me. "Can you help me, mister?" he said, his gaze unwavering, "my daddy is hurt." I took a step back from him and stared around the room, wondering if there was a third person lying in wait. "Can you see me?" I asked the child, unable to force any other words out. "Can you help my daddy, mister?" I crouch down beside the boy and place a hand upon his shoulder, half expecting it to phase through his being. Even as my hand rested squarely on his shoulder I could not even comprehend that it had done so, and so I merely stared at it in disbelief, for a time far too long. I turned towards his father, still bleeding out upon the ground. He was unconscious, but his wounds were not deep by any measure. My client had told me that he was unable to do anything but sit and watch as his father bled to death, and that was the exact thing I was there to witness. But in that moment, for a reason beyond my understanding, I had managed to interact with that memory. I contemplated ejecting myself from the system, for I feared that a major malfunction was underway. But I had a curiosity burning within me that had accumulated over the last ten years of my job. Time after time I had to sit and watch as travesties unfolded before my very eyes, and there and then I perhaps had a chance to change things for the better, and so even if all my efforts amounted to was nothing more than altering the memory of my client, I wanted to try nonetheless. Not out of an obligation towards him, but born from a rather selfish compulsion of my own. Even though I had no proper training to speak of, I did what I could to save him. I had no phone upon my person, and knew not of the situation outside, and so I put all my conscious effort towards mustering up whatever forgotten memories of medical knowledge I had stored within my mind. I was in the middle of tying a makeshift bandage around the man when the entire world just disappeared before my very eyes, and I was back in my office once again, on the same leather recliner I always sat on when delving into minds. I turned towards the bed at my side, expecting to see my client, but it was empty. I jumped up from where I lay and rushed out into the main hall, much to the surprise of those waiting outside. I turned towards my receptionist, who had a rather puzzled look upon his face, and asked him what happened to my appointment with that man. He looked at me like I had just gone insane, for the man I spoke of was never a client of mine, even though I had seen him several times before. I headed back into my office and grabbed the nearest phone book, rifling through the pages until I found his name. It was a good thing that his surname was incredibly unique, for if it were not, I might never have found him as quick as I did. "Yulfric speaking," came the voice on the other line, undeniably the exact same as the client I once had. I stilled my ragged breathing before I spoke. "Ah, yes, this is Doctor Martin, I am a dive therapist at the Hallgreen Hospital." "I see," came the curt reply. "I apologize for calling you in this manner," I said, as I felt my heart thumping in my chest, "but I have been trying to get in contact with your... father. Is he available?" "My father?" he said, in a strange voice, "he passed away last year." "Ah," I said, "my sincerest apologies." I put my phone down and slumped down into my chair, unable to comprehend what had just occurred, and unable to hold back the frenzy now coursing throughout my body. Through heavy breaths, I spoke to myself. "What the hell did I just do?" * * * /r/khaarus 