
"The falls have a vertical drop of 165 feet," the guide's voice cackled out of the tour boat's loudspeakers, "it has the largest flow rate of any waterfall in North America." Max stood next to Jenny, wearing a plastic garbage bag with holes ripped for arms over his clothes. Jenny wore an actual rain jacket to fend off the misting waters at the base of the falls. "Stupid thing is always giving me problems," Max said, banging his ancient phone on the handrail and struggling to take a picture. He looked like a hobo, trash-bag, holes in his chuck all-stars, jeans splotched with paint from god-knows-what endeavor. "The hydroelectric power-plants at the falls produce over 4 million kilowatts of electricity, shared by the US and Canada," the loudspeaker's continued. Jenny chuckled, "I'll just send you mine when we get home Maxxy." She'd taken hundreds at this point, plus dozens of videos and panoramas on her newest model of the waterproof ePhone-Plus. "It's not about the pictures," Max had taken the battery cover off and was jiggling things around, "it's the principle of the thing." The screen flashed on, showing a picture of Max and Jenny smiling together in the background. "Just get a new phone," Jenny poked Max affectionately in the ribs. Max glared at her from under fogged, duct-taped glasses, "it's not broken yet, it's still got some years left in it. I just need to figure out..." He trailed off, poking at the screen. "That's weird." "Four of the five Great Lakes drain into the Niagara River before emptying into Lake Ontario," the tour guide informed them. The front railing beside Max and Jenny was crowded with tourists now, all snapping photos and recording video. Max held out his phone to Jenny, "did you send this or..." *OMG! Maxxy! Please tell me you're still alive!* Jenny looked unnerved, and shook her head no. "That's another reason why I wish you'd get rid of that damn phone," she said. Max's phone was a real piece of work, sometimes it would deliver messages and alerts minutes or hours late, and other times it would set off alarms too early, and still other times strange things like this would happen. They looked around the deck of the ship, the only two not looking up toward the falls. Nothing seemed wrong. "Let's go up to the bridge and try and chat with the captain," Jenny said, arranging her bedraggled hair into a neat ponytail, "see if anything's strange." "During the last Ice Age, starting about 1.7 million years ago, continental glaciers up to two miles thick covered the Niagara Frontier region," the speakers rang out. "Sure." Max said, absently tightening the straps on the mandatory life-jacket all the tourists had to wear. He looked around for the life rafts, and his eyes darted around the deck, pausing on rope-hooks, ladders, and other hazards. Jenny grabbed his hand and pulled him toward the ladder up to the bridge. On the bridge, Jenny started a flirty conversation with the skipper, asking about all the dials and gauges at the helm. Max stood off to the side sleeves wet outside his garbage bag, looking around the deck. He didn't know when the message was from, it was fairly random, it might even have been from hours later. Still, he could feel sweat mixing with the misty waters of the falls. A sharp cracking sound split the air, followed by gasps from the people on deck. Everyone was looking upward now, pointing. Mutters turned to shouts turned to screams. Max looked up to see smoke rising from the falls and debris launched out into the air like some sort of fireworks show. There were splashes as fragments of turbine hammered the water around the tour boat. Then a deafening crash as a piece slammed into the crowded front observation deck of the ship, ripping it asunder. Jenny let out a scream as she and Max clung desperately to the rail of the jarred and sinking ship, the front pummeled into non-existance. Max stared in wide-eyed horror at the wreckage of the place they had been standing not five minutes earlier. The captain shouted a flurry of codes and maydays into the radio as water rapidly flooded in. Max grabbed Jenny's hand and they climbed out and swam awkwardly away from the wreckage. "Jenny, give me your phone--" Jenny looked confused-- "right now!" She handed it over and Max began typing: *OMG! Maxxy! Please tell me...* --- edit: changed the ending. 