
Garnel's nomadic experience wasn't going as he'd expected. His steps were too short, and so he got tired often and travelled little. However, things had been fine until he embarked into the orange, course tides of the Sahara. He was not good at managing resources, and so he'd to use some of his leprechaun magic to survive. He thought he'd find cafes in the middle of the boiling ocean of sand. But that hadn't been the case. He, however, by sheer accident, found an old, lackluster lamp. Well, to be honest, he got his feet trapped in its handle. In time, the lamp vibrated, and coils of red steam poured out from within, gathering in the empty air before Garnel's eyes, until it coalesced into a scarlet, sentient, being. "A genie? I thought you were mythical creatures and not real at all," Garnel said, in awe. The genie eyed Garnel sidelong and askant, his arms crossed. "Are you kidding me? Do you realize you are glowing golden and four leaf clovers are literally sprouting out your ass? You are surprised I'm real?" "Well...yes," Garnel said and grinned a spinach-stained grin. "Is that wrong?" "Not wrong," the genie said, and shook his head, "just strange and stupid. What are you even doing here?" "Well, I was tired to live at the end of the rainbow," Garnel said, his expression suddenly sullen, "and so I decided to leave my roots, my pot of gold behind, and travel across the rainbow for a change. You?" "Change is a risky thing, but boredom is much worse," the genie said, and nodded. "I was left here after fulfilling my last master's three wish--" "I'm your master now," Garnel said, grinning mischievously. "You owe me three wishes too, leprechaun." Garnel's heart thumped. It beat against his chest as if wanting to escape. What was this sudden feeling? His eyes glowed with excitement, gold fell out his ears, and their clovers blessed him with an idea. "I wish to not owe you any wish!" they both said in unison. "Fuck." "Fuck." They stared at each other for a long moment, no words spoken. They knew that if they said that at the same thing the wishes were cancelled, as if they had never uttered a word. They had to find an opening. "This is stupid," the genie said, "let's just agree to not owe each other any wish--" "I wish to not owe you any wish!" Garnel said, and smiled as he felt the shackles of his magical bond breaking. "Now, slave of mine, let's have some fun." "That was unfair, you are a little bastard." "Well, mythical thing, you have wishes and a lamp," Garnel said and his visage gleamed with joy. "But we leprechauns have wishes *and* luck." ----------------------------------------- /r/AHumongousFish 