
"It's hell on earth, huh?" "That it is." I sipped from my coffee cup, the irony of the stranger's statement did not elude me, but I grew numb to the over-blaring word-play, even if it wasn't intentional. "Good day." I raised my vending-machine espresso for a toast -gratified by a nod- before turning away from the high-set TV that reported of another terrorist attack and heading for my gate, my luggage wheeling on behind me. The queue wasn't particularly long, nor short as I waited to show my boarding pass, all of us deadly quiet. If only they knew of the knowledge curated within the walls of my skull; it would be pandemonium. Or to serve the purpose of a phrase; "hell on earth," this time, I smiled. "Flight MK - 735 to-" I adjusted my suit jacket and pulled out a copy of the bible, flipping the pages with legs crossed. "Religious?" Asked the man beside me. I threw him a glance, he was a relatively old gentlemen with most of his beard showing the white of old age and wrinkles lining his face, yet his smile was one that spoke of equal amount experience in this supposed hell, as well as optimism. I found that "contentment" was the only word that could be used for it, a compromise that came from the realisation that happiness just meant that one had not lived for long enough. "Let's just say that I am an enthusiast." I replied, giving my most warming smile. The man chuckled, clearly pleased with my response, "good answer, David." My eyes widened with a start. "How do you know my name?" The man tried to hide his humour, before pointing to my lap. I looked down, my movement slow and prudent. "Your boarding pass." He said, still holding his innocuous and yet knowing smile. "Oh," I chuckled, "I'm sorry, long day." "No worries. So what do you think of the bible?" "Are you a religious man?" "Me? I guess you could say that, though I doubt God would approve of me." A wry laugh coming from him. I echoed his chuckle, "he is hard to please." "That he is." After a moment of silence, I decided to answer his query "I think it is what the bible represents to me, the stories are a reflection of our psyche, of what we fear in ourselves and of what we could become. Of the failures and of their consequences." The man's lips curled downwards as a sign of his approval, he was impressed. "You have a way with words young man, and a good eye." I shrugged. We remained quiet for a while, the rest of the airport seemingly distant, far away from our little conversation. That was when I noticed I still didn't know the man's name, "what may I call you?" I asked, extending a hand. The man shrugged, extending a hand of his own to shake mine. "I go by many names, but I guess you could call me Satan." At first, I thought - I hoped - he was kidding. But his smile turned into a grin that went from ear to ear. "I hope you have been enjoying your stay here thus far, David." *** #/r/KikiWrites Part 2 and 3 are down below! Edit: this has officially passed the threshold for my most upvoted story. Thank you to everyone who read it and I am glad you guys enjoyed it! Edit 2: Thank you so much for the gold stranger! I am so happy to see you guys enjoyed this story! Warms my heart. 