
"Uriel." The man at the coffee shop table smiled, and bobbed his head in acknowledgement. Even I had to admit it was kind of funny seeing him in this context. The Archangel, a 6 and a half foot, muscled man with pure white hair, dark eyes, and a perfectly chiseled face. His age was hard to guess, it could've been anywhere from 25 to 45. Of course he was actually just over 4000. He had a perfectly normal looking wooden cane, but I knew it could transform into a silver blade coated in flame. This was my arch-nemesis, the driving force of half of history, me being the other half. And here he was, at your local Starbucks. I drew a couple of stares as I walked towards the table Uriel was sitting at. Some from women who had been staring at Uriel, now looking at me with a curious expression, but mostly it was guys staring open-mouthedly. In spite myself I smirked. This was what I fought for...freedom of emotion. Freedom to gape at a short raven haired beauty with deep green eyes as she walked towards an equally pretty man. As I sat down at the table, Uriel looked none too pleased at the stares we were drawing. "Look at this..." He stumbled for a moment and then frowned, "what name are you going with nowadays?" His voice was disapproving. "Lisa," I said simply. "*Lisa*," he spat out, "you think yourself one of the mortals, to name yourself as one of them?" This always happened, our talks never got anywhere because of shit like this. "Well I can't go around calling myself 'snake' now can I? And anyways, *I* am free to do what I please, and I would appreciate if you kept your thoughts to yourself!" My hand thumped on the table with the last word and Uriel flinched. "My apologies...Lisa," Uriel mumbled, "I meant no offense." Mortal enemies we may be, but we were unable to harm one another, so there was no reason to not be polite. "Of course, of course, sorry for my outburst." We sat awkwardly in silence for a minute or two. This too, always happened. Every century or so, we arranged to meet up in person, to catch up, share tales, discuss ideas. Take a break from trying to undo one another's life goals. But despite being the perhaps the two most interesting people on the planet (not the universe though) our talks often drew to silences like this. I broke the silence first. This time would be different, dammit. "I...why do we do what we do?" Uriel groaned. "Are you really going to try to convert me to your view again?" "Hear me out," I said, careful to keep my composure. Uriel settled back in his chair with is arms crossed, somehow managing to look dubious. I took a deep breath. "What if neither of us is the good guy?" Uriel cocked his head, and raised an eyebrow at me. "What do you mean?" "You know," I started, "I always assumed we were supposed to work against each other. Me trying to liberate people, to give them choice, and you trying to give them stability, happiness." "Yeah right, *choice,* just as you gave Adam and Eve the choice eh?" Uriel sneered. "See that's it! That's what I mean," I practically shouted, drawing some stares. "We do things to oppose each other and our victories *never* work out." "I wouldn't say never..." Uriel began. I rushed to continue before he could start. "World War II, you wanted to make the Germans happy, make an empire that lasts an age. A second Roman Empire. And you ended up with the Nazis." Uriel face twisted in rage, "I never meant for those things to happen! The mortals twisted my intention!" I held up my arms in a gesture of peace. "I know, I know...and that's my point. I inspired Adam Smith to write the *Wealth of Nations* to make a fair, ability based society. Capitalism. I ended up with the most corrupt system in the history of man. You founded the Roman Empire to last the ages...a haven for all, it ended up being as discriminatory as all the empires before it. I influenced the American revolution to found democracy, and today it money carries more weight than voices. I could go on and on. It never works. Alone we may win temporarily, but in the long term we lose regardless, the mortals twist our intentions. *We* twist our own intentions." Uriel was listening intently, I had him entranced. "So what do you suggest, we...join forces?" I imagined working with Uriel and burst out laughing, I just couldn't help it. Even Uriel cracked a smile, no doubt imagining the same scenario. Our views were so out of sync...we could never *work* together. I controlled myself, wiping tears from my eyes, and said "No. Here is what I suggest," I took a deep breath, "Fuck this." Uriel looked confused. "Screw altering history, forget opposing each other, we just live. Roam the world, drink in the sights, let the mortals do what they do, what's it to us?" Realization dawned on his face. "Just forget it all? Walk away?" Uriel asked, his voice small. "At least try. If it doesn't work out we get back to it, and it's not like we don't have time to spare." Uriel was about to buy into it. I knew it. I just had to seal the deal. "So how about we take a holiday? I think we've earned it after 4000 years of work," I finished. Uriel thought for what seemed like an eternity. Then he nodded. We ordered some coffee. *** Inspired, in part, by *Good Omens* by Pratchett and Gaiman (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out my new subreddit [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 