
"Another one of your boys came by today," I said, setting the dish on the table. "Red hair, good with an axe. He might've been a good match." Alara sighed, but let out a slight laugh. "How much longer until you think the old man gets the hint that this isn't working?" She set the plates and silverware down in our usual places around the table. "I think he's been getting more desperate, I've captured about one every other week now." Alara's father had sent her to me nearly 10 months ago. Some ploy to find the bravest suitor in the land to rescue her from me, Desdelcus, the "Demon King" and marry her off. Truth was I was nothing more than a 4000 year old cannibalistic Dark Mage who was a remnant of the Great Storm Wars who's really good at regenerating himself, and occasionally feeds on anyone trespassing. Not a demon. Not a king. "I'm so done with all of this," Alara said again, leaning against the banister. I was planning on eating her when she had first arrived, but I decided to instead use her as bait to attract more meals. My condition required I eat at least one human a month. Not ideal, but hey? It takes a lot to live forever. Overtime, I realized I decently liked Alara. We weren't lovers, no. But friends. I imagine that if I had ever had a daughter, or perhaps a younger sister, she would have been like Alara. She had been upset that her father had dumped her off here for quite some time. King Dronius had 9 daughters, and Alara was his youngest. He and I had never gotten along, what with his "expel the Demon King!" mentality and my "I'm seriously just a guy who needs to feed on humans" mentality. I opened my mouth to respond to Alara, but nothing came out. After almost a year of living together, I was still not used to actually BEING with someone. "Ugh, the blasted meat is undercooked again," she threw the plate down in the table, upset with herself. "Can't you just heat it up with your magic like you normally do?" I grabbed the plate and recited the Incantation of Flame. A small flame appeared in my palm and I held it near the meal. The meat grew darker in the heat. Alara looked at the flame in her usual awe, but turned away when she saw me smiling at her. "Alara..." I stammered. "You know, I...I could teach you." "What?" She looked confused. "Teach me how to make good chicken? What is that supposed to mean?" "No, no. Teach you what I know." I ignited a small flame like I just had done. "Dark Magic." She watched the fire dance along my fingertips. I could see it in her eyes, she followed the embers as they sparked up, gleefully. She met my gaze and smiled. "When can we start?" 