
"Oh, and that's a bad miss." "Indeed it is, Richard. Half the milk's on the table now. I'd pass it off as simple drunk clumsiness, if he wasn't as sober as a Mormon." You sat dumbfounded on your couch, listening to your daily routine being narrated in dulcet tones. You had already restarted the podcast several times, and now were idly wondering if you had gone off the deep end. "And now, an interview with Karen Lewis." There was a short trumpet melody. You debated turning the podcast off entirely. After all, you'd experienced this one before. "Thank you for being with us today, Karen. You work two cubicles down from our "cereal-killer", if I'm not mistaken?" A polite giggle, very feminine and *very* familiar. You began to sweat slightly. "That's right, Arnold. If it makes any difference, he's not very good at getting water from the dispenser, either." Your mind worked desperately as the narrators chuckled, racing through past memories. She hadn't been watching your daily water struggle, had she? "...I had told the boys in the editing room, too. I told them, 'the man can flirt with the best of them, just as long as she doesn't see him try to do anything else.'" "You didn't!" Karen shrieked delightedly. You groaned, your future hopes for an office romance being shattered with every word. "He's handsome enough, I suppose, but I get the feeling that it's only skin deep, you know?" She continued, speaking in that special tone achievable only by gossipers on talk shows. "And only above the belt," one of the narrators added archly. This was greeted by more laughter. This was unbearable. Not only was your self-esteem being ravaged, it was being done Daily Show style. "...Well, we definitely enjoyed having you in here today, Karen. I'm sure Arnold agrees when I say: we should have had you on here sooner." "Thank you all, I had a wonderful time!" Karen sounded genuinely happy, something you had never heard during your conversations with her. "That was our Morning-Shift Office Talk, with the lovely Karen Lewis. Now for Lunch, followed by a special interview with Gyro Cart owner Micheal Anastas." "Ah, here he goes now, Richard. Been listening to a podcast all morning instead of doing work, now he's clocking out early for lunch." "It's amazing he still has this job, Arnold." You listen for over an hour, occasionally pacing back and forth, as every aspect of your day is picked apart and utterly defiled by this mysterious set of narrators. As the podcast draws to a close, however, one last exchange sends you over the edge. "Heartfelt thanks to everyone who's made this cast possible, and to all of our listeners who keep us in production. This was "You", by Richard Morrin and Arnold Carver." "Speaking of production, we're just about to start recording for the next episode. Stay tuned for tomorrow, folks." More soothing trumpet music played in the background as you began tearing your living room apart in search of bugs. 