
I decide to confront Paul about the whole thing. Laying in my hospital bed I stew as well wisher after well wisher come in to sign my cast. My surgeon says that I was lucky to come out of the thing with just a broken arm and whip lash. Seeing the pictures of my trashed car I agreed. On the day I was going to get discharged Paul finally showed up and offered me a ride home. "Nah man, sit down. I need to talk to you. close the door please. Ok, so here's the thing. That bear you gave me? It saved my life. The air bags didn't deploy and I'd probably cracked my skull if it wasn't for that thing. I'm grateful, I really am but... this wasn't the first time Paul. Remember that odd sweater you gave me at the office party? The one that just said (SPORTS) on it? I had it shoved in the desk drawer for a month when one day when I had a presentation someone, Kate I think, spilled some coffee on my shirt so I used it to cover the stains. The presentation was about the new sports drink we're about to launch so the whole thing took well and I got a decent bonus out of it." Paul was silent and just sat there looking at me oddly. In my head this would be the part where he broke down and confessed to... I don't know, calling 800-oracle or something! I dug deeper for more ammo. "Ok, what about that Aprils fools day joke gift? You sent me a bag of marbles. That same I was walking down the street and the marbles spilled everywhere tripping the guy behind me. It was only when I tried to help him up did I see the gun in has hand. He had his gun out Paul! Probably was going to shot me in the back and run if it wasn't for those stupid marbles!" Pauls expression remained the same. I was getting unnerved by this point and started talking even faster. "Fine, lets say one, two even three of those were coincidences. The fuck was with that tiny fire extinguisher you gave me as a birthday gift? The thing was barely bigger then my palm so I thought it was toy. Do you know how I found out it was real Paul? Do you remember? Ofcourse you do. You refused to chip in for the cake at work right? You instead got an actual fire extinguisher for when the candles literally lit my sleeve on FIRE! Paul, what are you exactly. Just tell me alright." Paul opened his mouth and in a very guarded tone said "I'm giving you a ride home. I think you should just come along alright." I remembered his words as the taxi swerved off the road and off the highway. I closed my eyes and regretted declining his offer before the world went black. 