
There was a tenderness to the dimness of the lights. If the weariness hadn't left my eyes, I'd have stayed, resting, a long while. I rose to my feet, yawned as I stretched. Then, as my gaze slid from side to side, my heart leapt. Why were the doors opened? Why weren't we moving? Had I reached the last stop? Cursing under my breath, I stepped outside. Not a step, not a word, not even the soft rustle of a paper wheeling in the wind could be heard in the station. How odd this all was. Drawing deep breaths, crowding my mind with colorful thoughts, I walked across a long corridor, up a set of stairs, and toward the city outside I went. The city was mute and desolated. Even the trees were still, their leaves thoroughly immobile, as though the breeze had forgotten to exist. In that moment, hearing the lack of noises, everything within me shattered like stone-struck glass. I couldn't wrap my head around what was happening. My feet moved, I moved, but I did so aimlessly, and fueled only by the necessity of finding someone. A hand fell upon my shoulder. I sprung in place, whirled. There, a small lady, her face a maze of wrinkles, stood. She was clad in a long, black dress; her silvery hair fell and caressed her shoulders, thin yet elegant. She stared at me through faint, fading green eyes full of kindness and curiosity. I swallowed hard. "Mom? Is that you?" She reached for my cheek, pinched it. "I missed you, Tom. I missed you each and every day. This place is lonely, a cage of eternal solitude. But you are here now, and you are here to stay, at last, with me." My brows knitted, and for the brevity of a breath, the well of memories rose and overflowed, and in it, I drowned. My mother had passed twenty years ago. She was in her fifties, and even in her last days she looked no older than thirty. This woman had her same voice, her same features: the feline curvature of the eyes, the sunken cheeks and pronounced cheekbones; even her gestures were a perfect mimick, but now they were covered in the mask of old age. "Am I dead?" I said, and my heart ached. "I have yet to find another explanation." Her pale lips quirked upward into a smile. "But now that you are here, does life and death really matter? This world is ours. We can do as we wish in here." She lifted a trembling hand, and a distant car rose midair. "Try it." I imitated her motion, set my eyes on another car. It was a peculiar sensation, as if I were holding a feather on my palm. It was weightless, yet still I could feel something there. And so I lifted it, and the car rose along. "Very well," my mother said, but her timbre had changed. It was lower now, and it rumbled in my chest. I turned to her, and her face, like fresh paint, was melting; her wrinkles hung down her chin, falling in pools on her dress, slinking down the cracks of the concrete. I gasped, took a step back. My heart thumped. My thoughts eddied. Immobile and stolid she stayed, her eyes set on the sunset, until she was no more than a puddle. "Mom?" My heartbeats quickened. "What is happening? What is this place?" My heart thundered and ached. "Am I dead? Is this the end?" My chest burned. It seared. I fell to my knees, pressed my chest tightly. "Help!" The world twisted, distorted, and commingled into a single diminutive point, giving way for the blackness to enfold me. My eyes were heavy, my insides hollow. Perhaps, this was my end-- The point burst with tendrils of colors. They filled the darkness, intertwining with one another, creating a myriad of shapes. They were hazy, as if unfinished, and terribly vibrant. I blinked once, twice, thrice. A lump moved, murmuring, above me. I reached for his words, tearing apart the ocean of confusion, and there, distant yet clear, I found them. "You had a heart attack in the subway. You are at the hospital now. You are going to be all right. Stay calm. You are safe now." ------------------------------------ r/NoahElowyn -- Consider checking it out if you enjoyed it. I have more stories over there! 