
I was finally in DreamGirl779's apartment. There are a lot of disgusting flourishes here and there, like a poster of some Asian boys in makeup on a stage and some fake puppet animals. There are also dishes and cups all around, unwashed and fermenting, and - "Who the fuck are you?" a voice asks. I turn around, and point my katana at the visitor, who screams. "DreamGirl779?" I say. "Have a seat on your couch." With a whimper, she agrees. I pull up a chair, and sit across from her. "You know why I am here," I say. I feel calm, and collected, following the script I'd planned out, something Dexter would have said. "Umm...did the landlord send you? I promise. It's just been hard getting the rent together with the freelancing-" "What? No," I say, closing my eyes, trying to figure out what Dexter would say. "Your landlord did not send me. Now do you know?" "I...I really don't." I don't know what to say. So I set my katana down next to me, just for a second, and pull up the quiz on my phone. I show it to her. "7%," I say. "Do you really think I'm a 7% psychopath?" "This...this is what you came for? I wrote that in college when I was high one-" "I expected at least above a 60%. But clearly your quiz is mislabeled, and uninformative." She looks at me for a second, as if seeing me for the first time, and the sudden lack of fear in her eyes disturbs me. "I'm sorry," she says. "I just don't see it." "What?" "I mean, where's the fear? The menace? All I'm really getting from your direction is a bunch of complaints." I brandish the katana in her face. "Take the katana out of it, and you're just like a Karen at the supermarket complaining about prices to the manager." "What? What's a Karen?" She doesn't respond, and leans back with a smug smile on her face. "I am going to kill you!" I say, standing up. She takes a look at me. "Sure. But you'll still be at 7%." I feel the energy, the malicious energy that takes over when it's time to murder, spreading from the redness of my vision to the tingle in my arms. But instead of death and blood overwhelming my mind's eye, all I see is the number 7... I drop the katana to the ground. "How can I get above 7%?" I ask. "Well," DreamGirl779 says, picking up the blade. "A katana is really an overcompensation, isn't it..." - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 