
######[](#dropcap) They took Jacob home from the hospital that day. It was a cold winter morning, wind gusting, snow falling around that it piled the streets, rolling hills of white where sidewalks had once been. They feared for Jake -- he'd been born thin and frail -- but it mattered not. He was lucky. "Did we make the right decision?" Ron, who was Jacob's father, had asked. He drove, the tires wanting chains, his thoughts elsewhere than the dangerously slick road afore him. Now and then his vision blurred, and he found he could not shake a feeling of unease. "If his stats go into luck, won't he be lacking in all else?" "No," Doctor Elliot had said. "You don't know what will happen. You could be lucky through terms of strength, agility, or intellect. Perhaps he'll turn out handsome. But that's the beauty of it," Elliot said, pausing, if done for dramatic effect, Ron thought, then it was done rather well. "You have a set amount of stats, so putting all into luck might drastically increase the chances of your child becoming exemplary in multiple. And, you'll make your family luckier all the same." "How so?" Jacob's mother, Maria, had asked. She was rocking on the balls of her heels, seemingly troubled, unable to sit. "Say you try your hand at lottery. Next time you do, ask your son to pick the numbers." It was all Elliot would say. Presently, Maria said, "Eyes on the road, please." "Don't matter. He's lucky." They arrived safely. Perhaps the engine block would crack later under frozen coolant, perhaps the tires would overly harden, but Ron no longer cared. He doubted it would, if the doctor's words held true. Moreso was he convinced that Elliot *had* given the truth; later, watching the news, they discovered that they had driven through some massive blizzard and crossed over unscathed. "Time just flies, doesn't it?" Jake was ten, now celebrating a birthday midst a clear January day. Ron stood watching, his gaze flicking across to where clouds hovered over the horizon, portents to another violent storm. Maria nodded, smiling. She spared a backhand glance as Jake made for the streets, whose traffic lights abruptly switched from green to red (a malfunction, it was said later in the news). Ron grinned too and at length reminisced. They had taken the doctor's advice and asked Jake to pick the numbers. The next morning had they awoken to their faces plastered over their smallish television screen. They were no longer poor! -- they realized, elated, and made out that morning to purchase a large flatscreen. Time passed again, so quickly that when Ron next found a need to stop and remember, they stood before Jake who was now eighteen, just graduated from high school. He'd applied and been accepted to Harvard, Cambridge, and Yale, each of whom had granted scholarships. They'd also qualified for financial aid and been given by the government a rather sizable sum. "Why?" Asked Ron. He'd called the doctor the other day. "Luck is beautiful, isn't it? See how one lucky family member might make a difference?" "Yeah, but we don't need the money." With their remaining lottery winnings had the family invested into various stocks; in the midst of this minor recession, all of Ron's investments were only rising evermore. "Simple. Your child needs a family. Thus does his luck extend, in part, to you." There was a lull in conversation, during which Ron mulled this over. Could he attempt to skydive at this age? He had heart problems -- it ran in the family -- and therefore had never gone. It had been a dream of his since childhood. "Remember," said Elliot. "Don't do anything too extreme, though. Luck can only go so far." *** They stood now over Jake's sickbed, in that same hospital from which Jake had been birthed into this world. Ron, nearing seventy, stooped, leaning heavily on his cane. He turned to call Maria then, with a start, remembered she had died only a year past. He shook his head; his mind was failing. Elliot entered the room, trailed behind him Ron's extended relations. When it was announced that Jake had fallen ill, all rushed to stand beside -- how could he die? they wondered -- for he was the luckiest among them. "He's going to be alright," said Ron and, in his mind had there been no other course. Jake was lucky. But the doctor shook his head. "He joined the track team. In one race, his heart just . . . gave. Stopped beating a moment, and there really isn't anything else we can do." Ron was dumbstruck. How could his son, his boy, the luckiest man alive, die at so young an age? Eventually, he said, "Well, get him a pacemaker, then. We have the money. We can pay." "We're out. The storm's been blocking shipments, and we used one in surgery the hour before your son was brought in." "So there's nothing we can do?" Elliot was silent a moment, seeming to deliberate over which words to choose. "No," he said at last. "There isn't anything. See, that's the problem with luck. It's a beautiful thing, sure, but luck always runs out in the end." *** /r/Lone_Wolf_Studios for more! 