
Erio ambled across the local park. His bright, fire-colored eyes danced from flower to flower. Many things crowded his mind, but nature was his solace. And so, unaware of the looks he gleaned, he sat by an unfurled rose standing in solitude amidst the green grass blades. His fingers traced its velvet-soft petals, and with each heartbeat, the little things causing mischief in his head faded glacially away. There was time to think, and there was time to feel. Here, in the park, beneath the blazing sun, there was no place for the former. He sniffed the rose, and its arome traveled down his nostrils, all the way to the inmost burrows of his heart, filling them, to the brim, with happiness. "You will grow even more, and you will be even more beautiful," he murmured to the rose, and the rose teetered as though flattered. At that moment, a passing gust carried an errant balloon to Erio. He looked at it a little bit confused, but then his eyes drew upward, and there he found a little girl. She had short, sun-kissed curls, and sky-bright eyes. "What are you doing?" she said, curious as she gathered his balloon. Erio's brows knitted, but they soon loosened. "I'm marveling over the rose's beauty. Isn't she perfect? Look at how shiny its petals are." "It is," the girl said, her fingers gently touching the fiery flower. "It's very pretty." Butterflies flitted in Erio's heart when she heard her words, for they were pure and true. "Could you look at the sky for me?" "Yes," she said, and her eyes got lost in the clouds. "It's a shiny day." "It is," Erio said, and with a swift motion of his hand, as if he were caressing the sun, a patch of sky turned the color of roses, and that patch crumbled and rained down on them in the shape of endless petals, swaying in the breeze, wheeling, pirouetting, until a red carpet of petals lay beneath their feet. The girl's jaw dropped a little, and her eyes twinkled with wonder and curiosity. "How did you do that?" "I was born with it. My name is Erio, and I'm the God of Petals. It's a pleasure to meet you." "A god?" She covered her mouth with her free hand. Then, she turned. "Mom, did you see that?" A woman watching from the distance came, nodding and at a loss for words. At last, she reached Erio, rested a hand on his shoulder, and said, "Could you make petals rain in my wedding day?" "That day, call my name, Erio, and the petals will rain." Joyous, the girl and her mother left the park. Minutes later, an old lady with a great arched back and a cane came to him. "What you did was wonderful," she said, and smiled a toothless smile. "It's been a long time since I saw such a young face shining with such happiness." Erio held her eyes. They were frail and faint, but beautiful in their own way. "She was happy, wasn't she?" "She was," the old woman said, and her gaze strayed to the rose beside Erio. "Roses are beautiful. My husband used to gift me bouquets upon bouquets of them before he passed. He said if passion had a form, it would be that of roses: gorgeous yet with the occasional thorn." Erio nodded, and in his hand myriad petals bloomed. They intertwined with one another, piling up upon each other, but slowly shaping themselves into something. At last, what they were forming became clear: a bouquet of roses. "Here," he said, and held it out for her to grab it. The old woman gasped, and reached for it. Tears streamed and slinked down the wrinkles on her cheeks. "Oh, Erio! My heart is beating like it hasn't done in decades. Thank you. I will never forget your name." In time she was gone, and there, beside the flower, Erio remained, forgetting, second by second, the troubles in his mind. Perhaps, he thought, deed by deed, he would be great at some point. But for now, only happiness mattered. 