
A hand. Really? They couldn't have at least left it in a zip lock bag or rolled up in a handkerchief? Well, beggars and all. At least it wasn't dirty. Rather clean actually. And was it...cauterized? Whoever did it, did a good job. No blood stains, thank goodness. Those would have taken some serious effort to get out of the counter tops. Like she needed more to add to her chore list today. "Alyssa! Can I talk to you, honey?" Her voice echoes through the kitchen and up to her child's room. Got to love acoustics. "Be down in a bit mommy!" Moments pass and then a little red headed, sweet face angel in a blue jumper comes dashing down the stairs. She's told her before not to run down them. Kids will be kids. "What is it mommy?" Cute, with a bit of cheek. Just like her mother. She shows the girl the hand, to which she leans back, mildly disturbed. "Eeeww. It's so hairy!" "Yes honey. Very hairy. With a Rolex I might add. Did your friends leave this?" She nodded, happy to move onto another subject. "uh-huh. You said they could stay if they paid rent." Her voice rises in mind panic, afraid her mother will change her mind. With a sigh, she slaps the hand down onto the counter and washes her own hands. "Alright honey. I just needed to know. Next month, can you please have them do mommy a big favor and remove the items off of the bodies? I don't care if they kill them, just don't go bringing limbs home. You know how squeamish your father gets around blood and loose parts." Alyssa nodded, reaching her hand back for a stray cookie hanging out of the jar. Without turning, her mom playfully spoke, "And how we feel about you having sweets before breakfast." This was met with a squeak. Setting the drying towel on top of the hand, she handed a sack lunch and thermos to her daughter. "Now, finish getting ready. The bus will be here soon. You know the rules." The girl nodded vigorously. "Uh-huh. Don't tell anyone about the "guests" in the house. Not even my teacher" "Especially your teacher." "Ignore all strange sounds I may hear while riding the bus. Don't dance in mushroom rings. And..and" her face scrunched in concentration. "And don't follow or talk to fae. You don't know what deals they'll try to make or what food they'll offer you. It's better to leave them be. Now give mommy a kiss." She bent down as her daughter leaned in to kiss her cheek and receive a hug. "There's a good girl. Have a good day at school honey." "I will mommy." She turned back to the money, the door closing sounding in the background. Flipping through the bills, she softly counted. Five grand. This would be more than enough for the month. She would have to write up an official contract later and have her friends sign it. Didn't need anyone reneging on their agreements now. Else, more than a hand would be lost. 