
I bolt upright. My name is David, and that is all I know. I look up to the sky, but there is no sky. I'm in a dark cavern with long stalactites dotting the ceiling. And I can hear voices. "David! David!" The voices scream my name. Before me, I see a man and a woman with their backs to me. Their feet are spread shoulder width apart, and their arms held straight forward. There is something massive standing in front of them, but I can't see it. I rise shakily to my feet and face the nightmare. A horrific demon on all fours roars menacingly at the two who shield me. The woman looks behind her and yells my name again. Refocusing on the monstrosity, she shouts again. "Pyrus," she calls, and at the word, a white flame spews from her fingertips and sprays the beast. Chanting loudly, the man beside her sends black tendrils from his own hands to encircle it. "Fools," cries the demon, "I shall consume the land of the living. I shall taste the blood of humanity!" Raising a great claw, the monster rakes it across the two people before me. They are knocked off their feet and fly back into the wall, crumbling to the ground in a heap. I sprint over to their bodies, and the demon stomps by, uninterested in me. The man is already dead, his neck is bend at an inhuman angle. The woman lies panting in a pool of blood. When I kneel over her body, she takes my head in shaky hands. "I love you," she wheezes. With a final breath, she lifts her head to whisper in my ear. "Encaptas," she sighs, then closes her eyes and drops her head heavily to the ground. I don't know these people who died defending me. Were they my parents? My friends? Their deaths infuriate me, and I rise to my feet, fueled by rage. There is the demon, standing before a glowing circle on the wall. As the circle grows brighter, an image becomes clearer on its surface. I see trees, clouds and houses. Mimicking the stance of my two dead protectors, I spread my feet and raise my hands. The demon turns, its face contorted into a grisly grin. I shout. "Encaptas," my voice booms in the cavern. The demon's contemptuous smile turns into a wail of despair. Thrashing and roaring, the monster collapses as glittering chains shoot out of my hands and wrap tightly around it. Something tugs at my mind, demanding a sacrifice. Unsure of what to do, I offer the memory of the man and woman who defended me. I offer the image of clouds, trees and houses I saw in the glowing circle on the wall. And I offer my name. 