
It happened on a Sunday evening. One moment the dull ache throbbed at the back of my head, and the next moment it was gone. I walked outside, took a deep breath, then closed my eyes and followed my instincts. An hour later, I found them, side by side, sitting on bench in Franton Park. Cerberus saw me coming, of course. His heads snapped towards my direction, and his growls shook my bones. But he was smaller now. Much smaller, and much less powerful. The ferocity was all gone. The old Cerberus would have torn me to shreds by now. The old Cerberus would never have let its cloak of anonymity slip that way. It even whimpered when I took a seat next to its current owner. Whimper! A hellhound! "Good evening," I said. "Fine dog you have there." He smiled, then patted Cerberus. I couldn't see his eyes, hidden as they were behind thick sunglasses, but I didn't need to ask to know that he was blind. "Best dog I've had in my life. Couldn't ask for more." "Really? Nothing more?" "Nothing!" he laughed, and Cerberus buried its heads in his lap. "This dog's here given me so much. I know, he may not look like much to you, but trust me when I tell you that-" "Even wealth? Untold wealth?" "What would I need more money for? I could go on a few more holidays with him, or perhaps buy him a few more bones, but-" "Or time? How about time? Time to... stay here on earth, enjoy what it has to offer you?" "Everything has its time. It wouldn't be fair to get more of it." "What about... sight?" I didn't wait for an answer this time. I reached out, ungloved my right hand, then pressed one leathery claw to his temple. Cerberus growled again, but I ignored it. The man flinched as if I had struck him. He recoiled, breath catching as he clawed at his sunglasses. They tumbled to the ground, cracking. He blinked, then held his hands up before him, turning them every which way, watching as he flexed. He began to cry. "Would you take sight for him?" I asked. "Seems like a fair trade to me." He seemed to notice Cerberus for the first time then. He bent low, then pulled the hellhound towards him, burying it in his chest. His chest heaved as he sobbed. "It doesn't shock you?" I asked. "It's not a normal dog, you know. It has three heads, for one. It doesn't have fur so much as it has fibrous scales. It chews on souls for snacks, and it-" "I'm blind, not stupid," he said. Then, "What do you want him for?" "I'm here to bring him back. Things need to be guarded again." "But... but why him? Why not someone else?" I kept quiet and just smiled. Some questions did not merit answers. I gave him a couple more seconds of reprieve. "I could just take him away by force," I said. "I'm giving you a choice because I am feeling particularly charitable. Plus it would really help with the re-training if Cerberus saw that it was being ordered to return with me." "It's just... it's just that we've had good times," he said. "I've never had much, you know. But with him... we've done so much. We've solved crimes for the police. We've protected the innocent. We even stopped this train from derailing, and that was when I realized that -" "It was never yours to command, human," I growled. "Decide. Now." "Wait, wait," he said. "Just wait a damn minute. What are your instructions exactly? When do you have to bring him back?" "What does that even matter?" "It does, it does! Do you need to bring him back by a certain time?" I rubbed my chin - this was unexpected. "Well, not exactly, if I'm being honest." "So there's no difference if you brought him back today, or next week, or next year?" "Well, it matters insofar as I'd be done with this assignment, and then I can go on to do the next -" "That's my point, see," he said. "You finish this job, then there's another one to work on immediately. Look, I can't have my way by force, but see here... why not just hang out with us? A day? A week? I can show you around town, show you what we do, how we make things better for everyone here. If you're still keen on bringing him back later, I'll... I'll ask him to go with you. I promise." I laughed. "I know a bad deal when I see one, human." "You can take my time then. All the time I have left. My sight too. Whatever you want. I've done enough good to think that I'm worth something to you, right?" He wasn't wrong there. I ran my thumb over his earlobes - he was Virtuous, with a capital V. If I could take him too, at the end of it, that would certainly be a good bonus... "A week," I said. "No more." He smiled, then held out his hand. We gripped and shook. "Now," he said, "ice-cream or pizza? I know just the places to show you." --- /r/rarelyfunny 