
Remi's heart pounded in his chest. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. They had always called him one of their children, one of the family. He knew he looked different from them but wasn't that just genetics? "What the hell do you mean I'm adopted!?", he yowled loudly. "Oh Remi, you're still my little floofy, yes you are", cooed his mother. "Dad, seriously? Can I even call you dad?" Al patted Remi's head, "You're still my furry son." Remi didn't like the answers he was getting. He rolled on his back asking for belly scratches. Both his mother and father laughed tinkly little laughs before reaching and scratching. After about of second of belly contact Remi whipped his claws out and scratched that them. "Ow! Bad Remi!", they both exclaimed. Remi smiled to himself, *Classic bait and switch doesn't feel too good does it?* Grouchily, but satisfied with his mini revenge, he went through the cat flap and out into the garden. He swatted at some flies and slapped some leaves out of his way muttering annoyances. "How could they lie to me? I'm two whole years old and they waited that long to tell me?" He yowled in frustration. "Whats got you down sour puss?" Asked the neighbor cat. She was sleek black with mesmerizing blue-green eyes. Remi quickly licked his white paw and slicked it up and over his brown and black speckled spots. "Oh hey, Essi", He said as smoothly as he could. "What's got your fur in a bunch, Remi?" He frowned, he had wished his emotions weren't so blatant. "My parents just told me I was adopted..." He tried to reign in his obvious sadness over it but he failed. He let out a little sniffle. Essi released a raucous laughter. She rolled onto her back bringing her paws up to her belly. Remi was instantly annoyed with her complete lack of empathy but couldn't help but also be awed by her silky, raven fur shining in the sunlight. He was quite conflicted. "Why are you laughing!?" He asked loudly. She immediately stopped and peered at his face. "Wait, you're serious?" she asked. He looked at her confused, "Of course I'm serious! Why would I joke about something like this?" She looked at him even more puzzled than he was. She opened her mouth and began to speak but then stopped herself. She looked Remi over then walked up to him. Remi froze, they had never been this close before. "Give me your paw Remi", he complied and gave her his paw. She raised his next to her own. "Look Remi, what do you see?" "Two paws". "Right, they're the same aren't they?" "Yes", he whispered. "Now imagine your mom and dads paws, they look different right?" Remi thought about it for a moment. They were very different, they didn't even call them paws... they had hands. He looked at Essi with wide eyes. "How many legs do you have? How many do they have?" she asked him gently. He shook his head. "Do they have tails, or fur? How much larger than us are they? What about their whiskers? And how about how clumsy they are?" She asked more urgently. Remi hung his head. How had he not realized? He was all different from them, of course he was adopted. "Don't be sad Remi. It means they love you so much that they chose you. My parents chose me, and I love my siblings. This should be a happy revelation". Her voice was soft and sweet and he reveled in it. She was right, he was lucky to be with his parents. They fed him prime time wet food, he had his own tree and toys, and they loved him with pets and cuddles. "Thanks Essi, I guess you're right." Her eyes glistened at him beautifully and she rubbed her head against his. He fell in love with her even more, her head rubs were heavenly. He began purring loudly. She swatted him in the head, "You're it!" Her tinkly laugh filled the garden as she bounded off. Remi smiled and dashed after her already forgetting that mornings truth. 