
Alyx stepped on to the travel stone. He smiled to his sisters. Even Asyx, busy in in the firefly fields, had come to see him off for his vacation. He waved and they waved back. Then he took a deep breath, and considered the Universe. When he was a child, he used a guidecube, rotated by hand, but he no longer needed that as the concepts came naturally. He was in the low-bottom-kata, Earth was in high-left-kata. He rotated the Universe in his head, and in a few moments, there he was, standing on the Earth's arrival stone, one specifically prepared for him. It took him a year to save for this trip. Earth wasn't cheap. But it was definitely worth it, with their magic lights, and fast carriages, and incredible food, and sweet drinks. And those were available anywhere, even in a small Russian city that was the only destination he could afford. "How do you do it?" asked his new Russian friend, Petr, after a few weeks. That was a very common question, so Alyx didn't mind. He took another sip of coke and answered: "First, you think of where you currently are, in the Universe. Then, you think of where you are going. Last, you rotate your image of the Universe so that both positions match, and select the right overlap." "You know, Alyx, I know a bit of physics" said his friend Kate (she did a thesis on nuclear physics) "and this always sounds like some bullshit to me. There is no way you can affect Universe with your mind, and energy required to travel this far -- where does that come from? I am not complaining, the tourism money is great, but I still feel conned sometimes." Alyx shrugged. "I have no idea. I know how to do it, but not why it works. How do your lamps work?". Obviously both Russians knew it, and tried to explain, but he couldn't understand it, even the basics. Aliens, however smart, either weren't smart enough or just saw things differently. It wasn't a surprise. A lot of scientists and even some monks have to reproduce "the travel", but even when the aliens explained in detail, and gave them guidecubes, the humans still didn't get it. They kept asking for more help, but couldn't even imagine ana/kata properly, not to say of any further details of the Universe. On the other hand, various aliens tried to reproduce the lamps, the cars and so on. There was some limited success, but in the end even basic electricity eluded them. And no one could go and help set it up on their planets. In the end, all sides found themselves happy with the current arrangement. Aliens were somewhat distrustful of human technology and ethics, and didn't mind humans staying in the solar system for a while. While humans enjoyed all the sweet tourism money without any dangers of advanced technology being used against them. After a month, Alyx was again standing on a travel stone, this time at the Earth departure point. He waved goodbye to his Russian friends and rotated the Universe again. He was happy and relieved to see his sisters, and the tall swamp walkers, and caves lit with the fireflies. He certainly missed his home. But he was already counting expenses for his next trip. There was that small South American city known for off-road racing... 