
Once upon a time there was a woman living in a dingy, lonely and busted up bungalow. She woke up one morning feeling as shameful as ever, but something was... different. She felt a little less lonely than usual, as if she was sharing the house with a close and trustworthy friend. She went to the kitchen to fix herself something along the line of breakfast. She opened the cereal cupboard, expecting her usual stale and tasteless dehydrated oats; however, in its place was pancake mix and healthy, albeit sugary, cereal! She was astounded, no, bewildered to find this. She danced around the kitchen, then stopped, the colour in her face draining. She realized that somebody would have needed to have broken into her house, noticed her situation, gone shopping and then put the products in her cupboard. She thought about calling the police, but decided to hold back from doing so, doubting anybody would believe her. She got the pancake mix and added water from her tap and made a breakfast she had never imagined she could have ever gotten to eat. Although she could taste the dirt from the tap water, she was unfazed. After brekfast, she went to take a shower, and saw some good old, white and cleaning soap on the rest thing in her shower. "Thats fucking weird" she said. "Not only did I have pancake mix for me but now soap?" Now she was starting to feel uncomfortale. She smelled the soap. Although pungent, it reminded her of the soap in her grandmother's bathroom when she lived with her during her teen years. She wetted it in her sink and scrubbed it on her left palm, then washed it off, some of the dirt on her hand had already washed off! She got in the fuckin showr and got herself clean. She said to herself "wow, I wonder who got me this, it's like I have a gardian angel or somethin. After getting out of the shower she saw some white guy in her mirror. "Hello?" she asked. The angel replied to her "hello my child. I have been sent by God to protect and care for you." Holy fuckin shit can you belive this? She got agoddamb angle savin her and shit! The angel dude got out of the mirror and held her hand. "Dont touch me you weirdo" said the girl, cuz its clearly not the fuckin angel talking, now is it? He helped her get dressed. It's a guy angel, okay? Why, you ask? Cuz I said so! The angel walkd her out of the bathroom and they watched tv. Dam sad the angel. You got some good shows on here. The girl and angel watched the tv for a bit. God, what an I doing with my life? A girl and angle watchng tv? Why did I even start writing this! You know what, fuck it! I'm gonna go take a nap... 