
The father sighed, and shook his head. "Son, please hear your old man out." "Dad, I'm not becoming your apprentice or whatever you want. I don't have time for it. Besides, where do you even live? Do they have reception out there?" "You don't need reception in the Mystic Realm! That's what I'm trying to tell you. With magic, you can make anything you want happen!" "Oh, really? Then tell me something you can do there that I can't here." "You can ask the all-knowing any question you want, and receive an answer to guide your ways." "Here, that's called Google." "You can open a portal to speak with any friend, foe or lover you desire, and see and hear them as if they were right next to you." "Dad, I've been trying to get you to use FaceTime for ages." "You can send a prayer to the Gods, and petition them for any object or service of your desire, for the right price." "Dad, I work for Amazon!" The father sighed and shook his head again, this time filled with a helplessness he was all too familiar with. "Then what is magic for? What do you need me for?" "Maybe I just need you to be my Dad. Now I've got to go. The Uber is almost here." - "Oh, wise one, I come with a humble question," the father said. "Eldrick the Astute, I see your heart is pure as the first snow. What would you like to know?" "What am I to do? All the magic seems...useless. I never foresaw this. We always feared the death of magic, but how can the world move on without it? It feels like...the world's turned on magic." The wise one smiled. "The world turns, and we can call it magic. But magic is not within us. Rather, magic is all around us. The way the world constantly changes and morphs and puts on new masks but still is the same old thing. That's real magic. And sometimes, it's just hard to see how it changes." "The world...still needs magic?" "It always will." - A knock at the door. The facial recognition didn't show the visitor as a previous one, so Al went down. His father stood there, but he didn't look like he normally did. "Dad? What are you all dressed up for?" "Is this the accurate attire?" "What...I mean, yeah. A dress shirt and tie is what they wear, but only to work. Today's a weekend." "What's a weekend?" "A day for spending with family and friends. What are you doing here?" The father sighed. "Son, all my life I've been trying to force you to see magic, and see what it can do. But now I see that you've had magic in you all along. And now it's my job to learn from you. Will you teach me to live in your world, with your All-Knowing and your portal opener and whatever else there is?" The son smiled. "I never thought this day would come. Come in. And what are those shoes? We'll have to get you some new ones..." - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) Edit: thanks for reading! Wanted to write a feel good one for the holiday. Happy Father's Day! 