
I see things that I cannot see. When the first snowflake fell on autumn leaves, I heard the trunk groan from the weight of the snow. I saw the oak fall, collapsing with a powdery cloud on black asphalt. There was nothing I could do to change this. In the car, knowing the inevitable, the driver's eyes widened. My father's eyes. He reached a hand to the backseat; I was all he could think of. The moment hung perilously in the air. Black tires skidded on black ice. Wood shattered glass and punctured airbags. Crimson rivulets ran down white cheeks and cold eyes. And I cannot see that. Because the first snowflake is still falling--and the car is still parked in the driveway--and my father's eyes are still warm. I cannot see it, and yet I know it will happen because I can see the fragments. "We need to leave," I said. "It's going to snow." "Not yet," my father said, without seeing or knowing, "We have to wait for your mother." My mother wasn't coming. She was visiting the neighbor for hot coffee and heavy petting. My father didn't know this; he couldn't see it. I tried to tell him about the neighbor, but my father didn't listen. He said that my mother loves him very much. She would never do such a thing. The truth was right before his eyes and yet he couldn't see the fragments; no one else can. I cannot see the man who pulls me from the wreckage. How could I know that his badge will be stained the color of a liquid rose, and his breath will smell like gumdrops? How can I see the station, and the candy machine that doesn't work, and the water fountain that tastes like plastic? I cannot see these things, and yet I do, because the first snowflake is still falling. My mother won't answer her phone because it is on the kitchen counter along with her bra and panties, and she will be in the study, and the bathroom, and the bedroom in that order. My neighbor's breath smells like wine and sadness. He left the kitchen sink running. I see the number of missed calls before my mother finally answers. It's a lot. She won't want to return to the station. When she does, she'll pick me up, give me a hug and tell me everything is going to be alright. But it's not going to be alright. I can see it. I can see the fragments of the wine bottle, but I don't know if the fragments are from the first bottle or the third. I can see locks of hair clipped on the bathroom floor. My locks of hair. I can see myself crying and hugging my teddy. I don't have a teddy. Maybe my mother will buy me one--or maybe it will be the officer--because I can't see that particular fragment and know for certain. I don't see them all, only the fragments that matter. I can see my teddy falling into the grass. I don't know why I need to see that fragment. Now I can see the teddy locked away in a box. I'm standing nearby wearing an orange vest and not enough hair. The officer is wiping his damp eyes. I think he knows that it's not my fault for the things I did, but he has a job to do regardless. I can see the courtroom. I can see the steel bars painted grey. I cannot see my mother, and I think I know why. I can't see all the fragments that lead me to what I will become, but I know that the fragments all converge in one moment. There's a single point in which they all connect, and all the different lines converge and cross. It's here and now. The snowflake tastes like butter on my tongue. I see the man talking to me. I cannot see this, but I know that his eyes will go to the size of coals, just like my father. He believes me. He sees the fragments too. He's the only one who will ever believe me, but it will be far too late because the fragments stop shortly afterward. I'd like to think they cured me; I hope they fixed my vision. I want to see in more than fragments--and instead see the world around me as it should be seen--with all the lies. I like not knowing the future. I cannot see what happens after that moment, and that makes me smile. 