
"Look bro, if you really like the cape, get the damn cape. What does it matter what people think of you?", I said with a level of annoyance. Kenny and I had been at this for hours. We came to the mall trying to find this "new look" for him since some kid made fun of his old cape calling him "Faggy Batman" last week. "The cape is exactly what the problem is. If I keep wearing it, that is just asking for more ridicule. Besides it's not as functional as it used to be back in the old days in....uhhh.. highschool." I couldn't really think of how a cape could ever be functional in the first place. He kept gravitating toward it though. Him being oblivious to the fact that I knew he was a vampire wasn't going to stop me from at least helping him look like a more modern version of one. His old "nerdy Dracula wearing Adidias" look wasn't doing him any favors. But just because I was trying to help him didn't mean I wasn't going to have some fun with it. "Yo Kenny, what about this?" I held up a pair of black leather pants along with a Slipknot t-shirt. "You can even accessorize with a few of these leather bracelets with metal rivets. I think you will look fresh dude." He tried the outfit on and I swear he looked like a grad school Criss Angel with his circular glasses still framing his pale face. He seemed so satisfied with this look that he wore it out of the store including his old worn out white and blue Adidas. Which only made it more hilarious. He was so proud though. He was walking around like he owned the world. Who would ever want to crush that kind of confidence? After he strut his happy ass out of the Hot Topic, I then suggested he gets a haircut too. This flat greased up comb-over wasn't working for him. We needed something more modern. The salon in the mall would do fine. The look on the stylists face when we walked in was one of both shock and intrigue and without a second's hesitation he wished Kenny away into a chair and got to work as if he knew exact what to do. By the end of it, his hair looked like he was the ukulele player in an acoustic emo punk band. It was perfect. All the little goth middle schoolers strutting the mall were looking at him like he was a god. "You know, I feel right." He said with contentment. "I do too, buddy. I do too." 