
You'd think that when you swap two children, each of them glowing with an aura of power that hurt those around them that were of a different alignment, people would notice. That they'd think "Hey, this purple-skinned winged creature probably isn't our child", or similarly "I don't think this golden-haired angel is the spawn of a demon lord". That they'd try to fix the mix-up. Nope. They didn't. Probably something blinded them. Maybe it was parental love, but probably it was just the pain of the aura of power. And while you'd also wonder why an orphanage for both the holy and unholy exists, that's a story for another day. So, for just over two decades, the children grew up... Relatively oddly, considering their origins. Aronis, the demon, was taught how to use his powers for good, how to vanquish evil, how to behave properly at a dinner ceremony with the king. Ior'iathaxi, the human, got trained how to summon hellfire (which liked to backfire and eradicate demons as well, seeing as it was with holy origins), how to torture mortals, how to rule tyrannically over a kingdom. Apart from that, both children had similar fates. Trained from a young age, raised to fight the enemy and rule. Their fathers died around maturity, and they inherited the throne. Both were great rulers (though the definition of "great" depended on the nation's morals, after all). Both had to charge into the battle of World's End when the other's forces invaded. And on one fateful day on the battlefield, they met. Immediately realizing that something had gone wrong, they froze mid-battle, trying to figure out what. Eventually, they guessed it - they both had the powers of both realms - good and evil, entwined into one powerful, ruinous, glorious mess. The peace treaty was signed then and there, as both rulers realized that warring against each other would lead to their mutual destruction. Instead, they decided to form an alliance, albeit with different personal goals. One wanted to purify the world from all evil, or convert it to good in the process. The other wanted to cleanse the world from all that threatened her, or destroy it while doing so. Quite different, yet similar goals, is it not so? And thus began the Grand Crusade, which ended up spanning worlds and universes, and is still going on to this day. Perhaps, your world will be conquered one day, like mine was? Or perhaps, you will meet the rulers themselves, my King. If that ever happens, I pray to the gods that you won't have to choose between them, because both will destroy you, one way or another. 