
"Sir, there's a lady at the main gate. What do you want me to do?" Inquired the tiny red minion in a squeaky voice. "She from around here?" "Far too pretty to be, I'd say" "Ugh, must be Cobalt's daughter. All the money in the world yet this is how he thinks he's going to find his daughter a husband." "How exactly would that work sir?" "Well, he knows I don't turn away a guest. I'd invite her in for a cup of tea and not ten minutes later would all the tabloids read that I had kidnapped his daughter. Then we'd have to deal with a whole mess of single kids in shiny armours tryna break down our doors" "Devilish, that Cobalt is. What would you have us do? We'll march straight down and knock some sense in him at your command." "Oh I know you would, Copernicus. But no, none of that. Bring her in." "But sir...the tabloids." "I'll handle the tabloids" In walked the lady wearing green, escorted by two of the Demon King's soldiers. "Dearest lady," the king started "you seem to be lost. Are you looking for a place to stay" "Oh yes," Cobalt's daughter faked a trembling voice of sadness, "I wandered off the trails and somehow ended up here" She attempted to cry. It was all quite pathetic really. The act wasn't even well planned. For starters, no one would walk the trails in a dress and heels. She didn't even know how to fake cry. There were no tears and honestly couldve been mistaken for demonic laughter. Nonetheless, the king played along, "Don't you worry. Its getting late, stay here the night and we'll get you back home." She thanked the king and began walking towards the fireplace, but just as soon as she had her back to him, he pulled out his trident and drove it right through her. One of the guards let out a stifled gasp. The king smirked as she fell to the ground. "Copernicus, have her sent back home." "Uh sir, I don't mean to question your decisions but won't you actually having killed her cause even more outrage" "Oh no, all we have to worry about now is the king upset about his daughter. The white knights won't come marching down if there's nothing in it for them. They can't marry a dead woman surely." "That's brilliant - bit harsh, killing her I mean' but still' brilliant." "They won't even pay this a second glance in the tabloids. Who expects a demon king to do anything but kill." 