
The courtroom swayed, the colors shifting in and out of focus. Lightning McQueen turned on his wipers, but the fog clung to the inside of the glass and refused to let go, no matter how much washer fluid he pumped out. He glanced around the courtroom. All of his friends had come, but the heat that once poured through their vents and fans had been replaced by a steady stream of airconditioned coldness. Nobody smiled. Something was missing. Like a hole in his gas tank, this 'thing' (whatever it was) drained him of joy, and of hope. He tried to move, but his wheels were all flat and his entire front body ached. It felt like he'd crashed into the side of the racing track, but somehow the pain ran deeper than scratched paint and buckles this time. Something inside him was broken. He forced his mind into gear, trying to remember last night. He'd been tucked in the garage for the night... he remembered the sensation of someone touching his door, opening it. It was eerie, but his parking break had come loose -- he was sure about that -- and still, he had continued his slumber. In the dream, he'd driven down a dark road, his headlights off. Branches scratching at his roof, the wind blasting through his grille. McQueen liked to go fast, but for some reason, he didn't have control. The dizzying speed caused him to perspire, oil leaking down his back. He tried to stop, but something controlled his pedals. Then out of nowhere came a flash of blue. He tried to steer away, but something hugged the wheel. He'd tried to... Sally? His shattered headlights scanned the gallery feverishly for her sparkling blue paint, but she wasn't there. No, no, no, this couldn't be. Gasping for air, he rolled down his windows, and the stench of booze rolled into the courtroom. Oh god, what had he done? The judge, Doc Hudson, looked at him with sorrow in the corners of turning signals. Everything sped up, and McQueen couldn't keep his lights focused. It wasn't his fault. Or was it? The longer the trial went on, the more he accepted that this was all his fault. He couldn't defend himself -- it hadn't been a dream -- he'd felt the side of Sally turn to scrap under his weight. "I'm sorry, but this is our law," Doc finally said and slammed the gavel. "Guilty!" Lightning McQueen nodded, and his best friend, the tow truck Mater, cuffed him and lifted his broken body into the air and onto his back. Letting out a sorrowful sniff from his pipe. Even as was hauled off to the junkyard, McQueen didn't protest. He deserved this. He had killed Sally. The realization cracked something open inside him and thick oil dripped out of his engine. The wipers worked hard to keep excess washer fluid off his windshield, but it didn't matter anymore. He didn't have to see the massive machine to know what was coming next. In the shadow of the car crusher, the great executioner of Radiator Springs, Lightning McQueen thought back on the times they'd had together. The first time her sparkling blue front rolled into the room. She'd been there when nobody else believed in him, and he had killed her. He sighed deeply, his lights going dim. "Sally, I'm so sorry." 