
Ayara was only four, but always thought of herself as a warrior-- the kind that could never be caught amidst battle. A titan in tiny shoes. Of course, things never go the way we expect them to, and she'd been captured. It was a very confusing blur to look back on, and truth be told, she couldn't remember or understand most of it. There had been lots of bright, pretty lights, and sounds so loud even her papa couldn't sleep through them before the night caught fire and the sky fell. Monsters had attacked, just like they do in the movies, evil birds in the sky. Someone had found her and taken her to a safe place where the monsters couldn't get her. It took a while to get there, after lots of walking and waiting with other people. He lied. Stupid old man. It was only a couple of weeks spent playing with other kids hiding from the monsters before two of them found her. They came into the safe place and took her from right out of everyone's noses-- they looked sort of like people, but their eyes were so strangely bright and their skin a color she'd never seen, with noses that looked funny. She tried to run but there was nowhere to go. They caught her and put her into this strange ship -- kinda like the one she got put into after the old man found her, but different -- that went really fast, the world all around her stretching and blurring. She closed her eyes and tried not to cry. They made some weird noises, but seemed to understand she was upset, at least, and gave her a tasty sweet thing to suck on. It was fruity and tasty and good enough to buy her cooperation for a while. The first day was definitely weird. There was all sorts of alien technology in the place they took her to; the walls were a different color and texture, much smoother, and it was super warm inside. Strange lit-up displays in different colors, a lot of shiny metal all over the place. It was so different than the home she grew up in, and kind of cold and scary. Yet, somehow it was also warmer-- and a little awesome. Her tummy rumbled, and she really wanted some bread with honey, just like mom used to make her. Where was mom, anyway? How come she let these creepy strange things take her away to somewhere far away? It made her sad, on top of being hungry. She didn't even mean to cry, but... who wouldn't? They somehow understood, and rushed over to her, which only scared her more. They held back a little, crouching down to her size, and the girl-alien put a careful hand on her shoulder. She knew it was a girl cause of the really long hair, but she also had a beard for some reason. It was odd. She followed them, cautiously, to a big white room with bright windows and lots of plants. They opened a huge metal box, three times the size of her, that blew real cold air at her. Ayara took a step back, frowning at it for making her cold. The aliens looked at each other, making some sounds, and looked a little confused. Ayara spotted what looked like bread, thought it was smoother and lighter, and she ran up to it, pointing at it. They followed and pulled a slice out of the bag, and she nodded at them excitedly. They did something funny with it, though, and made it real crunchy, and served it with something salty and creamy instead of honey. It was still yummy, but just not what she was expecting. They took her to a room after she finished eating, one the color of spring wildflowers, with lots of soft clothes and weird toys and a big, squishy bed, like it was made of clouds. It was dark, and she was getting sleepy from such a long day, so she got ready for bed and let the hungry pillows swallow her up. The boy-alien tucked her in, smiled, and said something she didn't understand, petting her head. It felt nice. She slept longer and better than ever before, and when she woke up, she ran up to a big window. Outside there were so many trees, and bushes and flowers and the greenest grass she'd ever seen, and there were birds and pretty bugs flying all around. It was something magical, out of a dream or a story, and she shook her head to wake up just in case, but stayed right where she was. Downstairs there was already a meal ready for her, this one perfect-- soft bread with honey, and there was even cheese! Just like she always used to eat. Well, it tasted a little different, but it was close. She spotted what looked like a copy of her meal on one of those bright light-boxes on the counter a way back, but ignored it and kept eating. The girl-alien clapped a lot, and cleaned up for her once she was done. The boy-alien led her to a different room and she sat down on a super comfy pillow, next to a big wooden table. There was a book on it, already open, with some words she recognized next to ones she didn't, and pictures of things like kitties and people and trees. They smiled at her, and where once she might've frightened... not anymore. Because Ayara is a warrior, remember? There was nothing to be scared of. She'd figure it all out with the help of the nice aliens, and one day soon she'd find mommy. For the moment, though, it was a nice place to be. She didn't even think they looked that weird anymore, and smiled back for the first time. ---- */r/resonatingfury* 