
"Please tell me you're all seeing what I'm seeing." No one responded. It took a minute just for everyone to adjust to what was on the monitor. When Smith was just approaching it, it looked like it was a crocked rode sticking out of the ground. Even if it had been just that no one would know how to explain it. Then Smith noticed the dusty red cloth dangling from it he moved closer to get a better look. The idea of what it was started to form in everyone's head but no one suggested it because they all thought it couldn't be, I mean, how could it be. He must have been only ten paces from the pole when the wind kicked up and lifted the rest of the cloth into the air, revealing it. There was no mistaking what it was. It had been weathered from what looked like decades here but it was indeed a Soviet Union Flag. "Hello, Earth control, anyone. Please talk to me." There was panic in his voice. Someone from earth control final answered, "Roger, We see the flag." "Okay, can some tell me how it got here." The wind had stopped blowing and the flag had draped back down before there was a response. Back at earth control, there was a barrage bickering. Everyone was turning to the other person to see if they any fragment of a clue. They all hope that some in the room could somehow explain it. Alas, no one had any clue to how it got there. "As of now we don't know how the flag got there, but we're going to get in contact with some from F.K.A to see if they can give us an answer. Stay calm now, cause we're going to need you to look around in any direction and see if you can spot anything else, Over" "Okay...Roger" Smith turned in a complete three-hundred and sixty degrees. There was nothing on the monitors that stood out to them. "Yeah, I don't see anything that doesn't look like just more red sand and dirt," "Roger, return to Enlil X. We'll inform the other before you get back. You'll have to come back out here with a team and survey the surrounding area more. After that, whether or not you guys find anything, you're gonna set a marker down, get back to the Enlil and began your journey home." "Thank Christ, Roger." Smith started to walk back to his rover when he stopped. There was someone standing right next to it. Everyone thought it was someone from Enlil X. Until everyone started to notice everything wrong with them. The suit they where wearing looked to be an older, bulkier module. It had small tears going down the legs and arms. And the helmet, it was cracked wide open. The shadow from inside the helmet was as dark as the glass that still attached. From that shadow, however, you could see the face of someone. They were as pale as a course but every bit of there face you could see looked completely intact. Smith, earth control, everyone stood frozen in shock. Then the walking corpse started to whisper something. "Vy vernulis' k ispol'zovaniiu." No one knew what that meant. but before anyone could say anything it dug it's exposed hands into the rover. In an instant, it split the vehicle in haft and tossed the separated pieces farther than anyone could see. Then it leaped at Smith faster than he could react. Smith fell to the ground. The monitor only showed Sky. "AAAHHHH SOMEONE HELP. PLEASE GOD, ANYONE. AAAHHHhh aaahhh..." the com fell silent. "Get in contact with everyone at Enlil X, tell them they need to get off of Mars Now." Someone came charging into the Control room. "We just got in contact with someone from F.K.A. They said to destroy the ship, that no one on that mission can come back from earth." "What, no. we're not letting the rest of the crew die." Just then a transmission came in from the crew at Enlil X. "Earth... there are people surrounding the ship. Jesus Christ, There are people" The monitor switch to the camera back at the ship. There had to be at least twenty of them. Walking corpses just like the one Smith had seen. They were all in pristine condition but none of them looked Russian. They were all rather short and had a face that just wasn't shaped the way anyone had ever see before. They weren't wearing the same space helmet as the other corpse either. Their clothes were so torn they almost looked like were covered up with loincloths. From the matching color, patterns, and unearthly symbols that appeared in the exact same spot for all of them, It was clear that they were wearing uniforms. Just then Smith mick had started to pick up nose again. "Smith, are you still alive? answer us, Smith. Please talk to use." Smith's monitor showed he was slowly walking in the direction of the Enlil X. Smith's voice spoke in the same chilling coldness that the corpse did. "You've returned to use. You've returned to use. and we shall return to you. very soon. very soon." 