
So prior to reading this, I am not normally a writer but have always wanted to get into it. Any constructive criticism is greatly appreciated!! It was quiet, the only sounds a faint hum coming from the emergency overhead lighting, and a steady click as the ship rotated. Gravity was steady, the screens along the wall calculated and compensated fully automatically, and oxygen was flowing. I closed the maintenance panel and latched it shut; everything was in order. Of course it was, the *Ranger* had been fault free since its launch two hundred years ago. I honestly don't know why I still checked, the system would alert me to any malfunctions within nanoseconds. I moved down the hallway, casting a brief glance into the long-unused galley. Cans of freeze dried food sat in the cabinets, uneaten and unspoiled, but I stopped eating and drinking years ago. I couldn't even remember how long it'd been since I last tasted anything; decades? It didn't matter now. I continued my shuffle, towards the main bay. The glass ceiling and walls here looked out onto a vast, black expanse. Light from distant stars taunted me with every twinkle, but I was immune to that now too. I was immune to everything... The console at my station showed the *Ranger's* current position, but we were so far away from anything that I was nothing more than a pixel in the center of a void. I'd lost everything, and all I had to show for progress was a steadily increasing number in the corner of a panel, showing the many hundreds of millions of miles from Earth that I was. The distance I was from her.. It didn't matter now, she'd been dead so long I doubted her grave was even still marked; it along with everything else probably been covered by the dust a century ago. I toyed with the chain in my pocket briefly, but removed my hand and turned my attention to the ship's life support systems. Stable, as always. Everything had gone into this ship, the culmination of seventy five years of human cooperation. It was all we had left as a race, and I was the Caretaker. The ship could maintain a course, repair and sustain its own systems, and store the vast database of human knowledge that had been entered into its database. By all accounts, it was perfect. If only I had been. I couldn't get her face out of my head, though. The dying sunlight glistening in the tears on her face, the slowing heartbeat I felt in her chest.. And her voice, echoing endlessly in my ears. "Promise me." she had said. It wasn't a request, it was a command, one that carried the weight of a dying mother."Promise me you'll live. Promise me, that no matter what, you will see this through." I had nodded, a simple, silent affirmation that I'd do what she asked. Only then had she handed me the tray; six, small embryos, frozen in saline and sealed to the outside world. On top of the tray, she placed a silver chain; it had once held a locket with our daughter's name on it, but even that was lost. "Do it for her, don't fail us..You're not allowed to die too, okay?" I had promised her, and somehow, inexplicably, I'd kept that promise. I was alive, and God only knows I tried so hard not to be. I closed my eyes and squeezed, trying to remove the image from my mind. Two hundred years, and I saw her face every day. I turned to the cold chamber entrance, now open as it had been for seventy five years. You see, by all accounts the ship was perfect, but only in that every program still ran smoothly, perfectly. I, on the other hand, was imperfect; a Caretaker for the last six chances for us as humans to continue to live. And after one hundred twenty five years, I made a mistake. Just one; but by leaving that door open, I had doomed everything.. *Edit: Formatting 