
Death's jaw nearly unhinged as I toppled his king to the floor. The handcarved chess piece went skittering into the darkness, and in the moment of resulting shock only its hollow clangs against the never-ending black tile spoiled the silence. The game had been a close one. Death had predictably sought control of the center, but I'd thought back to when my daughter Jess had been all knees and elbows and secret highschool crushes and pulled off a flurry of sacrifices that left his King vulnerable. I'd been surprised when he'd blindly pushed onward, but I suppose centuries of arrogance had left him a tad rusty. I thought Jess would have been proud. Perhaps I'd even challenge her for the Missouri state title, as soon as I found her in the oncoming afterlife. "So..." I said, picturing her dimples. "Do I get to move on now...or?" "Ehm, actually, you're supposed to take my place," Death said, with what I supposed must have been a look of shame. It was my turn to let my jaw hang. "You're kidding." Death shook his head. "Afraid not. Those were the rules six hundred years ago when I won, and those are the rules now." I suddenly felt cold. Pins and needles attacked my lower legs. This couldn't be happening. Take his place? After *everything*--after I'd walked aimlessly through melancholy decades as if trudging through snow? No. Not a chance. Not with Jess this close. Her face tugged at my heart. She was smiling, beautiful in that hand stitched cranberry dress the day of the accident. The lace billowed in the wind, and I'd been worried about her hair staying put for group pictures. *Pictures.* Can you believe it? I should have hugged her tight. I should have never let go. All the emotions I'd paid therapists to pen up came bursting out of me. Death practically recoiled as I screamed, "No!" "What do you mean, no?" he asked after recovering. "I said no, I'm not taking your place, sorry bud. Take me on now. Let's get to it. Chop chop." "I...I can't any longer." "What do you mean?" "The switch isn't up to me now," he said. "Look." Sure enough, the pins and needles in my legs were more ominous than I'd first thought. My jeans were fading into nothingness, the skin beneath them turning a pale alabaster. The feeling crept higher and higher, and there was nothing I could do to stop it. "You're supposed to show *me* onward now, actually," Death said. "My shift's done." My heart sunk. Why hadn't I just given in? Why hadn't I just opened a pathway straight to my damned King, and moved on to Jess. She was being taken right from my grasp, just like before. Except this time, I would do everything in my power to stop it. "Show me how," I ordered. "How do we go to the beyond?" "*W-We*?" "You're damned right," I said. "Unless, of course, you'd rather keep me company for eternity?" Death weighed my bluff for a moment. Luckily, he'd have been just as bad a poker player as he'd proven to be at chess. He swept his arm up in a peculiar motion, and I soon mimicked it. A massive archway appeared, with hot white light flowing between. I grabbed Death's hand and together we walked in. "Oh, they won't like this," he said, croaked out as if caught in the wind. "They won't like this at all." ----------- r/M0zark 