
The proctors glared with all the pompous perspicacity of Master Magi. Tully fiddled with the buttons of his blue robe. "Just give him a minute, he'll be here." As if on cue, fat Marius *popped* into the center of the circle. "Ah dang, chips again?" "Where the *hell* have you been," Tully whispered under his breath, then he turned to the proctors with a placating smile. "See," he said in his best showman's voice, "The Magnificent Marius arrives!" The lead proctor adjusted the round spectacles which nested on her beak of a nose. "Very well," she said, "Now get on with it." Marius had opened the bag of chips and was munching on the potato crisps open-mouthed. His purple vest was open, allowing his round belly to be on display. "Okay, Marius," Tully said, "Blue Flame stage one, just like we practiced." Marius sighed, "For a bag of *CHIPS*? Nuh uh, no way." Tully blushed as some of the onlooking student mages waiting their turn began to snicker. "If your familiar is not capable of Blue Flame, do not waste our time any further with these antics," the Proctor said. "No, wait! He is! I promise," Tully said, "This is no ordinary familiar. In fact, I dare say this will be the most powerful familiar you will see today!" "Aw shucks," Marius said, "Thanks Tully. Flattery won't make me less hungry though." The Proctor raised her eyebrows, "Such claims are bold, I hope you can back them up." Tully straightened his back, puffing out his chest. He addressed the whole of the assembled crowd. "Most of you will conjure up some River Spirits or Forest Fae. Some may even be able to call on lowly or youthful High Spirits," he said. He gestured to his plump friend in the circle, hoping to convey a sense of confidence he didn't truly possess. "He might not look like much. But *THIS* is Marius! Second son of Ashurbanipal The Great! A High Spirit among High Spirits!" Some of the students in the crowd looked impressed, others tried to stifle laughter, the Proctor's face remained unchanged. "Very well," she said, "On with it." Tully bent over and whispered in Marius' ear. "I'm sorry about the chips. I'm broke, you know that." "Yeah," Marius said glumly. "But I SWEAR, if you do this for me, I'll bestow upon you a feast like you might've found in the Ancient Palaces of The Sandstone High Spirits." Marius looked up at him, a look of deep consideration on his face. "Really?" "Oh yeah, *really*." "Donuts?" "Sure." "And nachos. I loooovvveee Nachos." "You've never had nachos." "But I know that I'll love them!" "Fine. Nachos it is." "And Steak?" "Oh my," Tully said, palming his forehead, "Marius, whatever you want, seriously. Just do the fricken spell. Like *RIGHT* now." After a long moment, Marius nodded. He set down the crisps and stood on plump legs, squat like tree trunks. "Behold," he said. Nothing. Tully's blush deepened. "What're you doing, stop messing around." Marius looked baffled, "I...I don't know." The Proctor raised her hand, "I think we've seen enough. Clearly the house of of Ashurbanipal has fallen somewhat of late. Please dismiss your....Spirit....and exit to the left." "Wait, hold on," Tully pleaded. "You *dare* doubt the name of Ashurbanipal," Marius growled. Tully had never seen him look so angry. "*I'LL SHOW YOU WHAT MY HOUSE IS CAPABLE OF!*" The room erupted in a cloud of blue flame. Assorted *oohs* and *ahhhs* were accompanied by terrified shrieks. When the smoke cleared, Marius grinned. "You didn't have to overdo it," Tully hissed. "Humph." The Proctor's long eyebrows smoked. Her face remained steady, but her eyes belied the truth. Even *she* had been unnerved. "Um, okay. Very well," she said, "You pass. Please take a seat to the right." "Thank you," Tully said. Marius winked at him, "Don't forget about the nachos." Tully rolled his eyes, "I won't." ~ r/CharlestonChews 