
If there's one piece of advice I can give to the next Grim Reaper to replace me, it is this: Learn how to make an effective Powerpoint slide-deck. Microsoft Office 2016 gives you a host of new bells and whistles that you can use to give your presentation that extra kick. It's all bullshit. Stick to the bread and butter - a sharp color scheme, no more than three to four bullet points per slide, lots of visuals, and fifteen to twenty slides max. Showing a quick recap of the entire fate of humanity to every soul that enters the underworld can be a cumbersome and monotonous task, and the last thing you want is to get someone that walks away confused, bored and unsure of how they feel about their decision to heal or die. They should walk away disgusted, horrified and wanting nothing more than the sweet release of death. You get a commission on the number of souls that commit to death, after all. Those that put in the work make the sale. You need to streamline the process. Learn which details about the fall of humanity should be saved for your last slide. That's the only slide that anyone ever remembers, and drives the decision to live or die. So what do you put? A video showing a speech from Hitler or Mussolini? Get the fuck out of here with those blowhards. The Cuban Missle Crisis? You mean the Cuban Yawning Crisis? I heard the boats got so close to each other that they almost touched tips that day. Riveting stuff. What about a slideshow recap of President Bieber's scandalous orgy with several prominent UN members at the White House? Nah, save that one for your private collection. The historic moment when the Cleveland Browns got so tired of losing that they went rogue and declared war on the United States, killing five hundred, and forever branding themselves a terrorist organization? Getting warmer, but still no. Your presentation needs to end with an orchestral bang, not a flat note from the clarinet section. See kid, you've got some big shoes to fill. I've never lost a soul to rejoin the living in my entire career, and it's because my slide deck is money. So what's in my last slide? Easy. It's one of those dreaded stats slides. Specifically, the number of people that chose to live versus the number that chose to die. At first I fudged the numbers, but now I don't have to anymore. They don't even have to know why the want to die, all they know is that nobody else has ever chosen to live. One look at my neatly formatted and aesthetically pleasing bar chart, and the souls do all the rest of the reasoning for themselves. I made dying trendy kid, so please, when you take my place, don't make it go out of style. *** For more prompts and writing: /r/ghost_write_the_whip 