
The auras around the place were all magnificent. Red, green, purple, bright yellow. And there seemed to exist nothing else than auras and an endless, borderless white, the white of a doctor's waiting room, sterile and pure. The auras seemed to be dancing, always shifting a little, hovering, floating in the white nothingness. One of the auras spoke: "These organisms seem to be at the level where they have finally broken the atomic nucleus and are using it for energy. We are not sure how much longer until they are able to achieve contact with the rest of the sentient universe, but we are sure it will be between 2 and 5 chronols from now." as it spoke the last words, the yellow orb of light seemed to dim for a little, almost as if in distress. "TWO? This is a little too soon than we anticipated now, isn't it?" another round orb of light answered, this one bright red and slightly larger than the other one. "you also said you had something else to tell me, something we didn't know so far? Was that it?" "No, Great One. We did some more work on the physical vessels of these humans. We found every single one of them has a Glarnak inside their chest cavity. They call it a "heart" and it has managed a sort of relationship with their physical bodies. It feasts on most of the energy they are able to transfer from the oxygen and the food they consume." "A Glarnak?! Impossible, the Glarnak have been extinct for aeons, we made sure each one died in the physical world, we sent everything we had against them. How could it be?" "It seems that they survived only on this little planet... and they infected the whole place. They're in most organisms there, and the scary thing is they've evolved. They never stop as long as their host's physical body is alive. Not for one second. They are alert, they are deeply rooted in the bodies, so far that the humans believe they are all they have." "What do you mean?" the red aura started getting more and more intense. "They think the only life they get is the physical world. And they use everything at their disposal to keep the Glarnak inside them alive, at any cost. There's one more thing..." the yellow orb was starting to dim again, almost flickering "But the Glarnak are still contained?" the red orb blared. "We believe that the Glarnak have achieved such a deep relationship with their human hosts... that they merge their corporeal bodies with them too. They are riding them to our world. And there's billions of them on the way." 