
Rob often came with a smile, and a bag of donuts to my house. "How's your day?" he would ask, and we would answer, "we robbed a drugstore, advanced on our bank robbery plans," to which he would nod, and after a short-lived, laugh would say, "the usual, then." From then on, we would proceed to drink beers with him and the gang, speaking of our next big hit, and the security shifts at the bank. All the while, he would be smiling. Yes, even while he ate, he smiled; and when he spoke, he would speak of random things, like the ocean, or the beach. We were convinced he was not right in the head, but he always brought donuts, and from time to time he would tell a good joke, and for that we were grateful. Last night, after many beers, we decided to finish perfecting our plan to rob the bank. Rob was there, yet he was half-asleep. Still, from time to time he would wake up, watch our hands, and if they were empty he would fill them with a new beer. We loved him for that. Two days later, we were entering the bank. Masks on, guns hidden in our underwear. The guards were changing shifts. We had ten minutes to perform the whole robbery, and for us, that was plenty of time. We broke in, pulled out our guns, raised them aloft. Tom made the usual speech for the people to calm down, and for the cashiers to give us small and unmarked bills only. And so, after the first screams faded away, the silence was absolute, and everyone was on the ground, covering their ears. I forded across the shallow ocean of people, inspecting their faces, and there I recognized the manager. I hoisted him to his feet, placed the muzzle on his temple. His sweat fell, sticking his hair to his forehead. He was nervous. Perfect. While the others filled the bags. I pulled the manager toward the great strongbox. He unlocked it after some back and forth, and I told him to remain on the ground, unless he wanted his kneecaps to be shot. In the room behind the strongbox, they held the most valuable things inside small drawers that could only be opened with certain keys. We knew the 10th drawer had an enormous diamond inside. For this reason, we'd stolen the key a week ago. And so I went there, opened it-- The drawer didn't unlock. Fear crippled me. I shook it away, and tried again. It didn't work. Cursing under my breath, I bolted out of the room, and there, in the entrance, I found several pools of blood, and above them the corpses my friends. There, standing amidst them, in a police uniform, was Rob. He was smiling, as he always was. Before I could properly aim, he shot me in the chest, and I fell to the ground, gasping, feeling the cold mantle of death envelop me. At last, Rob passed beside me, kicked the gun away from my hand, and lifted my mask. "I'm sorry," he said, then spoke in a terribly loud voice through his communicator, and moved toward the strongbox. "I need backup at the Rischbury Bank right now." Seconds later, he passed beside me again, the alarms blaring in my ears. He looked at me, and opened his palm. There he had a small key. The key of the drawer. Smiling, he left, holding his chest. When the police trickled in, he simply walked out the door, and they arrested me immediately. Soon after, having barely survived, my lawyer told me the diamond had been stolen, and they didn't have the slightest clue of who had done it, for the cameras had been hacked, and they hadn't recorded a thing. "It was Rob Winchairlin," I shouted at the top of my lungs. "That fucker. He stole the diamond." "You have told us that already," my lawyer said, "but I fear there's no one with that name in the police force, nor in the state." ------------------------------ r/NoahElowyn -- Consider checking my subreddit out! Fantasy is more of my thing, but you will find all sorts of stories there. 