
The red mist descends before your eyes as you hear the slow sarcastic clap. "Well. Fucking. Done. You know, I'm really only here as a warning, we never actually expected anyone to end up here. There really is nothing good about you, is there?" Satan melts toward you and wraps his body around yours, with his face looming above you. "So..." he hisses with a smirk, "What went wrong?" Confused, you desperately wrack your brain to think of an answer. Were you really so terrible? You never killed anyone. You were never even rude to anyone as far as you remember, you pretty much barely even existed, resigning yourself to playing games all day. "Uh..." you begin, "I... think there must have been a mistake. I know I can't be the worst person who ever lived. I barely even lived. My life never affected anyone else's-" "-BINGO" Satan snaps his fingers in your face. "You got it, my friend. You never even tried to do anything for anyone, did you?" He unwraps himself from around you and retreats to a chair engulfed in shadow nearby. "You sat and helped yourself, gorged on your video games and take-away food, avoiding people at all costs." Satan stares at you for a moment as if he's looking into your very soul. "And..." he continues... "You never loved anyone. You wasted the most precious human gift, threw it away because you were too frightened of rejection. It's truly pathetic." You think for a moment you must be in some crazy dream. Sure, you didn't do much to help anyone in your life, but you certainly didn't hurt anyone and couldn't be the worst person in the world. You muster up some confidence and ask Satan, "So tell me exactly how I am a worse person than Mussolini? Hitler? Pol Pot? The amount of people who have caused countless suffering and death on those around them... I can't even begin to think. And none of them ended up here, yet I did?" Satan rolls his eyes and let's out another long drawn out hiss. "These men were misguided, but in their own minds they were doing absolute good. They thought they struggled to save humanity, save their people, or create a better world. Each person is created with a vision, even you. That vision can get twisted along the way, but everyone follows it. Everyone, except for you. You sat idly by, deep down knowing you were wasting yourself. You didn't even attempt to change, and that is how you ended up here." A chill rushes down your spine and you begin to feel sick. As if something more real than you had ever felt before had just hit you like a truck going 200mph. You fall to your knees and realise what had become of you... You remember all the times you sat and thought, "I should probably do something today" only to sit down and watch TV and eat food. With each passing moment you feel pins and needles sticking in you all over, sharp pins... suddenly it feels like someone really is shoving scalding hot pins into your body. This really is hell... this... really... You see a sliver of light appear before you and hear the faint sound of a child's voice. You open your eyes and realise you're in a warm bed, and a child is beside you. Your child. Your little girl. She's poking you in the arm with a cocktail stick trying to wake you up because it's her birthday. You breathe a sigh of relief and hug your little girl harder than you ever have done before. You sit there and feel glad of the fact that all those years ago you finally found the drive to change yourself, and realised that nobody was going to do it for you. That day, you feel invincible. Go easy on me, have never written anything before and didn't have much time. I realise the formatting and probably some grammar won't be the best. Just wanted to contribute to one of these for a change. Edit: Wow thanks for the amazing feedback everyone, it's definitely convinced me to try writing some more in the future! Edit 2: Some corrections, thanks to 105milesite for noticing them for me! 