
It pains me to confess the frustration I felt when an update changed the platform my parents uploaded their videos to. They used to be so skilled, so quick when it came to adapting themselves to the changes, but the whiter their hair became, the more their hands trembled, the more trouble they had and the more often the calls asking for help came. Still I helped them, despite how my blood boiled when they didn't understand the simplest of indications. Of course I helped them. Those videos were their happiness, the light and melody in the darkness of their worn, grating clocks. Their videos weren't complex. Not at all. They were as simple as they could be. They sat in front of the camera and talked about their days, sending messages of love to the world. Everything started because they knew there were children out there whose parents or grandfathers weren't around anymore, and to them, what they did, was a way of reaching out to those kids, embrace them with their casual yet tender words. "One is enough," they used to say when their view count was on the single digits. Time went by, as it always does, and one of the clocks ceased grinding. My mother, cheerful, joyful, beautiful as she was passed away at ninety, and she did so peacefully in her sleep. Her passing broke me, and shattered my father in ways no words could ever explain. The pain had been unbearable, and so my father had ceased doing videos for a long time. Until one day I got a notification. He'd uploaded a new video explaining his absence. His followers, which had grown to the tens of thousands, had sent him endless comments full of loving words. I still remember how thrilled and happy he'd been when he'd read them. Tears had fallen down his cheeks like tiny creeks scurrying into the folds of his skin, but they'd been tears of joy. He'd embraced me, and in a frail whisper he'd said, "See how kind people can be if you are kind to them?" A week ago, my father passed the same way my mother did: in the calmness of his sleep. Now there are two hollows within me. And those hollows would never be full again; but that was all right, for with the emptiness came remembrance, and the remembrance always made me smile. They had told me, long ago, that when they were here no more, I had to log into their account. And that's what I did. There, I found a video they hadn't uploaded. It was titled, "When we are gone," and it was addressed to me. In that video my mother cried, and my father did his best to remain serene. "The day will come, Tommy," they said. "If you feel the need to cry, do it. There's no shame in that. But never think that you weren't good enough, or that you could've done things better. You were more than enough, so much more. You were the light of our eyes, the reason of our happiness. We enjoyed every second of our time, and that was thanks to you. "We love you, forever." ------------------------------------------ r/NoahElowyn -- If you enjoyed the story, consider checking out my sub, I have many stories over there! 