
The guy was crying now. "Please, Officer, you have to believe me! I didn't do it, I didn't! I just stole a car, nothing else!" I shook my head. "Mark, Mark, you're just making this worse," I said, trying to inject sympathy into my voice. "You stole that painting from Mr. Lawrence's house - that's not too bad. It wasn't robbery, at least. Given your financial strains the jury probably wouldn't have been too harsh. But to *lie.*" I spit out the word with so much spite that the man flinched. "No, no, please, Officer! I can't even lie!" the man exclaimed. "I would if I could, I would lie to you that yes I did do it, I would admit it all, but I can't I just..." he broke down into sobs again. I shook my head and went out of the interrogation room, shutting the door behind me. "How'd it go, Jules?" Dobson asked, sitting at his desk with a donut. I grimaced. "No admission of guilt from him," I said with a shake of my head, "the perp just won't admit it he did it." "He lying?" Dobson asked, raising a single bushy eyebrow. "That's what I think," I said. Dobson got up from his desk with some effort - courtesy of those donuts he ate, and walked over to stand beside me and look at the perp through the one way window into the interrogation room. "He's a fantastic actor if he is lying," Dobson said. I snorted. "They all are, Dobson, every single one. They're experts, master manipulators. They ruthlessly exploit their ability, trying to dupe the rest of us. You and I, we work hard, do honest work - and these guys take advantage of that." That got the reaction I wanted. Dobson sneered at the crying man. "Parasites, the lot of them," he snarled. "He'll get away with it too," I said with a shake of my head. Dobson looked up sharply. "You're kidding!" he said. I shrugged, "what can I do, Dobson. The courts insist we treat every man as Honest until proven otherwise." "And we don't have proof?" "I caught him after he'd switched vehicles," I said. "And the painting wasn't on him. So, we only have circumstantial evidence. We can only get him on Grand Theft Auto." "Another leech back out into the world," Dobson muttered and bit into his donut almost angrily. Here came the risky part. "Not necessarily," I said testily. Dobson looked at me suddenly. "How do you mean that, Jules?" "Can you make sure the recording camera doesn't function for the next five minutes," I asked. "And make sure no one else walks into the interrogation room." Dobson chewed. I could almost picture the gears turning in his head. To my relief he nodded, slowly at first then more vigorously. "Yeah. Yeah, sometimes the system just can't get the job done. I'll get the cameras, Jules, you do what you have to do." I nodded and went inside the room. The perp didn't even look up. I just sat down in the room and braided my hair. No sense in leaving unnecessary DNA evidence. After around five minutes, I walked out. They perp had never even looked at me. No one had been watching through the window either - Courtesy of Dobson. Dobson was waiting in the hall outside. "You leave any bruises?" he asked. "Nah," I said with a snort, "I am not an amateur, I have the best record in the god damn state, Dobson, give me some credit." He grunted in assent. "You get a confession?" "Yeah," I lied. "I did." *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 