
Skyrim was free, and the souls of the brave were safe in Sovngarde once more. That was what mattered...regardless of the things I'd had to do to accomplish it. I knew when I struck my various bargains with the Princes that there would be an ultimate price to pay, beyond the little favors I had to do for them on Tamriel. So, when I died at last, Sovngarde was not my destination. I was drawn to Oblivion, and already I could feel them pulling at me from a dozen different directions, hungry for the meat of my soul. Not Azura, though -- perhaps she knew what the others did not, or perhaps she was simply content with our original bargain. Meridia as well, held herself aloof from the mad scrabble for the coveted soul of the Dovahkiin, and Sheogorath, I noted, was absent, too. That last wasn't surprising, this just wasn't his style. As their avaricious clawing intensified, I grimaced in pain. The conflicting powers of the Daedric Princes were trying to tear my soul apart. But then, I had become very familiar with the nature of souls, over my long life. Some of my knowledge came from studying the many tomes at my disposal as Archmage of Winterhold, but much of it was just the result of experience. I was practically a connoisseur, Talos knows. But it really started with the souls that my great foe had devoured in Sovngarde, and that I therefore absorbed when I vanquished my nemesis. In time, I could feel those bold warriors resolve into seperate entities within me. And in time, I learned their names, by which I called them forth, and then sent them home again. I had discovered by accident that there was something just...*immutable* about the souls of sentient beings. They defied all attempts at true destruction, at "digestion", if you will. You could contain one, you could transfer one, and in some cases even control one...but no matter what you did, they simply would not *end.* They are immortal, eternal, and ultimately indestructible; rip them up into to a thousand thousand pieces if you want, but every atom of every soul that ever was will -- someday, somehow -- drift back together and become whole. It is the natural order of things, an innate syntropy that balances out the universe's tendency towards entropy. This was a fact that I felt sure even the Princes were unaware of. Had they been aware, I am certain they would not have drawn me here, to their domains, but rather would have been glad to see my soul fly free, whether to Sovngarde or Akatosh. They did not know, or did not consider, how souls once consumed could be re-constituted and evoked, nor how souls vanquished in life might be bent to the will of the one who conquered them. Still, their power was immense. and I could not even move as they drew me ever closer, and I began to see their faces in the void: Mora, Vile, Hircine, and the rest...they were ravenous. But I didn't need to move -- I only needed to *speak*. And so I spoke the first word of a litany of words I had memorized against this day. Or more precisely, I *shouted* a word: AL-DU-IN! *(Cleaned up and slightly revised to address a couple issues. I know it's not in line with all the lore, but I'm just having fun, here.)* 