
The vial rolled across the green felt table. The contents sloshed lazily against the glass walls. For a split second, the misty blue gas flashed red. 'Take your perfume bottle back,' Heathcliff said, adjusting his wire-framed glasses. The Stranger furrowed his slug-like eyebrows and turned his sunken eyes toward Heathcliff. 'A soul is worth more than all of the plastic chips on this table combined.' Heathcliff reached inside his jacket pocket and withdrew his wallet. He flipped it open and thumbed out a plastic membership card. Heathcliff slid it across the table and said. 'I'll match your soul with a free pass to heaven.' The Stranger reached over and examined the Costco loyalty card between his thumb and index finger. 'This won't get you into heaven.' Heathcliff roared with laughter. 'No shit.' The Stranger tossed the card back to Heathcliff, who in turn, rolled back the vial. It landed snugly in the Strangers outstretched palm. Once again, it pulsed red, as if protesting against its haphazard treatment. 'Listen to it,' The Stranger said. He raised the vial to his ear, tilted his head, and smiled. 'I think you'll recognise the voice.' 'Like listening to the ocean through a shell?' Heathcliff said, shaking his head. 'No thank you.' The Stranger slid the vial across the table. It landed neatly against the cushioned side in front of Heathcliff, and he hesitated to pick it up. He paused because when he touched it briefly before, there had been a static-like shock. Heathcliff looked at the vial, and then at the Stranger's eager face. He hovered a hand over the vial. There was an electric current that tingled in the space between his hand and the vial, like the giddy air moments before a thunderstorm. 'Go on,' The Stranger said. 'Touch the *bottle of perfume*, as you called it.' Heathcliff wrapped his hand around the vial. A bolt shot through his arm and straight into his heart. Though he could not see it, the Stranger saw his eyes mist over with the same incessant blue of the vial. 'Now listen to it.' Heathcliff dared not move the vial and bent his ear to it instead. The closer he got, the clearer he could hear the voice. It was a single voice, raspy at first, calling for something. No, someone. *Heathcliff.* The vial uttered *his* name, over and over and over. It seemed so close. Heathcliff wanted to squeeze the gas from the vial, break the glass in his fist and let the voice out. The Stranger appeared by Heathcliff's side, clamping one hand around his wrist and the other plucked the vial from his grip. Heathcliff closed his fingers around the space, his features went limp. 'That was my voice,' Heathcliff stammered. The Stranger returned to his seat across from Heathcliff and said. 'While you laughed it off before, I know that you sold your soul a *long* time ago.' 'No,' Heathcliff lied. 'But, you didn't feel right. Something was missing. You couldn't explain the feeling, or put it into words, but you weren't *you*. It took you a few years, but you managed to steal a soul. I want the soul you stole.' Heathcliff licked his lips. 'I'll trade it for the vial.' The Stranger smiled. 'I'm afraid, that won't do. You either leave here with both or none.' --- /r/WrittenThought 