
Rose gently placed a slender white palm on the rocky walls of the cave and closed her eyes. She focused, channeling all her focus onto the tips of her fingers. She could feel the concentrations of the minerals and ores beneath the surface layer of rock. A byproduct of her frankly inhuman senses. She held for a breath for a moment as she felt a tiny current of air from far beneath the rock. "*Gotcha*," she murmured, under her breath. Taking a step back, she gestured to the section of the rock cavern with a casual wave. "Here. Just bust through it, and we should be good." The team of burly-looking miners grunted in assent and moved to work without a single cry of dissent. She smiled to herself. It hadn't taken long for her to earn their respect. Her reputation of being the greatest spelunker in the world wasn't just for show, after all. Her abilities- well, and their drawbacks- lent themselves nicely to the life she'd chosen to lead. There was her ability to see perfectly in the dark. Her strength and speed made it possible to escape from the most dangerous of situations unscathed, and also made her very handy with a pickaxe if it came right down to it. She could survive for weeks on end with scarcely any food or water. And of course, there was her enhanced senses, the way the darkness reached out like an extension of her own fingertips, allowing her to find sealed off parts of cave systems or rich veins of precious ores. Rose was undeniably the best. Besides, a life spent underground suited her well. No need to hide under a cloak all the time, darting from shade to shade. No need to stand outside every door, waiting to be invited inside. No one lived in caves anyways. And she'd largely weaned herself off of human blood. The occasional bloody steak was more than enough for her. Perhaps most of all, no need to deal with Kresniks that didn't *get* that she didn't hurt humans. She couldn't understand why her clan had disapproved so strongly of her choice, and she had the feeling that they didn't really know why either. It was passed down from generation to generation. "Never head underground. It is not a place for vampires like us." Nothing more than folklore, some superstition made to keep young vampire children out of caves. She had snorted at the very idea, and scoffed at the suggestion that she was doing something dangerous. It was the *perfect* job for her, and she loved it. Now, she was leading a team into the deepest section of the Ruby Cave. Despite the name, there were no rubies in sight, but it was legendary nonetheless. Rumour had it that the depths of the cave held treasures beyond human imagination. Half the cave system was sealed off, blocked by dislodged rocks from an earthquake years ago. No one even knew where to start digging, but Rose was different. Slowly but surely, Rose could lead a team to where no one had set foot in a thousand years. As they burst through the thick section of rock, the tunnel opened up into a more spacious cave. Rose grinned, and took a step into the newly-discovered cavern. Then her whole body tensed up and froze. She couldn't take another step. She tried again and again, but it was as if she'd run into an invisible barrier. Rose's eyes widened in shock. Could it be? She gestured to the miner beside her, who looked deeply confused at their leader's antics. Was she miming? Rose spoke quickly and gruffly, trying to conceal the panic in her voice. "Drake, you go in first." The man raised his eyebrows at her, wondering what she was playing at. But he acquiesced, and took a step towards the mouth of the new cavern. Then another, and another, effortlessly gliding through the invisible barrier that had stopped Rose in her tracks. Rose furrowed her brows, her mind reeling in shock. This was someone's *home*? She couldn't enter, not without permission. An unfortunate side-effect of being a vampire, certainly, but not one she had expected to encounter *here*. As she stood there, she heard a loud noise, rocks crashing in the distance, and a warm blast of wind shooting out from the depths of the cave. Something was *stirring*. A primal fear emerged from the deepest part of her mind. Every cell in her body was screaming '*danger*'. Without warning, a roar blasted out from deep within the cave, a roar that sounded monstrous. No, monstrous was an understatement. It sounded... *draconic*. "WHO DARES INTRUDE ON MY TERRITORY!" a voice bellowed, followed by a loud sniff. "I SMELL HUMANS... AND A VAMPIRE? HAS YOUR RACE FORGOTTEN THE LESSON I TAUGHT THEM ALL THOSE YEARS AGO?" Rose swallowed hard, and turned around. "What are you waiting for?" she yelled, "Run!" *I write a story a day [here](http://yearofpilgrimage.wordpress.com)* *more stories at /r/chasing_mist* 