
The woman he'd taken as a wife eight years prior was restless beside him. She had grown restless the past few nights, plagued by her dreams again. "I don't think you should hold court," she said, still half asleep as he tied his sandal's straps. "This isn't right. He's innocent." He almost felt a rush of affection for her. She had sweet innocence and naivety that regularly caught him unawares, but still enamored him. Her era was still dark, and her life short. In that instant, he almost recalled what it was to feel guilt. But the moment passed almost as quickly as it came and his visage was cold again. He rose from his bed and made his way down the hall wordlessly, never looking back her way. The court had returned from Herod, who did as he had been paid to do. The prisoner received no sentence from the regional monarch, which would make his decision all the more powerful. He wanted the bounty assessors to see that his work was deliberate, thoughtful. He'd lost this bounty twice before. The target had managed to shield himself from capture just long enough to slip off to another system and preach his message. "Son of God," he'd called himself before, and now a third time it seemed. Grandiose claims about the end of existence, about how he would taste death but escape it. Unique rabble, but rabble all the same. This time, however, he was caught. As he walked out to the jeering crowd, he beheld the prisoner again. His trained eyes didn't betray his excitement, but he felt his heart racing as the man came before him. "And what has Herod said," he asked Caiaphas. "He has returned him to you," the high priest said, moving through his sizable body of supporters. "So he has. I will speak with him then." Caiaphas appeared ready to object, but his Roman guard grabbed the prisoner and brought him into the privacy of the palace, away from the raucous crowd. "Governor? That's a departure for you. You never seemed interested in the role of the politician" the prisoner said when they were alone. "The King of the Jews?" Pilate's eyebrow was raised. "Is that your assessment or their's?" The prisoner said, a look of frustration on his blood stained brow. "I'm not one of them. I didn't even capture you. They brought you to me. What could you possibly have done to be so careless?" Pilate was beaming. The prisoner straightened up. "You no doubt know, my purpose is beyond these worlds. If I were like them, even like you, my followers would descend on this place and save me. But I'm heir to a greater kingdom than the union of galaxies." Pilate shifted in his seat. "So, what then, you're a king? Is that what you've been telling them?" The prisoner smiled. "Do you need it to be that simple? Then sure, it's as you say. But honestly, I'm not here to lead armies and claim thrones. You would see this world covered in darkness from what we know. From what I know. But I came here to bring them the truth. And you can't kill the truth. It comes back eventually." Pilate's throat tightened. If too much had been shared, the bounty itself would matter little. This entire system would be in jeopardy, obliterated most likely. And he would be held accountable. "What is truth?" He said, trying to sound strong. How much had this world been told? The prisoner simply smiled. --- He knew the assessors would want a good faith effort demonstrated in validating guilt before they would pay out the entire sum, so Pilate feigned a willingness to crucify the prisoner. But soon enough, the man was on his way out of the city, and his efforts were at last on the cusp of fruitfulness. In order to ensure he could collect the body for his reward, he made a show of stationing soldiers at the execution and burial site. In this skin, he couldn't smell is own, and he didn't want anyone claiming his prize out from under him. He knew the political tensions among the citizenry would devise a good enough explanation of its own right so he couldn't be criticized by the assessors for creating an undue burden in the Earth system. Adherents would claim the tomb had been ransacked and desecrated. Opponents would claim his disciples had stolen the corpse. They would resolve their skirmish in time and the prisoner would be forgotten. In the twilight hours a few days removed from the execution, he put together his disguise. His own garrison wouldn't recognize him before he blinded them in a flash of light and enter to collect his bounty. For the sake of the people in this system, he couldn't let rumors of his involvement fuel speculation of the bounty's legitimacy. He and the man need be forgotten. The door to his chamber swung open with a crash. A winded soldier bent over, panting and sweating. He looked up at Pilate with terror in his eyes. "What is it?" Pilate yelled. "The man. The Nazarene, Jesus," The shaken soldier managed to utter. "He, he --" Pilate's heart sank as his eyes went wide. "What! Out with it!" The soldier attempted to straighten up. "He's gone." 