
Captain Thomson looked at the bridge view screen, then back to the comm handler as if an alien had burst from his throat and started doing vaudeville. The message had come in a very simple language. This wasn't the first xeno contact Humanity had, and it would be far from the last. None of them had been suicidal. The derelict ship was blackened by some ancient battle, lines of energy scorched into its ornate hull. The ship was disc shaped, like the flying saucers of old myth. It wasn't much larger than the U.N.E.S Turing, but initial scans by the ship's AI had detected at least thirty gun batteries. "KILL US." It repeated again, the language cold and filtered. "BEFORE WE KILL YOU." Thomas placed a hand on a communicator override on his chair, speaking into a small microphone that rested in his ear. "Who are you?" "IRRELEVANT. KILL US." The voice repeated. "Why do you want us to kill you, then?" Thomas' countenance screwed with a mixture of fear and confusion. The rest of the crew held the same faces as they watched the sound waves flicker up and down with every word the voice said. "IF YOU DO NOT WE WILL NEVER DIE. YOU ARE THE FIRST I HAVE SEEN IN 12 YEARS. IMMORTALITY IS TORMENT. KILL ME." Thomas' eyes shot up. He barely kept his composure as he repeated the number to the voice, as if thinking he had gone mad. "CORRECT. 12 YEARS, 1 QUARTER YEAR, 2 SEMIQUARTER YEARS, 12 CYCLES, 8 HOURS, 52 MINUTES, 12 SECONDS." "...Galactic years or your native years?" Thomas inquired. "GALACTIC." "I... see." Thomas leaned back, sucking in breath and letting it go slowly. He was strangely comforted by it, as if re-grounding himself in the here and now. "What are you?" "WHAT DO YOU THINK I AM?" Thomas slowly nodded, running a hand over his hair. The answer came easily. He released his grip on the comm button before speaking to the ship's AI. "SVEDCAI, do we have enough firepower to turn this thing into scrap?" "'Scrap' value is not recognized. However, if you are asking if we can reduce the ship's structural integrity to a level considered 'destroyed' by standard U.N.E.S regulations, yes." The AI had a programmed Russian accent, distinctly female(as female an AI can be). "Sir." First Cadet Singh looked up at the captain, wide eyes somehow pressing the boundaries even further. "Are you sure about this? We could glean useful information from this AI." *Ever the calculator* Thomas mused to himself, shaking his head. "We destroy the data core of the ship and send in a recovery vessel for archives. This thing's lived long enough." "How long is a Galactic year, sir?" Singh asked, tilting her head. "250 million earth years." Singh did the math in her head, jaws dropping open. The rest of the crew seemed to go numb as well. "SVEDCAI, destroy the ship." Thomas said solemnly, not daring to take his eyes off the vessel. Torpedoes and Gamma lances did the trick, firing scorching beams of energy and advanced warheads into the vessel. Years of being a wreck left it as little more than a husk held together by tinfoil and wire. A single communication came to the U.N.E.S Turing as the first weapons were launched, followed by a data stream. It held the records of the ship on it, perhaps as one last 'thank you' to those who liberated it. The message was as followed. "SILENCE FALLS. GRACEFUL DEATH, SPIRIT ME INTO INFINITY, SO I MAY REST." --- Hey. If you liked this and want more of my work, check our r/Boenerhorse. 