
He'd been at war for decades, a mere fraction of the time humanity had spent destroying itself, but the end was finally here. He thought back to the first time he gassed a major city; the death toll in the hundreds of thousands, and he sighed away the images of dead children in his mind. '*I had to do it,*' He reasoned with himself, as he did every night. '*They united because of me*.' Before he started attacking humanity indiscriminately, the world was on the verge of total destruction. Trade wars, food and water shortages, mass migrations, and all because people refused to set aside their differences for a common cause -so he gave them one. An explosion above him rocked his underground bunker, dirt showering down around him. His last attacks had really set things in motion; seven bombs in seven major cities, it happened almost five months ago and the death toll was still anyone's guess, but it garnered the desired effect. Peace talks between bitter rivals had begun almost instantaneously, and nations reached monumental deals with one another to unite against the greater threat. '*Will the peace last, or will they turn on each other as soon as I'm gone?*' The thought shook him harder than the charges on his lair's blast doors, and he welcomed the arrival of his executioners. "GET ON THE FUCKING GROUND!" "HANDS UP, NOW!" Lights blinded his eyes through thick clouds of dust and smoke, and the shouts of numerous men in tactical gear blended into an ugly symphony. He knelt down, calmly placing his hands on his thighs. Two of the men charged forward, assessing the kneeling man. "He's unarmed!" One of them shouted, circling around his rear. The dust was finally beginning to clear, and the kneeling man examined the death squad. Patches with flags of various nations lined their uniforms, and this brought joy to the surrendering villain. '*They've united, I've done it.*' He praised himself as a man zip tied his hands behind his back. A dark-skinned man approached him from the front, his weapon lowered. "You've committed horrendous and unforgivable acts against the human race, and it's time you paid for it." He turned to his associate to his left. "Put a bullet in his fucking head." The villain was pleased, he'd hoped they'd kill him on the spot. "What?" Someone in the rear interjected. "The hell with that! This asshole murdered my entire family, we're torturing him right here, right now." A few of the men voiced their agreement. Someone else stepped forward. "Nobody's touching him. He'll pay for his crimes, but he'll receive a fair trial first!" A few more cheers and affirmations. "Fair? This psycho murdered millions without a second thought, he's not leaving here alive!" The room erupted as the men argued amongst themselves, and soon their attention was turned entirely from the man they came for and directed at each other. Some began hurling racial slurs, others yelling out passionately in languages foreign to the villain, and soon their voices were replaced with gunfire and the wails of dying men. In the chaos the villain had hit the deck and crawled over to a console along the rear wall. '*I knew it, god damnit, I knew it couldn't last!*' He reached the console and rose up, eyeing a black button encased in a glass cover. The finals shots had rang out, and the moaning around the room had ceased. He used his nose to flip the glass cover open, and readied to head butt the button. "Freeze!" Someone from behind him shouted, and the man stopped with his face just inches away from the console. He heard footsteps approaching from behind, and a weapon being reloaded. "I told you, you're going to pay for what you've done." The steps ceased, and the villain felt the barrel of a gun press to the back of his head. "Was it all worth it, you maniac?" The villain took a deep breath in through his nose, inhaling a pungent mixture of blood and lead. "No, I suppose it wasn't..." He let his head fall onto the button, and his last attack against humanity launched just as the bullet entered his skull. r/BeagleTales 