
"Alright Fleshy," I say to my body which was now shambling around. "We're smart. We can do this." For a moment it seemed like my body could hear me, as it turned to face my general direction. It even appeared to be confused. "I know, not smart enough to not get bitten by a zombie. But, hey, they're surprisingly quick." Fleshy let out a long droning sound, before shuffling himself towards the door. "Hey hey, no no no," I said as I floated over to him. I stood in the doorway, placed a hand on each side of the arch, and held my ground. He just walked straight through me, without a care in the world. I could feel the disappointment surge through my body, before turning around. "It's those kind of idea's that got you into this mess." I say out loud. I follow Fleshy as he walks along. He seems to be attracted mostly to sound. Whenever there is a large crash (Another zombie breaking through something, or falling over, hell, one fell off a roof. I shouldn't have laughed, but I did) he instantly changes direction and follows the noise. It was a little discouraging to say the least. "Oh come on!" I yelled out to Fleshy. "Lift your feet while you walk. I just bought those shoes, look what you've done to them." They had already began to tatter and tear. He just pushed his feet over every obstacle that he came across, oblivious to the fact. A gunshot rippled through the air. It wasn't only Fleshy that it caught the attention of. Every zombie around us turned to the noise and began to pace. "Oh shit, bollocks, damn, no." I mutter quickly to myself before making a quick dash behind Fleshy. "Let's go the other way. There's probably some humans in the hospital you can eat, they're already sick! You might be doing them a favor! If they're Undead, it's better than the other option." I moved through Fleshy so I was facing his face. "You know, just being dead. That's what I am. Trust me, it feels like no one listens to you." Fleshy didn't even look me in the eyes, he just moved through me again, and marched on towards the noise. "Okay, just gotta block his way. Can I still interact with the world? Is that how ghosts work..." I took a few seconds to think about it. In horror movies they do. Sometimes. Wait, no, that's only poltergeists, a specific kind of ghost. How do you become a poltergeist again? Something about... angry deaths or something? I think. I'm pretty pissed about this whole thing. I feel like this counts. I watched Fleshy as he continued to waddle, like a festering duck. The gunshots came louder and more rapid. A few of the zombies around us stopped moving and sniffed the air. The scream they let out will haunt my nightmares. The blood left curdling in their throats, the agony that their souls had been carved with and the ferocious sound of hunger. They immediately began to sprint towards the noise. Fleshy, though, continued to waddle without any real caution. "Okay, that's a positive. You haven't gone all..." I looked over at my body as it slowly walked. "Resident-Evil-Zombie. No weird tentacles or anything, that's good. You're a Romero! How lovely! Nice and slow, stay that way." I quickly walked past Fleshy and took a look around. About five-hundred meters away I could see gunshots and hear screaming. Unfortunately, there was nothing in the path between Fleshy and the gunshots. It was a straight line. "Why did we have to be in the suburbs..." I say to myself. "If you were in the city I could... block you off in some room, lure you into a sewer drain, christ, I could have just left you alone there. No one goes to the big cities during zombie apocalypses. That's the easiest way to die." I could feel what I assumed was sweat building up on back, then I got confused as to how I could still sweat, before just cursing into the air over and over. Suddenly, an open car door took my attention. "Ooooo" I say, as I run over to the car. I slam my fists on the car horn over and over, and to my joy, the horn rang as loud as it possibly could. I continued to whack at the horn, over and over and over and over again in the hopes Fleshy would notice. For the first bit of luck I had today, he did. He let out a moronic set of sounds before lazily limping over to the car. He crawled inside and started tearing at the fabric. I floated through the door and slammed him in. He turned back towards the glass, and very slowly started to mush his face and lips into it, trying to bite it. "Good boy," I say. "Good boy." From behind me, they came. Survivors. About six of them. One was bleeding profusely from the leg, as four others kept screaming about leaving him behind, whilst I assume it was his wife who wouldn't let him go. Eventually, his disability and her determination to stay with him caused the zombie horde to overwhelm them. They devoured them quite quickly if I do say so myself. The rest of the survivors just continued to run, and run they did, right past Fleshy who was still locked in the car. "Look at that buddy," I say as I turn around to face Fleshy. "We live to... live another day." I frowned, before turning my back to him and simply laying onto the side of the car. "Today sucks so bad." -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you liked this, check out /r/Rhysyjay 