
Nick Hollinger had never been a fan of government sponsored murder, but standing in line waiting to submit his application to kill someone, he understood its purpose. Some people simply deserved to die and though the justice system worked to a degree, a few slipped through the cracks. Like Lucas Chan, the egotistical millionaire who had slept with his wife. He had caught them tangled together in the bed he had bought slept in for seven years. His wife had screamed as if he was the intruder. Lucas Chan had climbed out of bed, dressed himself, and left with a wink. "Sorry buddy," he had offered. "No hard feelings, right?" The bastard. At that moment, Nick had known exactly who his single sanctioned murder would be and had returned to the Department of Murder the very next day, application in hand. He yawned and checked his watch. He had been waiting in line for almost two hours now. At least there was only a single person in front of him. He passed the time fantasizing about how he would do it. The easiest would be a bullet through the head, but that would be too quick a death for Lucas Chan. "Yeah, I want to submit this application for Nick Hollinger." Nick's brow furrowed and his head snapped toward the sound of his name. It was the man in front of him. He stared at the man, at his 5 o'clock shadow and crumpled button-up. He had no idea who the man was. Perhaps it was a different Nick? "Yeah, for Nick Hollinger, please." Nick turned to see a woman at a separate station handing in the paperwork. "Nick Hollinger." Nick turned again. It was another man he didn't recognize. "Next." He jumped and realized that it was his turn to go up. He walked up to a station, his eyes darting from side to side as he did. All the way there, he heard mentions of his name. At last, he arrived in front of an old woman with puffy white hair and skin that nearly sagged over her eyes. "Who would you like to kill?" she asked in a monotone voice. "Um..." Nick licked his arid lips. "Can I ask about Nick Hollinger?" "Oh." The woman sighed, annoyed. "You're after the money too? People these days, they have such simple reasons to kill. Back in my day--" "What money?" Nick nearly screamed. "Sorry to cut you off, but what money?" The old lady smacked her lips in irritation. "The Kickstarter campaign. The one all over the news. Some millionaire is offering a few hundred thousand dollars to whoever kills him. Should I put you down for Nick Hollinger?" Nick's cheeks drained of color. His breath caught in his throat and it felt like the lady's voice was an echo of an echo. He was definitely the Nick Hollinger in question. "Sir. Sir. Sir!" The lady snapped finally getting Nick's attention. "The application takes three days to process, until then, you are not allowed to touch your target. Please write your target's name, birthday, and any social media accounts he may have so we know you're killing the right Nick Hollinger." "I'm not here to kill Nick Hollinger," Nick whispered. "Oh," the lady shrugged. "My mistake, it's just that everyone who has been in here today has put down Nick Hollinger. Then you'll write a different name in this space here." "And how many people have been here?" Nick squeaked. The lady looked off into the corner of her vision in thought. She finally shrugged. "Hundreds? Today's been the busiest day I've ever had." Nick turned and staggered off. Lucas Chan had crowdsourced his assassination! "Sir," the lady called from behind him. "You haven't completed your application!" But Nick barely heard her. He walked down the tile lobby area, meeting eyes with everyone around him--the people who in three days' time, would be trying to kill him. He swallowed and left the building. --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more! 