
"Please, please, PLEASE go with me tonight. I don't want to go to this party alone." Tracy had me pinned down on the couch, which I would normally not have a problem with, but the way she had me pinned was had nothing to do with fun together time. This was all about her. "I told you I don't like work events, I don't like people. i'll be just the weirdo standing against the wall trying to blend in. No thanks." Smacking my arm (which again I would normally enjoy), Tracy rolled off of me to the open spot on the couch, giving me her best pouty face. Almost like a kitten who is begging for head scratches. That look. "It's ok if you want to hold the wall up after we arrive, I just don't want to walk in alone. It's just a publicity event for my marketing firm. We walk in, shake hands, kiss babies, and grab a drink or 2. We can be in an out in a couple hours. Pleeeeessseee?" Again, with the pouty kitten face. Trace knows how that melts me. Stupid girl weapons. "Fine! Couple hours. And in trade you go see that movie I was talking about with me this weekend. Guess I need to go change." Tracy squealed with glee, she almost had a glow about her. Clapping her hands, she bounced up from the couch like a dancer. "Perfect! I rented you a tux, it's in the closet. And I'll even sweeten the pot, when we get home tonight, I'll put on something new for you. Now I need to go get ready too, meet you at 5, my place?" With a kiss, Trace practically floated from the room. 5pm. I'm in my rented black tuxedo, with a blue (of all things) tie, standing in front of her door. As my hand moves towards it to knock, all I can think of is 'I don't want to do this, I don't want to do this, I hate people, I don't want to do this' and then I knock. All my anxiety disappears when the door opens. "Well howdy, stranger!" The line that got me in that smokey club one Saturday night. Only that night, she was in a t-shirt and jeans. Now, standing their with a huge grin on her face, was Trace. In an aqua blue dress, she looked like flowing water when she moved. "You...look...amazing. I just, wow." Tracy giggled, looking me up and down as well. "You do too, sweetie. Again, thanks for coming. I hate these things too, but it's required. So will be much easier with you there for protection." "I look like a penguin, but thanks. Now, I'll get a cab." "No need babe, the firm sent a car." That's when I noticed the black Lincoln Continental to my left, shining like a black pearl. The drive only took about an hour, heading away from suburbia to the Vegas Strip. We rarely went to the city, Trace said with her job she got enough fluorescent lighting. I hated it because again, people. I was not prepared for the crowd when we stopped in front of the Luxor Casino. People, everywhere. The driver opened Trace's door, and as soon as Trace's leg hit the pavement I saw flashing bulbs everywhere. Pretty sure I froze, because it wasn't until Trace's hand latched onto my arm did I even make a move towards the open door. "Come on sweetie, it's ok. Nobody is gonna bite you. Hard, anyway." As we both stood on the sidewalk, feet on a red carpet, and heads in some strange electric flash party, I slowly started to put the numbers together. X+Y = Z squared. But it wasn't until I heard the announcer did I really figure it out. "And joining us now on the Red Carpet is Miss Trixxie Starr!  She is up for best supporting actress for the movie *Bombshells of Boston*, which is also one of the top contenders for Movie of the Year!" And that kids, is how I discovered I was dating a celebrity porn star. 