
Whenever our people find new life in the galaxy, by tradition, we show them our true forms. Every member of our species is taught this. It is perhaps our strongest weapon, such that those who oppose us must use machines without fear or mind to fight our military might. This combined with our military has served our people for millennia, either breaking new civilizations's minds such that the population dies out from psychotic breaks, or forcing them into instinctive terror as their minds struggle with even comprehending our appearances. This world would have been no different. It's dominant species was weak looking by galactic standards. Nearly any of our billions of slave cast species would be able to conquer this new species. To start, this new discovery hadn't even learned how to leave their own solar system yet. And yet, when we sent our delegates, our representatives to each of their divided leaders, and they revealed their true forms, we were not met with fear or insanity. Oh, there were some who reacted as expected, but it was not on a species scale, or even societal. But by and large, this species... Their reaction to us was amusement, calling us strange names like Pennywise, Galactus, Gozira, King Kidora or Cthulu, to name a few. More researh would have been done in regard to these terms and their meaning. But my Supreme Leaders, though they reacted at first in amusement, when they comprehended why our empire's representatives were there, of what we were telling them, their attitude did change. But while there were perhaps more fear than at first, most of it was hostility. They are a mad species, is perhaps the best way I can summarize them. The world over, they killed or captured every one of our empire's representatives. Those captured have been interrogated and tortured, many to death, and even the dead were not left alone, each being butchered open as this new species sought to learn of us, of our weaknesses with an alarming level of pragmatic and brutal efficiency. I sent down ships to regain control while harvesting their media streams to learn about this species, and all I learned is we are not their first visitors. We are not their first horrors, and we are not their worst nightmares. They have found ways to kill the bioweapons of the Engineers, and know the best ways to face the tribesmen of the Hunters. They know the monsters that can be found throughout the galaxy and beyond, and yet they do not fear us, have not yet left their system. That is far from the worst, my Supreme Leaders. This mad species destroyed every ship I had ordered down. Even the five battleships, taken out by the insanity we know as splitting an atom. Even now, they are dissecting those wrecks just as they dissected our empire's representatives. But I was wrong. *We* were wrong. We *are* their first visitors. They have never encountered another planet's species. They have not built up weapons of devastation to defend against invaders. All those records we spent hours going over that involved another species, invaders, were fake. Meant for entertainment, fabricated without any true knowledge of actual existence. They concieved the idea of threats and how to kill them, for fun. No, every weapon that has been used against us, even the Atomic Terror... They built it all for one purpose, to fight against the most dangerous thing they knew: each other. The leaders divided would at times declare war between themselves, sometimes uniting to have wars that spanned their whole world, twice in fact for this scale of conflict. Everything has been for killing their own kind as the biggest threat. And we just gave them a new target that they have now unified against. My Supreme Leaders, on discovering the Planet Dirt, third satellite of their star, labeled Star, we have welcomed a courtship with death and madness, for unless our forces here can wipe them out now, I have every belief that this mad species will leave their solar system to come hunting for us. I pray to our Grace, the Eldest Swirl, that this is not my last transmission, but if it is, then I have failed, and the humans are coming for you. Admiral Xzijnoa, of the Imperial Expansion Navy's third fleet, signing off. Edit 1: First ever silver, thank you! (1.2) And now first gold too! Wow! Edit 2: I wasn't even aware there was a Platinum award, but someone out there thought this was good enough for one; I'm kinda blown away with how much attention my submission is getting considering some of the other ones here are excellent as well. 