
*Final edit: I originally meant this as a one-scene short, but seeing as there's a big audience for this, I may write more in the future. So keep an eye out and thank you!* Liam winced as the blade that had scraped his hand landed on the floor. "Goddamnit," he said as the blade bounced on the ground and slid to a halt in front of Vixati. Her eyes melted at the sight of the blood and she shrieked, "Liam! By the Gods! What am I to do?" She grabbed his hand and squeezed it tightly. "We don't have any sealant on this blasted ship, do we?" "Sealant?" Liam looked down at his hands, watching the red blood drip around Vi's green-blue fingers. "Why would I need your sealant?" "You are wounded!" She shook her head, "My foolish hands wounded you and it will surely have detrimental effects on you until we can properly seal the wound." She continued shaking, whispering to herself in her native language that Liam's translator didn't even understand. So much for the best money had to buy. He smiled though, and placed his free hand on her arm, "Vi, I'm fine. Just hand me that towel." "The t-towel?" Two of her four eyes closed as the other two widened. Her species' way of showing confusion and lack of understanding. "What good will a towel do with all this blood?" "Mostly soak it up so it doesn't get on the food, firstly," Liam said and reached over to the counter top with little concern for his bleeding hand. He was about to put it on, but then he saw her hands were still clutched to his. "Uh, Vi, can you?" "What are you doing to do?" "Just wrap it." "What good will that do! You need proper sealant, Liam! I will have Erixati get it for you," she said and lifted one hand towards the counter-top. Liam stopped her. "You're going to get blood on the food." "Better that than letting go!" "Yeah, but the rest of the ship wants food. And I'm not messing up my first week on this cruiser here," he said. Then, "Vi, seriously, just let me stop the bleeding." Slowly, Vi lifted her hand from his own. Liam placed the towel on top of it and wrapped it tightly around. "I just have to stop the bleeding, then I'll clean it, and cover it a few days with bandages." "Bandages?" She watched him wrap the small towel around his hands, slowly and methodically. He wrapped it tight and she watched the blood stop pouring from him. "How did--" "Does your species always use that sealant stuff? Like even for cuts and scrapes?" "Of course!" She took a step back, almost offended. "How else would we heal our wounds? They would bleed us dry." Liam whistled and shook his head, "I, uh. Well, humans--we can well, heal them naturally." "I'm sorry?" She said, and all four of her eyes opened. They turned to a light topaz color. Liam had always been fascinated by that, the fact that their eyes changed color based on their mood. "Yeah, as long as we stop the bleeding first, you know, just let it clot naturally, then they heal. We get scars," he said and pointed to a scar on his arm, one he had received when he fell off his hoverbike as a kid. "Otherwise, only life threatening wounds, you know, plasma burns, gunshots, that sort of stuff--that requires some type of sealant. Though we don't have exactly *that* on our planet." "So you just...leave your wounds open?" Vi asked, "For all the world to see?" "I mean, sure?" Liam shrugged an went over to the sink. He guided Vi over as well and allowed her to clean her hands of his blood. "It's not really us letting the world see them. They're just...*cuts*." "I am...taken aback." "I can tell," Liam said as he opened his towel, changed the water to cold, and began to clean the wound. "You can?" He looked back to her with a smirk, "Your eyes. They change. Light topaz, that means you are curious of things you don't understand." She smiled, her eyes changing colors once more to a light pink. "And pink. Embarrassment. Similar to us, only our faces get flushed." "I am consistently surprised by you humans," she said and went back to the food. "Yeah," he said and turned, "And a word of advice--a falling knife has no handle." She tilted her head. "But...yes, it does." "I--" He stopped and pulled his hand out of the sink, grabbing some towels next to him to pat it dry and wrap once more. "I'll lean you into human idioms eventually." _____ *Check out /r/BlankPagesEmptyMugs for more, or consider following my profile!* *This one blew up which is great, I had fun writing this scene. Thanks everyone for the comments, I'll go through them all and get some responses out soon!* *Now my highest rated story. Wow. Thanks everyone!* 