
"Hello, Welcome to the armory. How can I help you." I trailed off, the system updating me to the player's stats and name in front of me. "John, Please feel free to -", I started until I was cut off by the main menu. John was fledged in dirty armor until I heard a chink of gold, and then my armor started disappearing off my shelf. One by one, my rations fell from my inventory with a digital blzzt, and the character started looking, indicating the transaction was almost complete. "Be safe on your jou-" I was interrupted again. My automated responses were monotone and boring, as I said it to to characters that came through in my store. I ran the village armory, or that's what I see from my standing position, in which I cannot move from. A quick movement caught my eyes. My body was stationary but I could John materialize a potion out of his menu. It was one of my rare potions, I only could maintain a stock of one at a time, or one per player. The players that come into my store had freedom of movement, which I was envious of, but most of them came in to try to steal my belongings, which the game saved me from, an anti-theft zone. Back to John, golden arrows started appearing above his heading, left, right, up, down, left, left. A loud bell chimed in a victory tone, and a gasp escaped my autonomous body as I watched my rare potion duplicate into John's other open palm. Digital words: Cheat Code Activated: Duplicate Item! John equipped both potions and started looking at my counterpart, (the sorcerer) for spells. I had never seen anything like that and I had to try for myself. I pulled up my vendor menu and grabbed a rusty mallet. I quickly though to what I had seen. I motioned my limbs, left, left, right..was it left again, or right? Up, maybe?  I took a breath, and calmed my mind. Left, right, up, down, left, Right... ..A bell chimed and digital words appeared in front of my face: Cheat Code Activated, and foreign words showed up afterwards. Unlock Secret Character! A fluid sensation scared me as my body became unparalyzed, freed of its digital prison. I took a step, and my body took a step. I looked up, by my head went down. I looked left and my vision went right. What is going on? The digital words: Unlock Secret Character! still hung in the air. I brought my menu up, but it was replaced with a new menu, HP/MP, items, Gil, equipment. ..Am I a character now? I walked out from behind my counter, and I grabbed John's character and put in my spot. If I were to leave, someone had to take my spot. I assumed John's spot and spoke to my old position. "Hello, Welcome to the armory. How can I help you", the words sounded familiar but eerie. I backed up, a new emotion of exciting and anxious filled me up. I ran to the door, and reached for the door handle, and a digital menu popped up "Hit the action button to open". I didn't know what an action button was, but I concentrated and touched the door. It opened and the world outside flashed into my eyes, I was finally free. This is my game now, Sorry John. 