
Boo had haunted many different houses over the past thousand years. So far he had always succeeded in driving out the occupants. Nothing gave him more pleasure than seeing the tenants finally snap, pack their bags and leave. This time was different though. This time he had moved in with a God. Boo watched him change the fate of civilizations, protect whole planets, defeat monstrous aliens, build the biggest cities and best all other gods in different challenges. He did it all without ever leaving his home. Like a puppet master, he used his magic window into the world to jump into different Avatars and do his work through them. If one of the Gods' Avatars was bested his fury awakened. He cursed and ranted. The other gods only option seemed to be to cheat in order to win against him. It didn't stop him though, even the worst wounds only temporarily kept him from his work. Boo just couldn't get himself to haunt this God. At first, he had only been reluctant, fearing wrath and retaliation, but over time his reluctance morphed into reverence. He even started to help. He made sure that the fridge door was always open when the God headed into the kitchen. He cleaned up after him, moving discarded pizza cartons and mountain dew cans into the trash. When Boo noticed the mailman arriving he cut the power to the doorbell temporarily. Anything so the God could maximize the time he spent helping the world. "What are you?" it took Boo a second to realize the question was directed at him. Did the God see him? Had he been caught? He looked down at himself and realized he wasn't completely transparent anymore. His concentration must have slipped while watching the God, too mesmerized to keep up his invisibility. "I ... I am Boo," he stuttered, a mixture of shock and awe in his voice. He had been caught a few times before, sometimes on purpose, sometimes by accident. Usually, his appearance frightened people. A round purple blob the size of a basketball. A big single eye in the middle, tentacles growing out in all directions. Not this god though, he was not afraid. He had no reason to be. The God mustered him from tentacle to tentacle and shrugged. "Can you use those to play?" he asked motioning to Boos tentacles with the device he used to control his Avatars. "Play?" Boo asked. Did the God just ask him to help him? "Here, catch!" the God tossed a second device to Boo which he caught with two of his tentacles. The view of the window changed, split in two, showing an Avatar on each side. "Let's play some co-op." ****** r/John_writes 