
Christopher Hughes didn't care that he was halfway around the world, or sitting with men that, if they were above ground, would be his enemies, the tavern was home. Or as close to home as he could get. The warm light of the candles hanging from the cobblestone walls cast flickering shadows on the men around him, illuminating the rare hours when they could all get along. When peace was more important than pride. Christopher smiled as he watched his general slap a German on the back, laughing as he dealt out a hand of cards. He probably didn't even know what they were playing, but it didn't matter. Now was a time to forget the past, block out the future, and enjoy the present. The bartender, a French woman with the loveliest accent he had ever heard, poured him a beer, filling the clear glass all the way to the top. Christopher took a few sips and then swiveled his stool to face the card game. The men's faces were strained and focused as though they were on the battlefield, though instead of throwing grenades, they were tossing cards, shouting in glee as they won an imaginary prize, and howling when they realized they had miscalculated. But no one was angry, that's what made Christopher smile again. No one was angry about losing. They didn't care. They were just here to have a good time. A hand grabbed Christopher's shoulder, startling him almost enough to spill his drink. "Sorry, my friend." A young German man smiled at him, his accent light, but present. "I didn't mean to startle you." Christopher nodded his greeting. "No worries. What's your name?" "Sebastian." He signaled to the bartender, asking silently for a beer and then he took the seat next to Christopher. "And you?" "Christopher." He raised his hand up to shake Sebastian's. The young soldier looked almost surprised to see the request for a handshake, and after a moment of hesitation, he took it happily, allowing a smile to touch both corners of his eyes. "So where do you come from Christopher? I've met a man from Bulgaria, Russia, and France, so far. Did you know the Eiffel Tower was originally an entrance arch?" Sebastian accepted the beer from the bartender and took a few small sips of it, wincing as it burned his throat. Christopher chuckled. The alcohol and his southern accent slurred his words together. "I'm from the United States, from a small town in Georgia." Sebastian tilted his head back as though he were trying to see the stars. The curiosity in his eyes made Christopher sad to see him in this bar, because there was a high chance that one or the both of them would not live to see tomorrow's sunset. Sebastian clicked his tongue. "I've always wanted to visit the States. Heard the Statue of Liberty is quite a sight at night." The two men sat in quiet agreement, just taking in the sounds of clinking glasses and cards being shuffled, and for a moment, everything was perfect. Christopher let out a sigh and fished around for some paper in his jacket pockets, motioning to the bartender for something to write with. Sebastian watched him intently but didn't ask what he was doing. The bartender handed him an old pen, and he began scribbling numbers down on the scrap of paper he had found in his pocket. Then, he slid the paper over to Sebastian and capped the pen. Sebastian read the numbers over and over again until he finally looked up at Christopher for an explanation. "When this war is over, I want you to call me." Christopher pointed at the paper. "You hear me?" Sebastian grinned like a child on Christmas morning. He carefully folded the paper and stuck it in his pocket, patting it just for good measure. Neither of them cared that they were on opposite sides of the war. Down here, they were all good men. Christopher finished off his beer and leaned towards Sebastian. "Because lemme tell you somethin', I ain't never seen the Statue at night either." 