
Every once in a while, when I was bored, I would search my name on Google. My name, Paulinho Frantresky, was a super uncommon name, so stuff about me would always be all that showed. Today, I did it again. I had a large paper to write for one of my classes and didn't really feel like working on it. In a spark of procrastination, I opened a new tab on my browser and entered my name into the top bar and hit enter. Yup. There it was, same as always. First link was always a link to my Facebook page. The next one being my Twitter profile. There was always that article about an interview I had at a gaming convention, a website I had made in 7th grade and an award that I won in Elementary School for perfect attendance. "Hey that's new," I said to myself. Down at the 7th link was a link to a KickStarter campaign. I didn't remember being a part of any KickStarters. I quickly clicked on the link to reveal a large picture of myself stripped straight from my Facebook with the title: *Ruin Paulinho Frantresky's Life* and a total of $500k, 90% of which was already completed. I scrolled down to read the description: ##About this project *Hi. We are a group of professional vigilantes located in the Eastern part of the United States aiming to raise enough money to ruin the lives of some of the most despicable people on this earth.* *These people ruin the lives of all those around them and it is only fair that the same is done to them* *Meet Paulinho Frantresky, the epitome of all that is wrong in this world. Below we have gathered numerous videos and pictures of all the disgusting things that he has done. Take a look and then come back and support our campaign in ruining his life.* --- Despicable person? Disgusting things that I had done? What the hell were they talking about? Surely this was a prank. I took a look at the rewards, they were all things like: * $100 - We will send you a something the heinous criminal, Paulinho, owns that you can then destroy * $2000 - Be a part of the car accident that totals his car * $5000 - Be a part of the team that sets his house on fire * $10000 - Get the chance to select one of Paulinho's family members that we will kill This was crazy! Even if it was a prank this was definitely taking things to far. How in the world were they able to raise so much money! I had to see what was in those videos and when I played the first one I realized why the internet's justice hammer had fallen so quickly... I had double parked. 