
"Stop and surrender!" Sam could feel adrenaline surging through his veins from those words alone. Sweat trickled down the inside of his hockey mask; not from fear or worry, but the furnace wrought by the goddamn plastic. One of his arms was arched back, shuriken between fingers and ready for throwing. Since most of the people who happened to be in the bank at that time were lying on the ground, it wasn't hard for the three robbers to locate him. Three gun muzzles instantly swung around to track him. "If it isn't Ninjaman," their leader said. Sam could hear the sneer through his mask. "If it isn't Bad Life Choices," he retorted, flicking his wrist. The shuriken whirred through the air ... and missed utterly. Three guns roared to life, and Sam barely had time to snap his Cape of the Bulletproof across his body. As it was, pain exploded in his left thigh and across his right cheek. His yells were drowned out by the barrage. After what seemed like forever, the guns fell silent, and Sam heard magazines clattering on the floor. Gritting his teeth, he whipped out a handful of knifes and began tossing them at the robbers. One of them uttered a "guk" with two blades burying themselves in his belly, while another collapsed onto one knee, screaming. Bad Life Choices, however, was almost done reloading. In desperation, Sam let fly with two more shuriken; again, these missed, arcing upward like birds escaping from a cage. "You really need more practice with those," the robber said, raising his gun. Sam closed his eyes; silently agreeing. He'd just bought them off Amazon the day before. Something shattered overhead. For the briefest of moments, he thought his fantasy of the roof collapsing upon the robber had come true. Reality wasn't too far off though. Robbing Hood--known for her bloodred cape and tendency to murder everyone in sight during her robberies--was falling in a shower of broken glass. Not her usual, graceful, abseiled descent either; something had sliced through her rope. Her arms floundered and flapped right up to the moment she flattened Bad Life Choices beneath her in an explosion of blood and glass. Sam's misfortune wasn't done with him yet. A jagged sliver shot through the air, right through the eye hole of his mask, and planted itself in his right eyeball. Howling in pain, he ran for the exit, tripping several times over the people still prone on the floor. *** Sam heard the door slam; shitshitshitshit, he thought. Lisa's back already? Hissing in pain, in lieu of screaming his head off, he gave the shard of glass another tug. The pain nearly blacked him out. "Shitshitshitgoddamnf--" "-UCK!" came a scream from the living room. A sense of panic and chivalry overcame his good sense, and the next he knew he was standing in the living room, wearing only blood-soaked boxers. The gunshot wound was still oozing merrily, and the flesh around it had become a mass of bruises. Lisa, as it turned out, had had a pretty bad day herself. She was covered head to toe with blood from scores of tiny cuts. A pair of crutches lay on the rug, and it was obvious why; both her legs appeared broken in several places. There was more purple and blue than pink on her normally pretty face. "What happened to your knees?" he asked, horrified. "What happened to your *eye*? she said, almost screaming. "I drove my car into a post. Goddamn windshield shattered." "Isn't your car parked outside? Nothing's broken." She winced as she tried to shift her legs onto the couch. "Jeez." "I'll get you some ice." She gaped back at him. "Shouldn't you look into your eye first?" "Ha-ha. Look into it. Funny." He hobbled to the fridge and began rummaging for an ice pack. "What happened to you? Garbage truck ran you over again?" "No." "Fell into a manhole?" "No." "What?" There was a pause. "A deactivated satellite fell on me." "You should be dead!" He knelt and began pressing the pack onto her legs. "Hold it there." "My lucky day, I guess. My God, you're bleeding. What happened?" "After my little car accident--" "Your car looks fine." "I got caught in a crossfire! Cops and robbers." "Are you a magnet for bullets? Who was it last time? An assassin?" "Yeah. Some super spy sort." "You really should patch it up. The internal damage ... you might lose your leg. But you want to watch the bleeding." "I'll be ... fine." "That's what you said the last time. I had to dig the bullet out for you, remember?" He frowned. "Yeah. And you're pretty handy with that too." "No shit. See lots of gunshots in my line of work." "But you're a sales clerk." "In a bank. We get robbed all the time!" "Yeah, the cops and robbers thing happened outside a bank. Ninjaman was there too. He was a total hero." She scoffed. "He's a bumbling arse. If it weren't for him ..." "Weren't for him what?" "Uh ... yeah, if it weren't for him, I wouldn't have had Robbing Hood fall on me today! At the bank where I work as a sales clerk." Sam narrowed his eyes. "I didn't mention Robbing Hood. Cops. Robbers. Ninjaman." She shrugged and closed her eyes. "Maybe I'm delirious. I just need to rest a while." "Sure. You do that, while I clean up." Sam tiptoed--as best as he could with his bum leg--around the couch, to where they left the baseball bat. He picked it up, crept over to Lisa, and took careful aim. *** *Thanks for reading! Check out my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) for more of my stories!* 