
"Imperio" whispered he who must not be named pointing the Elder wand into the face of the US president. As he did this, outside the White House, his Death Eaters prepared to defend against US forces if any arrived. Bellatrix Lestrange was quick to shield the area. *Protego totalum* she recited in her mind and simultaneously pondered the genius of their plot to take control of the world. Her devotion to her lord Voldemort only grew as she realized the heights of his ambition. *What better way to eliminate the world of un-worthy muggles than to infect them at their very core by taking control of their most powerful leader?* &#x200B; Soon, the setup of their defenses was complete. A sense of malevolent merriment abounded amongst the rank of the Dark Lord's henchmen. Some discussed the possibility of amplifying the effects of nuclear weapons that would now fall under their control with magic. Others made plans to capitalize and take control of this and that region in the aftermath of their impending conquest. &#x200B; And then, the sound of a bullet emerged seemingly out of no where. It travelled and buried itself into the belly of Lucius Malfoy. Bellatrix growled at him, "You are too incompetent to even cast a protective charm you imbecile." As she yelled at him, Bellatrix couldn't quite shake the feeling that something was off. Lucius Malfoy wore a look of shock on his face, as if the bullet had done something impossible. But Bellatrix was rational. Her mind reasoned, *surely this fool has forgotten to secure the area around him. What is a muggle weapon against the might of magic otherwise?* &#x200B; Just as Bellatrix was finishing her thought, another bullet travelled and pierced the skull of the Death Eater in front of her. Now there was no doubt. Even the areas she had personally protected were vulnerable. In the next instant, armed soldiers emerged from the shadows. The Death Eaters began to incant the unforgivable curses, and while some of the incoming forces fell, before long they were surrounded. &#x200B; Inside the White House, the President got up from behind his desk having pressed the emergency button. He had remembered all the training the Wizarding Defense Department at Area 51 had required him to go through. *Focus your mind. Remember that magic is genetic activation. Shield yourself from manipulative suggestions.* On instinct, the President proceeded to punch the gangly, snake-faced, wizard that stood in front of him and snatch away his wand. Voldemort fell over and looked on stupidly. "You Knew. You all Knew" he whispered to himself. &#x200B; "We''ve had the CIA embed agents into the Ministry of Magic since the 1950s" the President remarked. "We discovered the ability to perform magic was passed on genetically, so we isolated the gene. Every US President is operated on to artificially insert the gene into them as part of their Presidential transition. The one thing we haven't quite figured out is the killing curse, but then again, we figured you'd go for mind control over death if you went for the Presidency." &#x200B; As the President finished explaining how completely the magical threat against him had been countered, soldiers streamed into the room and surrounded the pair in between it. The soldiers cuffed Voldemort and the President inched closer. "Your magical ability is an accident of birth. Our muggle deviousness is a consequence of effort." 