
A lot changed when my son was born. I'd been expecting for some things to change, sure. My first child was bound to bring change, both in my own life and in my relationship with my wife. I'd been expecting to grow as a person, to meet new obstacles and challenges that all humans have to overcome on the road to parenthood. What I could not have anticipated, however, was what actually happened. He was born without complication. My wife was in labour for 3 hours, and I was told she delivered incredibly well for a new mother. But as I was gazing down at my newborn son, feeling his tiny fingers squeeze my own, a nurse shouldered roughly into me and I realised something was wrong. Every person save for me and my wife were pressed up against the glass window, crouching and staring upwards. They said very little, craning their necks and shaking their heads in disbelief, hands covering their mouths. I moved to the window myself, squinting as the harsh sunlight beamed through the glass. What I saw, was impossible, yet unmistakable. Hovering in the sky were gigantic letters. Hard to tell how big they truly were, but they were higher than the clouds and legible from the ground. *10 billion players. Game begins.* My son was, apparently, the ten billionth human to be alive at that moment in time. Something we could have never imagined was written into the inner workings of the universe, inside the very fabric of our DNA - when ten billion humans exist at once, the countdown to the end of the universe begins. Around five minutes after the text appeared, new words appeared beneath it. Smaller, but still readable. *1 player eliminated* By the time I had read it, the number had changed to '3' Whilst nobody could explain the phenomenon, it didn't take long before we began to piece things together. The text appeared to every human in their native tongue. If approaching the text by aircraft, they could not be reached, drifting further and further into space until they faded away to the viewer, returning once they landed on Terra Firma. The first anomaly was that nobody else was born after my child. Expecting mothers realised mid-push that they simply didn't have anything to push out anymore. Their babies no longer existed. I clutched my son tight as I heard this news, planting kisses on his forehead that were more for me than him. The second anomaly was that there were no deaths from natural causes. Old age, cancer and even hunger seemed to have lost their sting, no longer killing anyone from the moment the text appeared. Religious leaders made many wild claims, but one that recurred the world over was that those who claimed to speak to God had the same message. "I'm sorry it was so hard for me to speak until now. I have been the God of this world since the dawn of time. But before I was God, I was just a man. The winner of the greatest contest in the universe. The Human Royale. He or She who wins the contest of their world, becomes God in the next. I hope you judge me a fair God. A good God. I tried my best. I do not know what happens next, and I am scared. But rules are rules. I surrender my power, and wish you all the best of luck." All prophets and mystics, from all corners of the world had the same message. Word for word. It took a depressingly short time for the first intentional killings to start. Mass genocide and slaughter, the likes the world had never witnessed. My country was one of the lucky ones. Law was upheld, for a time. But I still remember waking up to check the sky and seeing *1 billion players eliminated* staring down at us all. People tried to rally together, of course. Some to improve their odds, some to avert the inevitable. 'We have been cured!" they screamed, "we have been given a great gift, and we should not squander that gift!" But every day the counter dwindled. The news stopped broadcasting. The military began eating itself alive, and was beset on all sides as ordinary civilians would raid their bases, looking for weaponry to use in their quest for Godhood. Law fell, and gangs ruled. I joined, of course. Everybody did. I killed, of course. Everybody did. *9 billion players eliminated* reads the sky. They say entire continents lay deserted, all their spoils ripe for taking. They say our governments held secrets, and could have stopped all this. They say the military still exists, quivering in some far off bunker. I do not believe them. I have my own strategy. I have my own motives. My son is growing. He gets stronger every day. The game does not permit youth, it seems. I have trained him from the moment he was born. End-bringer, my gang call him, or ten-billion, in honour of his birth. I can feel the others. I can't say when it happened, and I know I am not alone. We all feel it. We can point without looking at the next nearest person and be exactly right. The game is changing. Hiding is not an option any more. r/RJHuntWrites 