
It was the seventh day in which the rain fell strongest. A ceaseless downpour of holy death laying across our sacred land, acting as a barricade from the invading heathens. It should have been a night darker than the soul of the oldest vampire, and yet the rain blessed us in more way than one. For seven days they had attempted to seige us, taking a few of the outer cities initially. We didn't even bother to reclaim them before starting the prayers-- everybody knows what happens to a city captured by Frennishmen. They'll be burned later, once we fend off this attack. Lord above only knows why they're doing it. My beloved Freya thinks it's because they're desperate and hungry, since humanity hid itself away in the last safe place it had. They've run out of people to slaughter and now they're making a final suicide charge to either eat or die. But me? No, I don't buy it. Those fuckers are smart, I know for a fact they're breeding humans to eat. Maybe that's not quite enough, but personally, my wager is that it's just in their tainted blood. They can't have a place like this stand, spurning their pride as superior, knowing so many of us thrive and live happy, full lives. It sickens them. Good. Come, my evil, my forsaken, my hungry and depraved unwanted. Salvation in cleansing awaits you. It's hard to see through the blinding light of this rain, but with our shaded scopes the outlines of a few metal beasts have become visible. They think protection on the way here will save them from God's wrath, but have they thought it through? Have they realized they cannot fight under those canopies, and within our kingdom, there are no awnings? Our sheltered areas for homes have retractable rooftops, to rejoice when the Lord opens the sky for us to weep at how far this Earth has fallen, and we seek to be cleansed. It is proof we are worthy when we do not burn. They will learn that the rains down in Africa are blessed when it melts their flesh and mars their precious bones-- I prefer to wear the fangs that have been baptized by light, anyway. Here I stand at the wall's edge, leading my men. The siege of our most holy city has begun, and I see now they're wearing metallic ponchos. A cute invention on Enrir's part, I admit, but they do not know. They see food perched on these parapets, because their minds are shallow and their faith ash, but we are not meals. Had they read the scriptures, they would understand. There's nothing that a hundred men or more could ever do. ----- */r/resonatingfury* 