
*This is my first ever post, and I haven't written anything in a long time, so forgive the weak writing* &#x200B; &#x200B; "Is this some kind of joke Your Majesty?" 3 years of being Mr Bond's personal aide and I had never seen him question an assignment, much less from the Queen herself. "Not at all, it's simply an assignment like always." Maybe it was the years I had spent working with the best agent of our generation, but I could tell the Queen was hiding something. "Of course your Majesty, what is the target's real name?" "Sherlock Holmes" "I'm sorry mum, but I assumed it was an alias, I'll get on it right away" Mr Bond stood up to leave and I scrambled after him carrying his coat and case. "James a word please" I froze in place and looked up at Mr Bond. The Queen had never addressed him by his first name. I could see the shock flit across his face, but as he turned he composed himself like nothing ever rattled him. He glanced at me and nodded towards the door indicating I wait outside. I had barely begun to pace outside when the door opened and Mr Bond walked straight past me towards the stairs. I rushed after him and what I saw scared me more than anything I had ever seen. More than Iraq, more than Afghanistan, more than Mrs Bates my primary school tutor. "Sir is everything all right?" I tried to catch Mr Bond's attention, but the glazed look over his eyes indicated he was too lost in his own thought. I had never seen Mr Bond rattled before, be it bullets or banter he had never shown any sign of discomfort. "Mr Bond sir?" I tapped his shoulder lightly which seemed to jog him back to the present. "Henry what i'm about to tell you should not be repeated elsewhere under any circumstances, understood?" I nodded slowly, the slight waver in his voice fuelling my nervousness even further. "As you know there have been many other agents who have bore the mantle of 007" I nodded, this was common knowledge in the bureau that 007 was a title given to the best of the best. "Well the man we are tasked with eliminating is 007 as well." "Was he the 007 before you sir?" Shocking as it was I still didn't see why this would have scared Mr Bond as much as it did. "No Henry, well before that." Mr Bond chewed his bottom lip and took a deep breath. "In fact he was the first 007." "That's not possible sir, that would make him over 200 years old!" "Henry please let me finish." He looked around to make sure he wasn't being heard. "Every other 007 came from him he was the first and the best of us." My mouth dropped in shock "Sir you can't mean that every 007 is descended from Sherlock Holmes, it makes no sense! nobody can live that long! its not possible!" He raised a hand to cut me off, and sat down on the foot of the stairs. "In a manner of speaking yes, all originated from him, but not by lineage..." "what are you saying sir? I began to feel dizzy. "We came from him Henry," "I don't understand!" My vision clouded slightly, I was never good with stress, which is why I was an aide and not an agent. "All 007 are clones of Sherlock Holmes" I blacked out. 