
I've seen some weird shit in my day, no doubt about that, but nothing beats a demon apparating in my bakery one minute past closing every night. Not to steal my soul or torture me, no. To order bread. A dozen loaves of our biggest rye, nutritionally dense and flavorful. The first time he showed up, I tried to clobber him with a rolling pin. That didn't work very well. Thankfully, he didn't kill me right then and there. "A dozen," he snarled through sharp teeth. "A- a dozen of what?" I'd asked, the rolling pin rattling in my trembling hand. We're a bakery, after all, and sell more than just bread. Not that he cares. "Twelve of something filling," was all he offered in response. I filled a box with a dozen loaves of rye, and in a passing glance, noticed him swipe a cookie. I wasn't about to call a demon out on shoplifting. When I handed him the box, he gave me a twenty dollar bill. Real tender, not some kind of hellish Monopoly money. No idea where he got it, or why he didn't just take it and leave, but I accepted it quietly and watched him shape-shift into a boorish, lumbering human man and leave. After a week of it, I followed him, watching from a distance. Down Main Avenue, into a dark alleyway near an overpass. It wasn't a comfortable walk, being in a poorer part of town, but I had to know why. Then I saw him handing the bread out in a homeless camp. Kids and old men alike stuffed into ragged tents; they all starve the same. Twelve of them, from what I counted. It made no sense. It still doesn't, honestly. But every day he shows up, at 9:01PM, and I have the loaves ready, the shutters closed. He orders the dozen, pays with a crisp twenty, and steals his cookie. I caught him eating it after swiping it, once. Maybe he can sense that it's devil's food. I asked him about it once, mustering my courage. Might as well try and make small talk with a regular, even if he's a manifestation of hell. "You like those, huh?" I asked as he devoured the little chocolate blob in one sucking motion. He glared at me with eyes like brimstone, a smudge of chocolate on one of his fangs. "I am evil. I steal cookie." "...right." I don't really get it, but I trust him in a weird way. There's a reason he takes those cookies, even if I don't understand it. Besides, he's technically supposed to get a thirteenth item of his choice anyway, so he isn't *really* stealing the cookie -- not that anyone but me would know. It's a promo I offer for repeat customers, but I don't have the heart to tell him what a baker's dozen is. It would hurt his image. ---- */r/resonatingfury* 