
I have a couple vague memories of faces that looked a lot like mine. My longtime caretaker, Glorgnax, tells me that these faces are called "Mom" and "Dad," but I don't really have any emotional attachment to those words like Glorgnax keeps telling me I should. Maybe it's just a malfunction of the speakatron device that Glorgnax uses to communicate with me, and it (he? she? I don't really have any clue) is actually trying to tell me different terms. Apparently though, I'm gonna have to get used to seeing faces like mine, because Glorgnax tells me that I'm going to be released back into the wild with my own kind soon. I think that's what Glorgnax said anyway, as it was tough to tell what exactly it was saying in between the heaving motion in its face that usually signifies sorrow in Glorgnax's species. Its tentacles seemed a lot less lively then usual, and it just kind of stayed there in my enclosure with me for a while after first telling me the news. Come to think of it, Glorgnax has been acting kind of funny ever since that day. It always brought me what it called "earth literature," before so that I would sit still in my enclosure for a while instead of screaming and banging my fists on the sides. But since that day, Glorgnax has been bringing me some version of hologram that apparently my kind on earth calls a "VHS." It tells me that I have to study it, so that I know how to behave when I go back to Earth. It especially keeps showing me a hologram about human mating behaviors. I don't really know how to feel about that. I've seen mating before, since there are a ton of Purkons in the enclosure next to mine and they go will go into a mating frenzy every so often. But the hologram tells me that humans don't just mate at specific times of the year, and it seems really complex. I mean, I never thought that I was going to have the chance to mate, since I've always been the only human here. I knew what my sexual organ was, but having never seen a female human, I didn't know how to use it for mating until Glorgnax showed me those holograms. Just watching those holograms makes my sexual organ (which is evidently called a 'penis") feel funny, but Glorgnax says that's normal for my kind. So I guess that I should be happy that I'm gonna get to actually mate, but the VHS makes it sound like getting a female to mate with you is really tough, and I don't really get what I'm supposed to do to get one to accept me as her mate. Plus, whenever the mating holograms come up, Glorgnax keeps asking me all sorts of weird questions, almost like it's teaching its offspring about the mating behaviors of their species. Glorgnax tells me that my kind call this "The Talk," but I have no clue what makes that talking different from any other talking. There's other weird stuff that Glorgnax shows me too. There's this thing that humans do called "work," and it looks scary. Apparently, if I don't do it good, I won't get an enclosure to live in and food to eat. Glorgnax just brings me my food now, but the hologram says that I have to go get it myself on Earth, but that I have to do this "work" thing first in order to get the food. I kind of wish Glorgnax would behave like it used to, as all these new holograms make me confused. I'd rather just stay here with Glorgnax and have it keep bringing me my food. I told it that, and it just started making that heaving motion again and wrapped its tentacles around me. I don't think that I like the idea of going back into the wild, it seems scary compared to things here on Qurpgloz. I hope other humans are as nice as Glorgnax. 