
He opens his eyes and...he is perfect. You smile back at him, your breath catching in awe. 'Welcome,' you say, hand reaching out to brush against his chest. 'I can't believe we did it.' He scowls at you. 'Whatever.' *** On the first day, he does nothing but demand things from you. He wants food, he wants beer, he wants to be left alone... 'Why are you speaking to me?' he huffs, trying to watch the football match. 'We've never needed conversation before.' It is true, you concede. You like being alone. But you created him because you thought that FINALLY, there would be someone worth your time. You don't say this to him. *** On day two, you shout at him. He's been wearing your clothes, and now you have nothing to wear for work. 'So put a wash on,' he snaps, and takes a drink. You hate doing laundry, and tell him as much. He snorts, and wanders out of the kitchen. 'Not my problem.' There are dirty dishes in the sink also, and you growl slightly. The sound of the TV clicks on from the other room. *** On day three, you ask him to go to work for you. 'Why do I need to be the one constantly going to the office?' you demand. 'We both need the money, so we should do an equal share. Or you should get a damn job yourself, so we aren't two people on one income!' He stares at you. 'I hate working.' Well, so do you, but unfortunately you haven't had much of a choice. 'I refuse to buy anything else for you,' you threaten. When you come home from work, he is browsing Amazon. You can see there are items in his basket. 'How do you expect to buy that new game?' you press. 'You've got nothing to your name.' You don't mention you were planning on buying the game anyway. 'Actually, we have a lot to our name,' he replies with a superior smile. 'It's not like I don't know all of our bank account details.' *** On day four, he takes the car out without asking. 'I need it to go to the grocery store,' you snarl at him over the phone. 'Bring the car back. It isn't yours!' There is a chuckle down the end of the line. 'It's just as much mine as yours; I have every right to use it.' The words are horribly familiar - you had said similar things to your older brother at one point, stealing his car and accidentally crashing it later that evening. He doesn't come home for hours. 'The back seat was excellent,' he smirks at you. 'Plenty of room for both me and the whore.' You know this already, but don't deign to give him a response. *** On day five, you take him to the bar. You start the evening tucked away in the corner. Soon however, a group of very pretty women stumble in, already drunk. You make eye contact with him, and for once you are on the same page. The prettiest girl gives you a smile as you try to start up a conversation. 'I'm his twin brother,' he interrupts, and you glare at him. The fight is on. He undermines you at every turn, throwing harsh words out until you finally punch him in the face. The women all stop talking, and stare. 'I think it's time we left,' you say, dragging him out the door. The bartender is already calling the police, you can see. *** On day six, you realize that you've made a terrible mistake. You should have never created him in the first place. Rather than be your friend, he is practically your enemy. He is a horrible human being...and what does that say about you? You vow to dispose of your problem, quickly and quietly. And then you will take a long, hard look at yourself in the mirror. You will eradicate all of his hateful traits from your own personality, and then you will go and find some real friends. Lesson learned. It isn't murder, you tell yourself. He isn't even a real person...just a copy. *** On day seven, you cook a large dinner for him - his final meal. 'I think we started off on the wrong foot,' you paste on a fake smile. 'Y'know, if we worked together in this world, who knows what we could achieve.' He laughs at that, and conversation is surprisingly civil as you eat. He even stands up to help clear the table when you're both finished. You feel a surge of generosity towards him. 'I'm not sure how much pie is left, but I'm sure we can split it,' you throw out over your shoulder as you wander into the kitchen. You can kill him afterwards. 'No need to split,' his voice purrs from behind you. A knife slides between your ribs, and you crash to the floor. 'There's only one of us, anyway.' The last thing you see is your own smile. 