
Frederick got the call at 8:43 P.M. that night. His grandfather was in the hospital, and in a very bad way. He put on his jacket and rushed out the door. He loved his grandfather, and had worshiped the ground he walked on from a very early age. When his father had died, Thomas was all he had. Frederick knew that it was awkward for Thomas, such an old man, to raise such a young boy, but the fact that he had thrown himself into it with such vigor was proof not only of the quality of Thomas's character, but of his love for his grandson. Frederick sped down I-95 in his Toyota Carolla, topping out at 90, speed limits be damned. His heart racing as fast as his little compact jalopy, his thoughts, too, raced at all the wonderful memories he had made with his Grampy. He remembered playing catch with him in the backyard after school, perhaps the most cliche activity for a young boy and a grown man on the planet, but cliches exist because they're universal truths. He hadn't realized it at the time, but looking back on it now, his 9-year-old self was running circles around Grampy. He had no idea how tired he was, how much his feet ached and his back pounded. Still, even with all this pain, Thomas would have played whatever game Frederick wanted to play until his dying breath. Frederick also fondly remembered quieter moments; Thomas had spent so much time learning about anime. He remembers when he started watching Pokemon, Sailor Moon, and Dragonball Z, how his Grampy would sit down with him and watch, seemingly captivated by these flashy, colorful kaleidoscopes before him. In truth, now that Frederick was older, he suspected that Grampy was bored to tears by all that stuff. Nevertheless, not only did he sit and watch, seemingly enraptured, but he also introduced him to more obscure titles. From One Piece to Ghost in the Shell to Cowboy Bebop to Akira, when DVDs first started becoming widely available, he would frequently come home from school to find that his Grampy would buy him one for them to watch together. "I've got another one for us to watch together, sonny!" Now, here at 30 years old, Frederick was rounding the corner to the hospital. As he rushed to the welcome center, he racked his brain to think of a joke for the old man. That's another thing that Thomas passed to his grandson, his marvelous sense of humor. Now a professional comedian by trade, Grampy had introduced him to all of his old comedy records from a young age. Pryor, Kinison, Dangerfield, Cosby, Carlin, you name it, they listened to it. Granted, he don't think his mom was too keen on his grandpa letting him listen to that kind of stuff, but he did it anyway. Even outside of his own interests in comedy, he was a funny man himself. He'll never forget the time when he took him out fishing and made him think that he had lost his arm. Grampy was laughing so hard he thought he would die then and there. He finally makes it to room 201B, and is thankful to see his Grampy still alive, his mother and Thomas's daughter, Linda, at his side. He goes in and hugs his grandpa. Before he can get out a single word about the woman from Nantucket, his grandpa says "Listen, I have something for you-- *I've got another one for us to watch together, sonny!* "--just, look in my bag over there." Frederick obliges. He sees what looks like a magic 8-ball, but without the little pyramid in the bottom, just the blue liquid. Thomas had been a great inventor in his younger days, and continued to be so into his golden years. Frederick remembers how some of his inventions had seemed so magical as a kid. Some still seem magic now. He hands his Grampy the 8-ball. "This is for you, Sonny. Come here." He gets closer to his grandpa's face. "Go outside, say who you want and shake it. This'll do it for ya." He gave Frederick a wink. Grampy had also known all too well how Frederick had watched anime as he was...well..."growing up," so to speak. Thomas was the one to teach him about the birds and the bees, after all, and they would talk about which anime characters they thought were the most attractive. Later on, Frederick would learn about the term "waifu," and the two would make jokes about it to each other. "Boy, look at her, sonny, I'd make her my waifu if you know what I mean," Thomas would say to his grandson as they'd howl with laughter. Sometimes Frederick would say "If I had a magic 8-ball, so and so..." Well, now he did. He held in his hands something that his dear Grampy had told him could get him anything he desired. He thought to himself "Well, I guess he was magic after all." He shakes the 8-ball. "I wish Mei was real and would be my waifu!" Nothing. He brought the 8-ball over to Thomas. "Come here, sonny." He moved in closer to his grandfather's face. "Your waifu is shit," he whispered. They both laughed. They laughed and laughed until their sides hurt. Linda laughed as well, despite not knowing what the hell they were talking about. With that, Thomas passed away. The last laugh was his. "I love you Grampy," Frederick says as he kisses him on the forehead. Linda does the same. **VISIT r/IENM_Writes FOR MORE! UPDATED DAILY(ish)** 