
"What is this bluish one?" I asked my supervisor. With over thirty million worlds in containment it was hard to keep up. "That is Terra, home of humans," he said, double checking his pad, "It says here they are a keter class species." I whistled as I observed the world. There were only a thousand keter class worlds out of the thirty million that we watched over and protected the universe from. I thought about it for a second and my curiosity got the best of me. "Why?" I finally asked, "What is so horrible about them?" "Rookies," he said as he checked his pad again, "I'll get them to get you a pad so you can stop asking so many damned questions. Ok, says here they breed like coofi beetles. Secondly their curiosity makes them stick their noses in anything. Thirdly they reverse engineer like there's no tomorrow. Hell, a probe crashed in a desert there two hundred years ago and they used the pieces to develop computers and satellites.  Finally, they are extremely xenophobic and think they are the center of the universe. The one contact we tried to make ended up with them nuking the ship. Nuclear fucking weapons against a first contact vessel! Think of that." "Holy moza," I said, not believing it, "Can I see one? A human, I mean." He sighed deeply and fiddled with something on his pad. The screen in front of me was suddenly filled with a closeup of the bright blue and green world. I smiled. It was beautiful. "That's an image of their world from a spy satellite we have in orbit," my supervisor informed me, "I can zoom in and we can..." "Wait," I told him, picking up on something odd, "Look at that cloud formation there," and I pointed, "Watch it. Is that video looping? Why would satellite video loo..." "Silence," he said suddenly and began tapping at his pad furiously, "Oh no. The humans... oh no." He had turned white as a sheet then said, "They've hacked our spy satellite and are looping the feed! How long ago did they do this and to what end? There, I've got it! Bypassed the fee..." Both of us looked at the new scene with increasing horror. The once blue and green planet now showed huge craters where the humans had mined billions of tons of materials. In space around the planet were so many space docks it boggled my mind. Each contained ships either in the process of being built or empty and waiting to build more. I spotted what appeared to be hundreds of space elevators and then something strange. "What is that?" I asked, pointing to a huge circle, "Is that a..." To answer my question, a huge starship, bristling with what could only be weapons entered the circle and vanished. "A hypergate!" my supervisor said, slamming his tablet down as the door slid open, "We have to contact the..." We both stared at the Kondroxxi who had just walked in. "I'm sorry gentlemen," the Kondroxxi said to us, "But I can't allow you to spread this around. We've worked a long time to conceal what we're doing.  You can't be allowed to stop us." "What are you talking about?" My supervisor demanded of it. But I Knew without a shadow of a doubt what it meant. The Kondroxxi pulled out a small box the size of its fist. "Please don't," I said with a pleading voice. My supervisor stood there looking puzzled. "I have to, you can't contain us on our planet like this. You are simply wrong to do so. The reason we're keter class is that we will always do what is in the best interest of humanity," and with that she let her holo fade, fully dropping her disguise and appearing as a human, "I do mean anything." My supervisor was screaming in fear as she held out the small nuclear cube in her hand. Our eyes locked for a second that stretched into an eternity. "I am sorry," she said and pushed the detonator. 