
"Sir, we have to land, now!" Sathrian yelled a the top of his lungs. I stirred from my sleep. "Is it time for the assault already? Red group shouldn't arrive for another three days." "Sir, we're being *battered*, our shields are low on power!" "They found us?!" I shouted, leaping from my bed. "No, sir, our invisibility camouflage is perfect- it's a storm." "The hell is a storm?" I growled, prowling towards the main deck, still in my pajamas. "It seems that when this planet goes through its water cycle, it's a very intense process, sir." Sathrian said as he tailed behind me. I reached the bridge and looked out at the planet we were supposed to be dominating- and a bright flash of light immediately blinded me. "What the hell?!" I roared. "Electronic discharge of some kind, we're trying to figure it out now! That's the third one this hour." I rubbed my eyes. "Damn. Okay, so the climate is a bit hostile here, then. How do the locals function with it?" "They hide." Sathrian said, his voice sombre. "They just hide?! How long do these extreme cycles last?" "Can go on for several standard days, it seems. We haven't finished analyzing their patterns yet- the computer is already overheated." "Damn. We need to settle down somewhere with cover. Can we fly without being noticed?" "Well- all the humans are indoors, we should be alright..." My Helmsman said. "What's our heading?" "I'll leave it to you, Helmsman." "Affirmative. Energy to reverse thrusters, disengage the barionic lock." We scoured the local area for a few minutes, the wind, rain, and flashes of light hindering us from our goal. "Settle in that small canyon." I suggested. "Affirmative." The ship lowered. "We need to ensure we're covered from their cameras and any stray prying eyes. Scouting party, on me!" I called, heading towards the armory. Twelve of our finest joined me, each of us changing into our anthropomorphic bodysuits that could protect us as well as mimic the appearance of whatever we chose- if we ran into any humans, we were sure to be safe about it. "Check for nearby trails, foot traffic, nature cameras, anything that could expose our presence." I ordered, and each of us split off through the different compass points. My group and I- despite the dim lighting- saw a vehicle of some kind approach, and a group of humans got out. They were heading right for us. "Why would there be humans out in the storm?" I asked, shifting my appearance to roughly match theirs. We made our first contact. "Howdy!" They called out to us. "Howdy." I mimicked. "You guys storm-chasers too?" They asked. "Uh- no, we just kind of got...caught in it. Sorry, you're a storm *chaser*?" I asked. "Yeah! There's nothing more fun than getting right in the thick of a good storm!" "R-right. Well, enjoy." I said, then pretended to walk back the way the storm-chasers had come from. "Scouts, reassemble." I spoke into my suit's interface. "The humans *enjoy* this kind of weather. I don't think we stand a chance at winning- even if we get Red group to reinforce us. Reassemble, and we're gonna get the hell out of here." -------------------------- Author's note: I don't do sci-fi very often, let me know if it's any good lol r/nystorm_writes 