
You'd think there'd be better uses for that kind of precognition, but apparently the Psychic Currents of the Universe or whatever only reveal themselves in certain oblique ways. Also, you know, bureaucrats. I don't know which of them first had the bright idea to handle Guaranteed Minimum Income this way, or decided it was a good idea to give that kind of lump sum to 21-year-olds, but apparently one of them got enough time with a government psychic to test it out. As you can imagine, it's caused some problems. There are all kinds of ways laid out online to calculate remaining lifespan by the payment sum, but of course they're all just guesses. The amount's all the psychics can give us, not years, not health, nothing. Just so many dollars and a pat on the butt. God, or whatever weird persnickety divine official runs the whole mess, only knows. The other things the psychics--the real ones, I mean, not the kind who incessantly advertise on TV--can tell us are just as randomly semi-useful. I won't get into that, but I will say it's jacked the anxiety of an entire society into even more stratospheric heights than things like social media already had. And it's not like they're accurate 100% of the time, at least not on longish timelines. Sometimes things shift, because the Powers that Be really do seem to be playing dice in some back room, and the psychics know the odds but not the outcome, you know? At least that's my understanding, and no one has a very good understanding anyway, least of all the psychics themselves, they just think on things and get stuff like numbers back. But that probably doesn't matter anymore. I mean it will, until just after lunch. Because that's what the amount was for, my favorite cheap lunch from my favorite taco stand. One carne asada, one adobo pork, a nice little churro for dessert. $7.27, every time, I have a box at home full of the receipts. So of course I bought it again, just one last time. A lot of people turn 21 on a given day, and one Hell of a lot of them post their checks on social media. It didn't take long for us all to compare notes and figure it out. Some people got more, a few less, but almost all of them recognized the amount. Lunch. Just one. Guess fate took a pretty hard right turn today. This many people, all at once, with a consistent and personalized number? That's a pretty sure thing, an undeniable shift in the odds to from long-shot to almost-certain. Who knows what it's going to be. Asteroid with a low albedo we just didn't see coming? Maybe the Yellowstone Caldera going off? Nuclear war? Alien invasion? Not worth worrying about. I mean, that won't stop any of us, won't stop the whole world. A lot of people are still hoping it's a prank. I don't think so. I have a feeling, a little itch at the back of my brain. I'm gonna have to *really* enjoy these tacos. &#x200B; r/Magleby for more elaborate lies. 