
The clack-clack of the canes against the concrete resounded through the streets; dogs barked, deviated from their usual paths to smell each other, and their owners took advantage of the occassion to speak for awhile. It was quite an interesting *sight* to say the least, but when the rumor spread about a man entering places without walking sticks or dogs, things took a dark turn. For the rich and wealthy were convinced there was someone who could see in the city, and that was me. The good thing about rumors, is that they spread fast like a wildfire. George told it to me, and since then I've been hitting the ground with a cane everywhere I went. But one day I was drinking a coffee, and let me tell you, the barista was not very skilled, for the cup had overflowed, and the coffe was dripping from the sides. George came in sometime later, told me he had met a fine lady, and introduced her to me. All I managed to say when I saw her was, "Beauty lies in the eye of the beholder. This one is a keeper, George," and I patted him on the back, while shaking my head. Later that day he told me the rich had made the guiding dogs smell a shirt that supposedly belonged to me. It didn't. But it seemed that not only were they blind but they were deaf as well. For when the guy who they caught claimed he couldn't see, they called him a wild, savage liar, and into the darkness of the night, like a wisp of smoke, he faded away. Still, sometimes I fear they will devise some sort of incredibly intricate plan to get me. When I go for a talk, I tend to think of different scenarios were they manage to catch me, but my thoughts just stray away and get lost counting non-matching shoes. Honestly, I think I'm safe, and let me speak the truth: sight in a blind land can be quite the gift for the lazy with quick hands. I see something I like, I take something I like. I wonder, if little by little I can make my way to rule the land. I wonder if I can make the old saying some justice. I wonder and wonder and wonder, and then I stop wondering and go to sleep. I think, in a way, I'm already a king. After all, in the city of the blind, of the law I'm out of sight, and so I can do whatever I want without batting an eye. -------------------------- r/NoahElowyn 