
"I have to say, that's a hell of a cup." I glanced up. "Excuse me?" The man standing at the end of the counter lifted his mug. It wasn't one of the standard-issue cardboard ones we handed out - no, he'd gotten one of the refillable ones you could get unlimited coffee every visit with. Internally, I groaned. I knew him, of course. He came every day, and every day it was some variation of the same story. "Thanks," I said, pasting a cheerful smile onto my face. "It's my specialty. Black coffee. From the bag." The sink handle turned under my grip. Water sprayed down. I got to work, cleaning the various machines that let me do my job. "Oh, I can tell." God *damn* it, he was still here. I just kept washing. Maybe if I ignored him- "You ever think you'd like to keep doing this?" "I'd like to keep getting paid," I said, still staring resolutely at the dishes. "I don't know about doing *this*." "But you're so good at it. I've never had a cup of coffee like yours." He chuckled. "Trust me, I've looked." "Well, I'm honored." Go away. Go away. I'm busy. "I could help you, you know." *That* was enough to make me glance up, pausing in my scrubbing. "What?" The man waved an arm out. He was bone pale, with black hair that hung in slightly-greasy waves. It rustled gently with the force of his gesture. "This place. It's not much, but you like it, yes?" His lips parted in a grin. "I could give you forever with it." "Right," I said, beginning to chuckle. "Forever." "Consider it," he said. His smile had taken on a tolerant quality, somewhere in the middle of my laughter. "My offer remains open." Before I could say another word, he swept from the store, laughing softly to himself. And for a while, that was that. Oh, it happened now and again. He'd come in, acting all dramatic and arrogant. I'd serve him his cup, keeping myself carefully in line. He was a customer, and I had bills to pay. The shop needed clientele to stay open. Each time, he'd make some vague, impossible offer about an eternity I could have. Every time he repeated it, though, my amusement faded. Before long, the sight of him coming through the door sent a shiver down my spine. He was just so....serious. It was like he didn't realize how insane and impossible his offer was. It was like he believed it. I'd come to convince myself he was just a little bit cracked - until the day of the robbery. I was stupid. Never act the hero, I knew. Heroes got themselves killed, and I liked living. But I hadn't even *seen* the man, damn it. I'd been coming out of the staff room when I found him elbow-deep in the cash register, a pistol in his hand. I think I startled him more than he startled me. I'd seen that much, through the adrenaline-filled fog of my vision. His eyes were wide and terrified as he swung towards me. His hand shook. And then the world had stopped, coming to a sudden, all-too-final end in a crack of noise and an explosion of pain. It was all I could do to lay on the cheap, tiled floor, holding my midsection and coughing blood and trying to find the energy to take just one more breath. The sound of footsteps rang out, eerily clear and sharp in the quiet that had filled my ears. "That won't do," I heard someone say. "That won't do at all." But the fog was insistent, tugging at my senses and pulling me under. The last thing I remembered was the feeling of something sharp at my wrist. --- My eyes snapped open. I sat bolt upright purely on instinct, gasping for air. I could breathe. At last, I could breathe. Why was that surprising? My blood froze in the next instant at the sight of blood. So much blood. It pooled under me, staining my clothes and skin a dark, disgusting brown. "Oh, you're up," someone said. I flinched, grabbing at the counter for stability. The man leaned over the edge, leering down at me. There was a cheap porcelain mug in his hand, painted with my shop's logo. He waved it at me absentmindedly. "The italian roast, I believe. That should hit the spot. And then, you and I should talk. About the future of this shop." He grinned. The expression had far too many points. "And you." (/r/inorai for shorter stuff by me, /r/redditserials for longer stuff by me and others) 