
Gambling was a hobby of mine. See when I was younger, before I got out of the game I used to play back alley poker with a bunch of Genies. Texas Hold'em was their game of choice, though sometimes they demanded we play monopoly. Don't ask me how, and please don't ask why- instead just be content with the knowledge that some of them do look and act like Robin Williams. I also suspect one of them might have actually been Shaquille O'Neal. Regardless of the circumstances that lead me to be an honorary member of that table, or the consequences that seemed to impact my life in an endless string of oddities before finally stepping away and leaving the games behind: I can tell you that I've won some pretty weird shit. In my Studio Apartment, I've got a toaster that pops out grilled cheese sandwiches- prebuttered and crisped to perfection. In my bathroom I have plunger than can do the work itself, and I've got one of those magic carpets- only it's too lazy to move most days. I even have a pet tabby cat that can talk, or at least speak on occasion, when it wants to. Honestly, there are probably some other weird trinkets I'm forgetting about. Bizarre objects I've piled high up in the back of my closet, stuffed deep with all sorts of other mystic mumbo-jumbo and bits of heeby-jeeby witchcraft, but out of my entire collection there is only one possession that truly makes a difference to me. Out of everything I have ever come into contact with, won, lost, or bartered among magic folk and almost all-seeing entities: My car is the crown Jewel. The representative *Magnum Opus* of my past gambling career. When I first got it, this baby was a metallic green. Legacy station wagon, Subaru 97' hatchback. Mint condition, slightly used by a Genie from the north country who put it up against fifteen gold bars and a bag of magic sand that was supposedly capable of making you seed the universe if you happened to have the cajones to snort some of it under a solar eclipse. For all the mysticism in the world, there were only two magic words sealed the deal for me that day, ensuring that I would be driving in style for years to come: *Full-House.* Next thing I knew, I was the proud owner of a Genie's automobile. Rare and almost unheard of for a mere mortal, I even left on good terms too (which is very important when dealing with Genies) and I passed him off the bag of sand when we shook on it. No point in pissing off someone who could turn me into a talking parrot named Iago. But see, there was a trick to the car. It wasn't always a 97 hatchback: No sir, this vehicle was all-purpose, all-seeing, future predicting and filled with the powerful energy of some far-off and distant parallel plane of existence. It could change, shift to accommodate the day ahead of me. If it was snowing? Poof: Snow-tires, top tier. If it was flooding? Snap of the fingers and my car was a four by four, but there were some days when it changed without me even noticing. When I had a date it turned into a corvette, and when she broke up with me it turned into a small moped I could hide in my apartment until we were sure she wasn't coming to give us the ex-girlfriend special. One time it even changed into a crown-vic when I was toggling the radio stations and got me past a speed trap ticket free. Safe to say that unlike the magic toaster or the talking tabby, my car and I had an real understanding. Only the finest oil changes would do, only top-notch gasoline, routine inspections and transmission flushes- and in return I knew it would have my back through anything. Well this Saturday morning I went outside after a brunch of grilled cheese and coffee, same as any Saturday morning, only instead of my normal car I found a metallic green tank parked right up onto the curb. A huge, thick treaded, armor and cannon-mounted, possibly German engineered, war-machine. "Hey, Human." Startled, I almost dropped my sandwich. As many things as it could do, my car couldn't talk. "Hey, up here." The voice shouted again. From the second floor window of my apartment, I turned and peered up, focusing my attention on the window sill home to several potted plants and a large patch of... fur. I squinted to see the orange tabby sitting coolly by the screen, eyes all-but shut against the early afternoon light, passing a half-interested glare in my direction. "If you happen to make it back alive human, don't forget to bring back some tuna." With that warning the tank's hatch opened, a loud creaking "slam" announcing entry was strongly recommended. Somehow I knew it was going to be one hell of a day. ---- *If you like what you're reading, feel free to check out my other work over at r/jakethesnakebakecake* *!* *edit: magnum not magna!* 