
"It's not what it looks like, Christine." She lowered her eye lids and crossed her arms over her chest. "How is it not what it looks like, *Eric?* Your monkeys dragged me into the office of "Our Supreme Leader" and now I am staring at your face." "I know, I know," Eric said, holding both palms out in her direction. "It looks bad, but it's still not what it looks like. I didn't do any of this. I..." Christine let out a heavy sigh. He was just like she remembered. They hadn't spoken in quite a while, having drifted apart after high school. They had been joined at the hip as kids and he had always been like this. Never taking responsibility for his actions, never wanting anyone to think bad things about him. A pinprick of nostalgia hit her thoughts, but it didn't survive long when one of the bodyguards next to her cleared his throat. She was in real danger here, and the doofus in front of her was trying to act like it was no big deal. "Then what is it? Becuase right now it looks like you managed to muck up the freedom thing for the entire developed world," She spat when he didn't continue his explanation. Eric looked at her and furrowed his brows, a look of mild panic on his face. He glanced around at the other men in the room before continuing. "I didn't do any of it, believe me. No one has ever seen the Supreme Leader, right? They don't pass around pictures or anything like that. They just...enforce the rules?" He looked around nervously as he spoke. "Yeah, I guess. The press secretary does all the speaking for him so that no one has a chance to throw bullets in his direction. That doesn't explain why you are sitting behind that seat." Christine said with no patience. She wanted to get this entire thing over with so she could either get out of here and go back to her life, or get the sentencing over with. She didn't deal with anxiety all that well, and the rumor mill was that no one came back once they were picked up by the SP. She felt her gut flip over at the thought. "I..." Eric started and then paused. He lowered his head as if suddenly ashamed of what was coming next. "I won a contest, about 3 years ago." "A contest?" Christine asked. She was certain he had used the wrong word there. "Yeah. I was walking through the mall one day, and I found some weird signs on the wall that I started follow around. I was bored, with nothing to do. I had lost my job, and I wasn't sure if I was gonna be able to pay the next months rent so I was killing time," He raised his eyebrows, making eye contact. For sympathy, she assumed. "Yeah, hat sounds like you, " Christine said. "Well, they led me around the town after a while, and Into this old municipal building.  I guess they left all this stuff up for like...a year? They were waiting for people to figure it out as they set up the government. The winner..." Eric waved his arm around the room, "The winner got to take over." "And you won?" "Yeah." "And you don't have any control over the fact that you set the world government back like a thousand years?" "Well...." Eric slumped back in his seat. He looked small and tired with his shoulders sagging down and eyes facing down into his lap. "I don't know. They put me here. They gave me a palace. I sign things, make decisions, take the fall if anything goes south... and to be honest?" Eric looked back up at Christine, a small smiling appearing on his face. "Its kind of fun." "Eric...you kill people," Christine blurted. Her face contorted into anger at his nonchalance. It was like he didn't understand anything that was happening out in the real world. "Oh! no no. No," he stammered, waving his palms around in front of him again. "They don't die. They are taken over to the islands. Every few years- the winners get to come back." /r/beezus_writes 