
I woke up in my old bed. Well, it wasn't very old at this point. Actually I think it was brand new... What day was it? I looked around for my phone and started to have a mini panic attack. *Where's my phone?!* Oh, right. Attached to the wall in the other room. I sat up in bed and instinctively went to brace my back with my hand expecting that sharp pain to shoot through it, but felt nothing. And that felt amazing. That old TV I had was sitting across the room, staring at me with a dull intensity. Well, it wasn't old either, it's just old to my old eyes. I looked around for a remote and after a minute just chuckled. I got up and walked the 8 foot distance between myself and the set to turn it on. It took a minute but it finally kicked on and I then turned around and walked back to the bed. Right when I sat down I started looking for the remote again, only to immediately frown and make the journey back over to the TV to tune it to the news. Cloudy with a chance of rain on this Monday morning. What's funny is I remember why I saved on this day and never turned back. It all went so well that I didn't need to turn back. I started my new job today where I would eventually meet the love of my life at a work outing where she happened to be a server. The oh-so-clever pick-up line I used, "If I could re-arrange the alphabet..." would definitely work again, even though years later she told me it was a terrible line and she just found me very cute and decided "ah what the hell?" And part of why I came back is because of how much I missed her. Part of me wanted so badly to come back and somehow get her to stop smoking and doing so many unhealthy things. But cancer is not something you can just stop, sadly. So now I either go to work and relive it all like some nostalgic infused dream or drive to some new state and start again. Part of me wanted to go visit Michael and give him a sermon on drinking and driving. He'd be gone ten years from now, but maybe I could plant a seed in him. Another part wanted to go call out Jacob for how much he'd been abusing his girlfriend. But I wasn't sure how much of the flow of everything I wanted to mess with. After all I could just come back again and try another route if something went awry. And as I was pondering all of this, regret started to set in. Regret for the fact that I threw away 40 years of my life to start again, followed by over-analyzing everything. What if I screw up the fantastically awful pick-up line? Or what if having all the answers at my new job takes me down a different path that ends badly? You see people always want to go back and change something in their life. Whether it was the one time you were drunk in public or the time you were just a bit too clingy with your first significant other, everyone wants that reset button. The problem is they don't really understand that your past defines who you are. If you change the smallest thing, that could mean the difference between job security or jail time. Sounds extreme, but that's just the truth. I thought I understood this concept, but I hadn't felt grief like I felt the night I reset. See I had lost family members and thought about it, but I knew I shouldn't mess with it. I knew then, and I knew when I ended up resetting. I just couldn't stand another night away from her. And now I'm here, laying in my old new bed pondering life's existence and whether this was actually a good idea, which I'm pretty sure it wasn't. I guess I should go define my past and get to work. 