
"I'll be the death of you one day!" She said, with a toothy smile and her eyes enraptured. *ding* "You wouldn't kill me!" I retorted, a mixture of joking and surprise. "Naw." She said, turning back to her book again. With that, we said our goodbyes and I went home with my dad - maintaining an overwhelming sense of confusion. Fast forward a few years and we're on a hiking trip together. Things had gone well between Amy and I. We were dating now and I had all but forgotten about what we had once discussed. But there we were, twelve thousand feet above ground level with nothing other than 2 feet of rock separating us and the gap. As I looked out, I noticed i could no longer see Amy's feet in my periphery. Then, I felt it. Hands started slipping on my back and I felt slightly propelled forward. The chasm approached me. The hands quickly wrapped around my chest tightly, "I love you," Amy whispered as she hugged me with all her might. *ding* We said, "I love you," *ding* or "I want you forever," *ding* every single day - if not the hour! College, jobs, struggles, kids, struggles and retirement - she stuck with me through all of it. We toured the world, saw our children become adults, have beautiful grand children and a house we've poured years into. We went through death, sadness and confusion holding hands. When I looked at Amy, I didn't see a person I love - I saw the genesis of my life and the reason for my breathe. She blessed my life for 70 years. But here we are. Amy kissed me last night at the weirdest hour, "I love you..." she whispered in my ear. *ding* "I love you, too babe" I mumbled back, still more or less asleep. I brought her into me and slumbered once more. Her head rested against my vacillating chest. Amy died that night. She wouldn't move the next morning, her smile never disappeared. No words, no loving eyes and no dings. Have you ever watched the sun plummet from the sky? Hope extinguished as you looked on? Drowned in a cacophony of sorrowful nostalgia? Been there when the show's over and there's no place to go back to? Heard the silence once the music stopped, while expecting to hear more? I can't explain the emptiness; the hollow - but I know what I need to do. I can never be made whole again and, frankly, I have no desire to. Amy, babe, I'm coming for you. We will be together again. You kept one more promise after all these years of being my best friend, confidant and love of my life. I'm following you while the doors still open. I don't know what's next, but I know I'll see you. I told the kids, they're sad - but they respect my wishes. I can't go on like this if you're not here. I want this letter in the Will so that the kids kn- *rest of the page is illegible due to smattered blood obscuring the words* 