
> #489,231,337 Robert Johnson wasn't a very good dad. He'd drink, and he'd smoke, and when he was tired he would grumble at his kids. He didn't play catch. He didn't play video games. He mostly sat around and got fat after working at the mill. His wife, Leslie, would ask him to mow the lawn and he'd yell at her. His kids would run up the stairs while playing and he'd yell at them. At work, he'd grumble and yell at the new guy more than most. He was just an unpleasant person. His mug's number changing didn't really help matters. He always knew it was bullshit, but it never really dawned on him how low he ranked. "Christ almighty" he thought, there's only 320 million people in this fucking country. So the morning after it changed he was brushing his teeth, and staring back at him was a balding, dumpy, unshaved, slobby man in a stained a-shirt. "When the fuck did I grow so much back hair?" The hot water of the shower was a poor comfort. As usual, the family was still asleep when he left the house. He resolved to fix things. So that afternoon he got off work. He had been grumpy but he wasn't a complete waste. He did his job. So he got off and fixed himself up to get some gifts. He went to Toys R Us and bought a few lego sets for his son and some Barbie Dolls for his daughter. He went to the Florist and bought some flowers for his wife. He even went to the barber and got his hair cut into something respectable. Then he got home early. He tried to greet his wife with a kiss and flowers when she got home, but she laughed. His son took the lego sets and muttered "thanks dad" before dashing upstairs. His daughter glared at him over the Barbie Doll and asked why she didn't get legos too. Sighing, he sat back down in his chair to watch TV. A few weeks went by. He asked his son to play catch. "No thanks dad, I'm going over to Tommy's house." He asked his daughter if she wanted to go for a walk. "No thanks dad, I'm going over to Cassie's place." He asked his wife if she wanted to get dinner. "What are you, stupid? I have to pick Bobby up from Tommy's house and Jeannie up from Cassie's?" Sighing, he sat back down in his chair to watch TV. The next morning he looked at the mug. That same, long number wrapped around the outside. Saturday. He asked his wife if he could help her. He couldn't. He asked his son and daughter to play, they wouldn't. So he sat back down in his chair to watch TV. Months went by. He bought gift after gift, flowers, toys, you name it. He asked his wife out to dinner, he bought his daughter a puppy, he played catch with his son... or at least he tried to. His daughter didn't want a puppy. His son didn't want to play catch. His wife wasn't interested in him. So each night he sighed, then sat back down in his chair to watch TV. Finally, it was Christmas Eve. He lay awake, worrying about the latest round of gifts he had bought, when suddenly he heard a thunk on the roof. "What the fuck?" The thunk was followed by a few others, resolving into footsteps. A muffled crash was heard downstairs. "Could it be?" He got up, bewildered, and made his way downstairs. There, in the kitchen, were two masked figures. They all stood stunned for a second, before Robert bellowed and charged in. He wasn't sure how it happened, but he had a kitchen knife in his hand. One was on the ground bleeding, the other was fighting. They struggled. Robert got cut, deep, in his neck, but he fought on. He was grabbing an ankle, struggling around the floor. The table was knocked over. Chaos. His vision was dark, but in the dim light he saw something; the mug. He grabbed it, slamming it into the assailant's face until it broke. He lay there on the floor, bleeding in the dark. The lights turned on and his wife screamed. A thin piece of shattered porcelain lay directly in his view. As his eyes darkened and the world grew bleary he saw it change from #4892 to #489 to #48 to #4 to #1. 