
Marcus stood on the cliff face surveying the vast desolate landscape. It had made no sense! He had discovered the secret to immorality years ago! there's no way he could be in hell, he was home free! He heard the sounds of footsteps climb the rocky trail behind him as he watched the fiery lakes burn. a sea of magma in the distance crashed against obsidian shores, bodies trapped within the rock screamed in agony with each pounding wave. "Hello Marcus." came the deep thundering voice of lucifer who stood behind him. "What's the meaning of this?" Marcus said turning to face the 12 foot tall satyr. "For 300 hundred years I've been unable to die. and now... this dosen't make any sense! why would the formula not work?" Lucifer only smiled and said. "Come Marcus. It's alot to take in, I know. It's never easy for you." "never easy? what..." Marcus followed the hellbeast down the walkway. "Has it really been 3 centuries already? Time flies when you are having fun, though I must admit, I was rather frustrated when I first learned what you did with our little arrangement." Marcus stopped. "I'll go no further. Take me back home or I shall stay right here." Marcus began to feel the ground under his feet become unstable as the cliff-face started slipping into the burning pit below. He hurried to catch up. "You'd be wise not to anger me in here Marcus. Though the unforeseen side affect of your little venture has made me quite amicable to you." "Please." Marcus said, practically begging. "Explain it to me. what did I miss? How did I end up here? where is my wife? my children? How do I get home?" The devil smiled again and said "I prefer to show you, rather than tell. It's much easier." he continued to walk, and marcus was forced to follow along. They passed by several rivers, except the water was replaced with long torrents of fire. within each such abomination of nature was countless suffering souls begging for a mercy which would never come. Every once in a while The devil would construct a bridge of stone for them to travel over one such river. the pair walked for what seemed like an eternity, until the devil stopped him on one such bridge. "What was the last thing you remember before coming here Marcus?" Marcus scratched his head. "I... someone shot me. They came into our home. robbery. I took the bullet for my wife." The devil smiled. "So you died." Marcus just shrugged. "So? I've died plenty of times. never bothered me any. not since I discovered immortality." "Oh but it has marcus... it has..." With a wave of his hand the flames in the river below grew low then petered out. Marcus watched as the burned figures down below were given a momentary reprieve. Watched as their 'bodies' slowly repaired. watched as their faces, long since rendered unrecognizable began to take shape. Every face he saw belonged to him. He looked down at the sea of copies of himself, and they stared up at him. his mind stood still, trying to comprehend what he was seeing. before he could react he felt the devil's hand on his back and he was tumbling into the riverbed below. It was only when he was stood among countless copies of himself he understood. he had died, again, and again. and each time he did he fulfilled his contract. He watched as the flames approached. 