
James gripped the gun, feeling the weight of it. He only had four rounds left, and he knew he needed to make it count. The killer had already killed all of his friends - all but one. *Lily*. He rounded a corner, gun at the ready. His years of firearms training had not prepared him for this; nothing could. But he would do anything to save her. It was too dark to see, the killer having long ago cut out the lights. He knew that no one would be coming to save them. Their efforts to call the police or for help had failed completely. Something was blocking the signal. James slowly entered the living room, rapidly checking behind the door. Nothing. A bloodied corpse lay on the wooden floor, a crimson pool around it. His best friend. James moved with caution, not taking any chances. He couldn't die. He needed to bury his friends. He needed to live on, so that all of their deaths wouldn't be in vain. *He needed to save Lily.* He felt a movement behind him. He turned, finger on the trigger, to see that hideous mask lurching towards him. Instinctively he fired as the killer collided with him, point blank, again and again and again. Two shots pierced the mask, sending bits of brain and viscera splattering onto the living room wall. The body fell down lifelessly on top of him, both of them hitting the floor with a heavy thud. James lay there in shock, thick blood oozing onto him. He'd killed him. He'd killed the bastard who'd murdered his friends. With a shaking hand, he slowly gripped the mask. *He needed to know who it was all along.* Something suddenly wrapped around his neck, and he was pulled backwards, up into the air. A noose made from thick rope pulled him up and hung him from the rafters, tightening around his neck with deadly force. He still held the mask. The body's identity laid bare; its face a mangled mess. "Needed a way to get rid of those bullets," a voice said behind him, pulling the rope and tying it to a banister. "I figured - what's the best way to go about doing that?" James struggled at the rope, swinging from the rafters. He stared wildly at the body in front of him, the life pouring out of it. "Then I thought - do you know what would be just be fuckin' perfect?" James put his shaking arm out in front of him, as if to hold the fallen body. Tears dripped from his bulging eyes. "*If he killed his stupid bitch fiancee, thinkin' it was me*." **** **** [CroatianSpy](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) 