
"Evil isn't so simple," the Wise Wizard said. "You don't just wake up one day, and you're evil, and there's nothing you can do about it. It takes more than that." "But how can one be good and then turn evil?" the brave young witch said, the optimism shining in her eyes. The Wise Wizard had to look away. "That means you were shaky in the first place." "Our great enemy would say you are wrong," the Wise Wizard said, pointing to the top of the mountain, above the clouds where they could only imagine it. "He would say that he was good once, that it could happen to anyone." "He's wrong," the young elf said. "It wouldn't ever happen to me." "I know," the Wise Wizard said. "But the climb to reach his tower is long and filled with traps that even the bravest warrior can be felled by." "Are you challenging us?" the archer said, eyes full of fire. "No. I'm just warning you. Especially of what awaits when you get there." "And what is that?" "Not what you will expect. You see, the Dark One once believed the same things as you. He knows how you feel. And he believes he knows why you are wrong, knows what years of pain can do to one." "Well, he's wrong." "How is that?" the Wise Wizard asked, a little sadly. "Because you've been through some of the greatest wars, and you're still good!" the knight said. The Wise Wizard could not even look in his eyes, see the belief in them. "I guess so," he mumbled. "Now let's get moving, and find a place to camp before the rain falls." - She smiled, that full-on smile, not trying to hide her happiness, but only for a second. Then she frowned. "Your smile," she said. "What about it? Does it still look fake to you?" "No. It looks so real now. And that saddens me, because I know it isn't." He had brought her back in her old age, as he always did, insisting that it had been when she had looked the most beautiful. In the moonlight, he fully believed it. "It is real. It's always real when I see you," he said to his dead wife. "Well, I see you all the time," she said, her ghostly form shimmering in the slanting rain. "And it always makes me happy to see you. To be with you. But-" "Don't say it." "I'm worried." "These kids," he said, looking down. "They believe in me. It scares me, how they can believe my lies so easily." "But do you believe them? Do you really believe every being in the Realm deserves freedom and happiness and peace, as you've told them?" "I don't know. The whole point of this was to see if their belief, seeing it every day, being the object of it, could make me believe again. But..." "What is it, my love?" "I don't know if I can continue this lie. I don't know if they deserve to have their true enemy trick them like this." "Sometimes you have to do bad to do good," she said, smiling as she began to fade. "You taught me that, didn't you?" And there was a flash of lightning, and she was gone. - (continued below) 