
It was a good thing I was already crying, or she may have mistaken my choke for what it was. Panic. I'm not human. I'm not *human*. *I'm not human I'm not human Im not human im not-* "It's going to be okay though. You'll find someone who will understand that you make mistakes and you'll live happily ever after, just like the stories!" She said. The foul stench of a thousand rotten eggs, the terrible taste of million burnt popcorn kernels, the pungent deep-soul *wrong* of a younger sibling having put salt in your milk. But what part of that sentence was the lie? Which part?? I sobbed harder, for I didn't know. "You know what?" Lily said, "I think you need some ice cream." She stood up to grab her car keys, giving me a worried glance on her way. Her hand reached the door, and she paused. "Do you want to come with? Or will you be okay on your own?" "No, I-I-" I took a deep breath to perhaps steel myself. I have to be strong or she won't leave long enough for me to do what I have to. "I'll b-be fine" The look in her eyes claimed she didn't believe me, but she claimed she would be back in a minute and left nonetheless. The store was a mile away, so it would not be just one minute, but I had long gotten used to the taste of a minor lie like that. The minute she was gone, I bolted to the bathroom and grabbed one of the razors. Before we had broken up, my boyfriend had begun to get into shaving with a straight razor and he hadn't grabbed all of his stuff when he left me. I caught myself in the mirror and froze. Was I really going to do this? Take a razor to myself to prove that my *gift* wasn't lying? That I was indeed not human? But I had to know. I had to know. I took the razor to my wrist and let out another sob. How could I have sunk so low? If Lily comes back and sees me like this she'll freak! It wasn't because of the break up, I promise, Lily! Oh god how would I convince her that I wasn't self harming, we had made that pact forever ago and now I - Nothing. *Nothing*. There was no wound. I slashed again. Again, again again again again again there was nothing, nothing happening this blade - it must be the blade, it's dull I'll grab something else something sharper- The kitchen knife! I ran out to the kitchen and grabbed one of the serrated blades. I had used these the other week to make us stir fry I knew they were sharp, this will prove I'm human I can bleed- Nothing. *NOTHING* I slashed again and again and again and again and there was *nothing* Decades of me never breaking a bone, never getting a paper cut, never cut myself while shaving, for fuck's sake, I jumped out of a third story window once for a simulation and missed the landing pad and I *didn't even blink an eye*. The door opened. "Alex are you still there?" the door closed. I dropped the knife. "Alex?" A bag dropped. Footsteps ran towards me. The knife grabbed, replaced. My arms grabbed, inspected. "Are you really trying to harm yourself over him? Alex, we made a pact!" "Lily," I choked out. She froze. I froze. Our eyes locked. "What am I?" 