
I've spent a long time worrying since I found out. Word gets around, even in a grey, dismal place like Purgatory. Maybe faster here than other places, it's not like there's a whole lot to do but huddle together in the churning grey of the mists and whisper. We don't talk loudly here. Voices carry themselves to odd places. No one comes back here, no one human I mean. The angels, they come and go, ferrying us to appointments. Sometimes, the mists part, above or below, and you get a glimpse. The angels tell us what we're seeing isn't strictly real, not the way we used to think about reality. It's metaphysical, the disembodied mind's attempt to make sense of a kind of being it hasn't fully adapted to yet. But still. There are horrors waiting for some of us, there's no doubt about that. I've seen them too, and my mine rolls through its own interpretations of them in quiet moments. I've also seen waiting glory, and the gentle spaces in between. I don't know which will be mine, but now I know who will decide. Help decide, I guess, I think the Powers that Be make the final decision, but the Four sit in judgement, and I worry, worry. I don't think I've led a particularly good life, when I think about it in my honest moments, there alone with the mists and the small parted glimpses of what lies beyond. The whispers all around, speculating, gossiping, blaming. Worrying, like me. I don't know who those four people will be. I don't think I've killed anyone. I don't think I've saved another person either, not really. I kept my cold misery to myself, most days. Tried to. Tried to find a little happiness, some days, but kept other people out of that to. The day comes. The angels that escort me are hard to look at, angels always are. So instead I close my eyes, try for calm, reach out for a little peace. It doesn't really come, and soon I've arrived where I need to be without any conscious movement on my part. I open my eyes. I stare. I think the shock might kill me, if I had any mortality left to give. They speak, right to left. "I am the person you were the most cruel to," I say. And yes, it is me who says it, me looking down from that high seat. Or a version of me. Sad, beaten-down. I know him at once. I shudder. I can only nod. "I am the one you were kindest to," says my next self. He has a smile despite the lines of care on his face. He is holding my favorite book. Our favorite book, maybe, and a chilled bottle of something with no edge of alcohol. "I am the person you saved," says the me to his left. He sets down a small token. My ten-year sobriety chip. I am shaking, and I feel I would sweat if I could. I cannot look at the next one in line, but the angels do not give me a choice, and my gaze shifts. "I am the one you killed with your choices," I slur, and I dash the bottle I hold against the marble floor. "Mercy," I say. "Please. I did my best." "That is for us to decide," they say, as one, as me, and the trial commences. &#x200B; r/Magleby for more elaborate lies. 