
At the bottom of the grainy footage, the timestamp reads: 1:23am. There's no expression on his--*my*--face, as he places his hands either side of his head. He pauses, and looks at the ceiling, staring at *me*. At the camera. Then, he twists his neck; it cracks like a broken twig and he crumples onto the carpet. Next, the sound of the front door creaking; the grinning doppelganger hovering over my body with a swell in his ragged looking jeans; it struggling to pick up the body, but eventually hoisting it over its shoulders; finally, the imposter coming back into my room and getting into my bed. Only, now it's dressed differently than before. No jeans, just boxers. Even its hair seems different. I've watched it a dozen times already. I even showed it to a friend, but he only laughed and asked me how I did it. *What software did you use*? It's already 1.03am. What if it happens every night? How can I ever sleep again? I start the footage over. This time as I'm watching it, something new bothers me, but I'm not certain what. I turn the volume to max and start it again. I hear the snap of the neck and, as always, I wince. I hear the creak of the front door. I hear it shut as the imposter enters. But... I don't hear it creak or close again. My arms begin trembling as I realise why. The body -- it's in the house still. *It has to be.* I grab a kitchen knife and creep toward the cellar door. Why haven't I had the desire to go down here recently? It's like... I forgot it existed. With a deep breath, I twist the handle and pull it open. It's dark. As black as a crow. Too dark to make out the stairwell, so I get out my phone and flick on the flash light. With a dull yellow light guiding me, I make my way down the twisting, brick steps. There are four of them. They are sitting up, leaning against the wall, their bodies facing me, their heads not. I struggle to breathe. I think of turning. Of fleeing. But I can't. As I creep toward the nearest me, a black rat scutters across my foot. I jump, my heart beating hard against my ribs. I run my hand down the cold, naked body. He looks almost alive. An urge--a compulsion--to see its dead face comes over me. A need to see my own mortality, perhaps. I place my hands either side of its head and twist it 180 degrees. It clicks. I can barely breathe when I see the thing in its mouth. A thick wire running down from it and into the wall behind. The dead eyes open. It stares at me. They are open so wide. Urgent. "What are you?" I whisper. "He is me. As are you," says a voice from behind. I turn, shivering, to see another me standing at the bottom of the stairwell. "Well, a bad cover version of me," it says, grinning. Its wearing an old pair of jeans and a holding a shotgun in its hands. It looks older than me. Its hair is flecked with grey. Its eyes baggy and black. "Who--who are you?" "I'm the weekend me. The original me. The only me." "And... then... what am I?" "Nothing important. Just a *thing* that needs resetting." The shotgun clicks and he pulls the trigger. --- Awesome creepy recording of it by /u/iwantlegames: - https://youtu.be/0SNtY3nzcdA 