
"You know James, the likelihood of you failing this test is well over 50%," a cold voice reminded me. "Shut up, it's not his fault his roommate snores loud enough to wake the dead," a gentle voice argued. It was the voices again. They had been arguing amongst each other and trying to talk to me all night. I was so used to their presence I had even given them nicknames. There was Matt: the logical, mathematically-inclined one, Jane: the one gentle one with a love for literature, Lucia: the philosopher and the voice even I was afraid of: The Ninja. "We should have killed him when we had the chance. He is diabetic. It would have been so simple. We take away the insulin. No one would have suspected a thing," a dark voice growled. There was silence in my head for a solid ten minutes. I walked into class and sat down. Just then, a small, airy voice yawned in my head. "Oh jeez, look who is finally awake," Matt said sarcastically. "I was just meditating," replied Lucia calmly. "Well, I sort of ended up napping, but I was originally meditating." Out of the corner of my eye, I saw that my professor had started to hand out the test. "Well as long as you are awake now. James needs our help to pass this test," Jane reasoned. "Oh this all doesn't matter. The world might be an illusion for all we know, but I'll help if you want," Lucia replied in a musical voice. "You have no proof of that!" shouted an outraged Matt. "Guys! Get it together!" Jane yelled in a desperate attempt to rally the troops. A white piece of paper slid in front of my eyes and onto the desk. The first question was: when did the French Revolution take place? "Well, does anyone have the answer?" Jane asked. Lucia and James responded that they didn't. I sat clicking and unclicking my pen. All the voices were silent. Then the creepy, dark voice spoke. "It's simple. We must kill the prof - " Then the other three voices shouted in unison. "Shut-up!" I answered all the questions as best as I could and turned in my test. It had been a draining hour and a half. I left the classroom worrying about my GPA. The voices were silent, seeming to respect my need for privacy. Then, Matt cleared his throat. "Sorry to bother you buddy, I just thought you should know that the likelihood that you failed this test is well over 75% now." 