
A young man wears a shit eating grin, an overly comical response to his own bad pun. He's just said his catch phrase, at least that's what I assume for it to be. I've spent the last few days scrounging for food around a sprawling outdoor set, running from house to house, sleeping whenever I can. The heavy weight of exhaustion must be forced down again, because I know what a stupid joke means. I'm in the living room of what must be the main protagonist's home, as it holds the most survivors. No one apparently is aware of the danger they're in, and part of me is certain that they're held in some sort of trance. No one makes any sudden movements, but I wait for the laugh track. *HAHAHAHAHAHAHA* It comes dull and monotone, disturbing and cruel in its detachment. I rush into a hall closet and slam the door shut. I have maybe five minutes before it arrives. Conversation continues, the family responding to the catch phrase with the usual canned responses and assumed eye rolls. An elderly woman makes a sassy remark. There is no fluidity to their language, each word comes from this strange empty place. No real humanity comes from their lips. The door to the outside opens, and the set comes to an immediate still. Heavy footfalls announce its presence, and it walks directly towards where the young man is still standing. The sound, like throwing raw meat onto a concrete surface. Several more in rapid succession. There are gurgles, but some of the onlookers laugh, like they always do. One day the set will be empty, I suppose. The footsteps recede, and the door to the outside quietly shuts again. I open the door and step into a living room, and try to avert my eyes. Blood splatters over a cheap carpet, some spots of it managing to hit the ceiling fan. I know if I look back onto that carpet, I'll see the young man's head smashed in like an egg. Another house I cannot return to. I raid the kitchen, looking for anything to stave off the starvation. The food is rotted, flies litter and rise, and I know eventually they will lay their young in the corpse in the living room. The family is walking now towards the table, for that usual breakfast. Outside the wind blows, despite this being some kind of enclosed set. They file in one by one, but their movements are different now, not that jerky over acting lurch, but the movements of hopeless persons. Smiles are plastered across their face, but they finally watch me. See me in a truer sense. There are people trapped inside. One sits down, and the mother turns on the stove, preparing to crack rotten eggs into a pan. The father opens a newspaper, and cracks yet another joke about a headline. Something topical, but inoffensive. The woman's head begins to jerk, and I can watch the tears begin to fall as her own canned response comes out. They need help. *HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA* I cannot provide it. Into the closet again. God help them. To my horror, my own mouth opens, and an idiotic quip comes out, causing the mother and father to jerk their own heads in surprise towards me. A voice of my own, but not of my volition. *HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA* Heavy footfalls. All I can do is run. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 