
When the group known as Toto sang the words "I bless the rains down in Africa," nobody thought that they were serious. And nobody thought that such holy waters would become an instrumental part in humanity's war against vampires. Many like to say that vampires have pale skin and are physically weak. Not these vampires. They look like Arnold Schwarzenegger, with bulging muscles and weird posing whenever they come out. They quickly took the world by storm, multiplied, and eventually they covered the sun so they could reign over the whole earth without fearing the sun burning them up. Except, the blessed rains of Africa prevented them from taking over the whole continent. Their campaign in North Africa was successful, for there was little rain to fall upon those lands. But once they started to move further south, their bodies began to burn as the rainy season began. It was humanity's first victory against the vampires, and it was our only way of stopping them from wiping us out. But how did the rains get blessed? Surely it wasn't just Toto singing those words to make them come into reality, was it? Was it possible to bless the rains of Europe, Australia, even the Americas? We pored through records, searching for any clues about how Toto wrote their song.  How they created holy water to fight a threat that the rest of humanity hadn't even noticed. Then, we found our answer. It was a hand-scribbled note by Mike Porcaro, and it read the following... *We discovered that we are able to use The Ripple through our music. I'm not even sure how we did it, but David figured it out. Plus, the guys suggested that we write a song blessing the rains down in Africa. I doubt that vampires will ever come back, but you never know. But if they do, I hope that we can use this one song to keep the rest of humanity safe one last time. *Oh yeah it's funny that everyone calls us Toto. Somebody said that the name Jojo was being used already.* ========== What was The Ripple?  Who is this Jojo guy? Would he have answers? And would we ever see the sun again? We had to believe that this Jojo guy had answers. There was nothing more to believe in, for even the rains down in Africa would stop, and the vampires would attack during the night, continuing to move forward inch by inch, until they pushed humanity into the sea. 