
Taking human form was simple enough, but one of the jackal-shaped aliens worried if he could keep it up during a fight. The three walked towards a pyramid in Egypt, hoping to gain enlightenment from the prisoners kept in the oldest living planet. The humans did not yet know it, but they were the proto-species of the universe, and the gods below were of their own making. Using the stealth feature on their suits, the jackal-men snuck past the guards and into the pyramid. They searched around, until one found the hidden entrance into the prison below. The three aliens entered, and emerged into a massive antechamber, of white and gold and strange designs. Two statues stood at the end, nearing twenty feet in height, with the heads of wolves and the bodies of men. They were designed wearing robes over armour, holding curved swords and Egyptian shields. Crowns were placed on their heads. In other words, they were the Honour Guards, though only statues of the real thing. The three advanced, and saw the skeleton of a true honour guard sitting at the door. The creature saw them, stood up, and made a noise inaudible to the aliens, causing the Honour Guards to awaken. "A Shabti Reanimator?!" One of the aliens gasped. "I had believed them long dead!" "Look, you fool, it is long dead!" Another alien shouted. "Oh, woe, we should never have come here!" The Guards began running towards them, and they tried to dodge the first swing of their swords. The one who had not spoken could not dodge in time, and he was cleaved in half. The other two felt some sorrow but needed to save it for later. The Guards were still ready to fight. "Fools. You wish to find Amun-Ra? There is only Death below our feet, and if you enter the tomb you will unleash it upon the cosmos!" The dead Honour Guard hissed. One of the jackals sidestepped the blade thrusted at him, only to be sent flying as it whacked him in the side. He crashed against the wall, and fell to the ground, dead. The final jackal opened fire with his laser rifle, but it did very little against the statue, who cleaved the shoulders from the alien. With the aggressors dead, the Guards returned to their positions. As the centuries passed, the bones of the jackals joined the antechamber, as did many more aliens. It seemed eternal; most avoided the planet, but some wished for it's awful power. Yet none could have it, for none could stand up to the many tombs' guards, be it Egypt or Norway. And the humans, ever oblivious to their roles as guardians, were always able to advance under the watchful eyes of the gods. 