
"Okay, here we go," June said, spinning the wheels on her mechanical glove, which sent her on a dizzying ride through space and time. She landed in a pub buzzing with activity, colorful bottles lined the wall behind the bar and yellow light radiated through heaps of stacked cups. Women in long dresses and updos danced to the live tunes of a jazz band, while the bartender idly polished the counter. June made her way through the thick vapors of cigar smoke towards one of the quieter corners of the pub. A man in a black suit and hat sat alone in a booth, swiveling cubes of ice in what undoubtedly was a glass of scotch. "Fashionable as ever," he noted, raising his glass unenthusiastically at June. "Well, it's not like I had time to change," June said, looking down at her wrinkly renaissance dress. "Time, sure." He pulled out a pack of cigarettes from his chest pocket. "Want a smoke?" "Come on, Roman," June said. "You know I don't smoke, and besides, we've got important things to do." "Important, right." He said, inhaling deeply. "Ah, that's the stuff." "Why don't you start by giving me an update?" Roman leaned back, regarding her with an amused look. "Why don't you start by sitting down for a moment, Sweetheart?" June felt like kicking him. This was why she hated the fifties. Roman basically turned into a Philip Marlowe with an impossible reluctance to cooperate. "Fine," she said, with a resigned sigh. "Buy me a drink." "Buy your own drinks," Roman said, yawning. "You know, I like you way better in the seventies." "It's the hair, isn't it?" he said, winking. "Tell me one thing, Roman," June said, snatching away the cigarette he was just about to light. "If I were one of those dainty women over there - one of those swooning helpless things, without a hint of independence - would you help me if I came running to you?" "Swooning, huh?" He emptied his scotch. "If I remember correctly, back in the 16th century-" "Yeah, yeah, I couldn't handle the corsets, whatever," she said, rolling her eyes. "What would it take for you to give me the damn update?" "How about you get out of that moldy old dress and get the next round?" Roman said, nodding at his empty glass. "I haven't seen those lovely butt cheeks since Leonardo painted Mona." "Why did I marry you back in the Antiques, I simply don't see it," June said. "I think it was the hair." "You know, I was going to give you the night of your life, but I guess you'll have to wait until Zeppelin releases their first album, I mean, it's only another twenty years." "I'm sure it'll be worth the wait," Roman said and got up. "Until then there are some swooning ladies by the bar, who appear to be in need of my immediate help." June cursed through her teeth and watched him strut over to the dance floor. Be that way, she thought and spun the wheel on her glove again. 