
I've always wanted to tie prompts from different Redditors together as I've never seen anyone do it before. So, here goes. Part One: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/75g2z6/wp_when_the_police_came_to_announce_you_the_death/do61clj/ **** "Agent Tim!" screamed Sergeant Palmer, marching through the office into the meeting room. "Top brass are really giving it to me. I need something positive or I'll see you all on the bread line tomorrow morning." Palmer took his seat at the front of the room. A handful of other officers were dotted around the room. Operation Big Fuck Off Horses had been running for three months now and had garnered the kind of results you would associate with something that wasn't doing too well. For a moment, think of something in your life that isn't going well. Now imagine horses were at the centre of that issue. There you have Operation Big Fuck Off Horses. Agent Tim stood nervously at the front of the room unsure how he was going dress the issues up this time around. As little did they know, for Tim, everything was going to plan. "Veronica, get up here," said Tim, waddling to the side to accommodate her at the front of the room. "I want you to look at the two pictures on the wall and tell me the difference between them." "Well, one is wearing a top hat and a cape," muttered Veronica. "Good. And what else?" asked Tim. "I'm .. I'm not sure," said Veronica, her head bowing. "You see, rookies, to the untrained eye, this is just two normal dudes. Just two separate pictures of regular guys dressed up, ready to tackle the day. But what if I told you the *person* wearing the top hat and cape was actually a 1600lb horse?" The room gasped. "Jesus fucking Christ, he's right," said Agent Perez, standing from his chair to get a better look at the two pictures. "I still can't see it," said Sergeant Palmer, squinting his eyes. "Take a closer look, sir," said Tim, bringing the picture closer to Palmer. "My God .." Tim continued, "you see, this is how they are doing it. Nearly 1 tonne of pure unadulterated muscle? Not a problem when they can throw a pair of Levi's on and a sweet bandana." "This is why we hired you, Tim," said Palmer, standing to address the rest of the room. "This operation will be a success with this man at the helm, mark my words. All we need is that one break, that one opening that allows us to get in to .." The door to the room burst open, "Sir! You have to see this. Some guy just broke the 400m record at the Olympics running 55mph!" "Some *guy*?" said Palmer. **** *"Today the reputation of the Olympic committee was thrown in to question as famed athlete John McNotahorse was questioned over his use of performance enhancing drugs. The track and field star who has smashed the world records of every event he has participated in is at the centre of a storm of allegations as to whether he has participated naturally."* The television fizzled out as the screen went black. "You're pushing your luck! There's only so much I can help you cover up. A fucking *man* running 55mph at the Olympics is out of my hands!" said Tim, sitting in the smoke filled room accompanied by a mob of "You worry too much, Tim. Those bureau boys have got you paranoid," said Don Horse, the smoke from his cigar running over his novelty nose and glasses. "They're going to realise he's a horse, Don!" "His name is McNotahorse, Tim. McNotahorse. We thought ahead. And wait until you hear how much we made on that race." Laughter broke out around the table. "Great. So there's a paper trail. Offing the odd human so we could integrate in to society and improve our movement is one thing, masquerading as athletes for personal financial gain is another," said Tim, standing from the table beginning to pace. Carl stood and put his prosthetic human arm over the shoulder of Tim. "The movement will always come first, Tim. But without money, how are we to buy super cool reassuring prosthetic arms?" "He makes a great point," said Lenny, inadvertently launching the table across the room as he settled from his chair on to four legs. "I mean, just look at this killer leather jacket I have ruined while trying to put on." "The humans will perish, Tim. One by one. The infiltration will succeed and when the time is right we will strike," said Don Horse, feverishly butting the turned over table. **** I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement. 