
"Sbrgrl, are you ready?" The being nodded in response, jamming his appendages into the ship's steering inlets. "Yes, Mother. I'm ready." "You're sure? We don't have to do this if you aren't comfortable." "I'm sure. I have to do this, for myself if nothing else. Is everything packed?" His towering father entered the operations room, a lumbering, beastly thing. "Yes, son, we are ready for liftoff! Do your thing." Sbrgrl nodded with all ten of his head-like parts, then initiated flight sequences while his parents strapped in for the ride. Particle engine--engaged; overdrive warp disc--flummoxed; pressurizers--wingled. He floated his vision-blobs back to where his parents were seated and paused a moment. "We're ready," his father said in the way that Lkokdry reassure one another. "It's been a long time, and you've been practicing a lot. Just take your time, take it slow, and everything will be fine." A smile, in the form of wriggling gelatinous tumors, crept across Sbrgrl's being, and he activated all three cores at the same time, lurching forward sharply. He heard his parents gasp, but startup is always rough in the older models. It's not his fault their ship is so outdated; I mean, the damn thing can't even exit camouflage mode. It's just stuck in a permanent state of being brown and rocky. The ride was long and full of bumps, hiccups, and other such jarring jerks and jingles. Soon, though, they passed the ringed planet and stirred with excitement, knowing they grew close. "Careful, Sbrgrl," his mother said, coaxing. "You can start slowing down now." He obliged, but they were close, and Sbrgrl hated flying. He didn't want to draw it out any longer than needed, so he slowed down, then, just as slowly, sped back up. At last, the little blue planet with it's creamy white swirls and marvelous yellow-ish sun came into view, and Sbrgrl warbled with relief, like a water balloon full of boiling honey. It grew large in the viewscreen, and larger still. "Slow down, son," his father said, with a light half-body laugh. "You can slow down now." But Sbrgrl tensed up, seeing the little planet. His three minds went dim, thoughts racing as panic gripped him. "Shit," he cried out. "Shit, I can't control it!" "Yes you can!" his mother scolded, trying to scare him into believing it. "I know you can, and you will. You have to get it right, or you'll always be haunted by what happened." Sbrgrl tightened his grips on the levers, yanking them, but he yanked two of them the wrong way in his abrupt motion and fright, speeding up despite pulling out the counterthrust jets. The ship rumbled, creaking, moaning in complaint as the two forces collided, spinning them, tumbling toward Earth. "Get out of the way!" his father shouted, trying to yank him free of it. But Sbrgrl knew--if he couldn't make it right, that would be the last chance he'd ever get to fly, and prove he's not incompetent. Unfortunately for him, it was. The caterwauling clamor of smashing into Earth's atmosphere at a bad angle tossed Sbrgrl and his father to the other side of the ship, removing any semblance of control there once was. They careened through the stratosphere, a ship the size of New York, and smashed into the southern hemisphere, displacing half of the Atlantic Ocean in minutes. By the time they awoke from the trauma of their crash landing and stepped outside, Earth had died. Again. "Fuck!" His father circled around the hull, checking for damage. "It's bad, but we can still make it back home. On the other hand, our vacation is completely ruined. I told you, honey, I told you not to let him drive again." Sbrgrl cowered in a corner, a limp pile of appendages and sadness. "There's no point in beating him up over it," she said. "It's been 66 years since his last attempt. I thought it'd be fine, but I guess there are some things we're just not made for. We won't ask you to do it again, sweetie. Let's go home." "Sorry for yelling at you, son," Sbrgrl's father said to him as he strapped back into the ship. "I get worked up, but you know how it goes. Just like last time, no matter how bad the landing is, our little vacation home is always fine the next time we come around. Crazy how fast it repairs itself--I mean, a year? Anyway, we'll just head back and spend our week off at home." Sbrgrl strapped in next to his mother, pouting, and they departed, leaving Earth behind as a smoldering pile of rubble and ash. "I ruined it again," he said, curling against his mother. "Oh, sweetie. I know it looked bad, maybe even a little worse than last time since the ship's bigger, but you remember how beautiful it was the year after your last accident. It'll heal. Just rest and we'll be home before you know it." And so Sbrgrl, the ender of two Earth eras, took a nap in his mother's lap. ----- */r/resonatingfury* 