
The tears began slowly, dropping onto the desk with a patter. Soon they flooded out, a puddle forming in the inkwell that I had always remembered as being on the left hand side but was in fact on the right. I was breathing heavily, taking in the scent of pinewood and whiteboard marker that I had once consigned to the recesses of my mind like so many other nostalgic vignettes that would come through at random points in my life when triggered by some innocuous sight or sound or smell. I was suddenly aware of everything: my heart bouncing up and down with an increasing frequency; the feel of my bony bottom on the plastic chair and the tiny bit of give in said chair that allowed me to lean back; my tongue against the few baby teeth I thought I'd lost. I felt the pencil in between my fingertips; every edge of the hexagon shape rolling between forefinger and thumb. The brushing of my hair against my smooth forehead, and the uncomfortable pinch of my feet against shoes that were no match for my rapid growth. It wasn't that I felt alive for the first time in ages; it was more the knowledge that I was alive, and it was beautiful. Thoughts zoomed around my mind with the verve of a grand prix and then some. Lightning bolts of memories that never were but still felt so real zinged with a ferocity that made my head feel like it was split open. The knowledge of two or so decades cascaded around, fighting for every inch in the crowded house that was my brain, each trying to settle but unable to. The implications of what I knew, or what I thought I knew, were too much to bear. Millions of lives I thought had been lived were yet to, and millions more that had come to an end burst back into existence like flowers in bloom. I thought of my children, now less than a twinkle in my eye. I thought of seeing my parents again for the first time in years; the musty smell of tobacco that accompanied my father and the scent of coconut oil my mother had always anointed herself in would no longer be a distant memory but something I could nuzzle into once again, for a bit longer at least. There was a feeling of contentment at that thought washed over me. Most of all, though, I thought of everything that I could now do. I thought of all my mistakes and victories and everything in between, and whether or not it would be wise to alter the course of events or whether time was like a river, strong and true and unable to be diverted even with this apparent second chance. After all, even the mighty Mekong could have forged a different path had the smallest of pebbles landed differently early enough near the source. "Are you okay?" my teacher asked again, her name a mystery to me as it had been for years; something I would have to rectify. I looked up at her and wiped my eyes, then smiled. "Yeah, I think I will be." ............... /r/sandsshortswriting 