
The grass was wet. The kind of cold damp that made the night shiver. I slumped against the tombstone and pulled a cigarette from my pocket. Jonas groaned behind me. "Fuck you." I lit the cigarette. It smelt of cheap shit, rolled thin and precious. He groaned again. I leaned to one side and felt the pain flare up. "No way." He was quiet, or as quiet as I could expect. Just the slow wheeze of lungs that had been filled with dirt only a few days before. "I did it," he said. The voice was cruel, a tongue dragged through the gravel of hell. "I fucking did it." "I know you did it you dumb sonofabitch. I'm the one who fucking caught you." The smoke was sweet. Too sweet. Another shit batch traded for precious silver. The bastard was rotting behind me and it took a minute to realise he was crying, or at least trying to. I looked over my shoulder, the tombstone between us, and saw the bones of his shoulder rise and fall. "I did my time," he said finally, when the tears ran out. "Congrats. Welcome to round two." "Fuck you lawman." "I don't have any sympathy for you pal." "I don't want your sympathy." "Good. Cuz you ain't gettin' it." I took another drag. Coughed up the phlegm, felt my side burn. Death couldn't come soon enough. "Everyday I promised her I'd get justice. Over and over and fucking over." "Who?" "June." "Your wife?" I had to stop myself from laughing. My hand came away from my side. The blood was darker now. "I didn't do it," Jonas said. "Ah for christsakes, not this shit again." "I didn't do it! And now there's proof. Now you can ask her!" "How numbnuts?" "Because she'll come back," Jonas said, and the tears were back with his words. "She'll come back like all the rest--like me--and she'll know I failed her." The grass was wet and the night was cold. "You shot me," I said finally. "I'm not going in the ovens. Not until I've seen my wife. Not until I can tell her I tried." I leant over, passed a fresh cigarette to the dead and dying man. His skin hung loose and grotesque and his hand shook as he took the thin roll. "I'm taking you in," I said. "And then we'll see about finding your wife." 