
Time for another, I thought. How many had I ferried into this forever state? Too many to count. This time, it was the worst type of job. A child. I stood in the hospital room, in the corner. I watched as the parents silently cried at their comatose daughter. The sound of beeping filled the room, the only clue that the girl was still alive. She would be my last, I had decided. I had watched her before. I'd seen the chemo ravage her body and make her weak. I'd held her hand in comfort as she vomited. Wiped her tears when she'd started losing her golden hair. And now the cancer was winning, she only had a few minutes left. I'd found that I could possess a person for a few minutes at a time thousands of years ago. To provide comfort, to ready them for their passing and to prevent the loneliness they would inevitably feel. They would soon leave me though. I never stepped through the light, I never wanted to stop doing this. But now, after so many wars, so much suffering, after billions of people ferried to the next world I realised that I am so tired. The doctor flipped the switch on her ventilator, and soon that beeping stopped and the cries of the family grew louder. Such grief I'd heard before but never again. The girls spirit dropped down from the bed. "Momma?" She said, confused, "Momma, I'm right here!" She tried to tug at her mothers sleeve but grew scared when her hand passed straight through. "Its okay." I say from my vigil in the corner, "you've moved on to a place where there is no pain or suffering. No nasty medicines that make you feel worse." Her sky blue eyes grew sad. "I can't see momma again?" I stretch out my hand to her, "You'll see her again, when it's her time." She took my hand and started to cry. We walked out of the room and into the hallway. A light appeared, as warm and inviting as all the other times I'd seen it. She looked up at me, "Are you coming?" "Yeah," I said, "this is my time too." I thought of every soul I'd met, and knew I'd be welcome. As they met the light, i said a silent sorry to the souls I'd never meet. That would have to find their own way. But after thousands of years it was time. Time for my rest. Edit: I kept switching from 1st person to 3rd person 