
I chuckle, my voice echoing between the cubicles. Yet another fool has walked into my trap. "Would you like red paper?" I ask as soon as he's finished his business. "Or would you like blue paper?" He freezes. Stiffening in fear, no doubt. I flex my incorporeal fingers, preparing for the assault that will pull him into my- "What?" Now it is I who freezes. "Who said that?" he demands. "Is someone in the next cubicle? Dude, my dispenser's full, I don't need any paper-" "It was I!" I interrupt. "Do you want red paper or blue paper?" He looks around. I can see the bafflement written all over his slack jaw and frowning eyebrows. "What the hell kind of question is that?!" he cries. "What does it matter what colour paper I have?" A snarl rips itself from the back of my throat. "Your manner of death rests on this decision!" I am forced to explain. "Should you choose red paper, I shall slash your body until your clothes are stained red with your blood! Should you choose blue, I shall strangle you until your face turns blue!" For a moment, he nods. He understands. But then he frowns again. "Why the fuck would you do that?" he asks. "What do *you* get out of it?" "I am the Aka Manto!" I screech directly into his ear. "It is simply what I do!" "Does my soul get dragged to hell or something?" "No! That happens if you say you want some other colour!" "But why toilet paper?" "Because-" "It just seems like such a weirdly specific thing! I mean, if... if you were in a library or something and you were looking at a book, I wouldn't swoop in out of nowhere and ask what cover art you wanted! It doesn't really matter!" "But I-" "Wouldn't it be better to do printer paper or something? It'd be way less gross! Wouldn't smell half as bad-" "CHOOSE ALREADY!" My patience has dwindled to nothing. "CHOOSE FOR ME THE COLOUR OF YOUR DOOM!" He falls silent in shock. His fingers twitch, reaching for a moment for the dispenser. "...what if..." he speaks slowly, uncertainly. "What if I just say I don't want paper?" Damn. He's got me. "...I would have to release you," I am compelled to tell him. "I cannot act on your decision if you simply do not make the decision." He hesitates. Seconds tick past as he simply sits there, looking around uselessly for some sign of my presence, his face contorting into strange expressions as he thinks. Then, at long last, he stands and pulls his trousers up to his waist. "...then I guess I'll just wipe next time," he says. If I had a heart, it would be sinking. "...oh," is all I can say. "Okay. Fine." "So, uh..." "Just make sure to wash your hands on the way out." "Got it." 