
Sudden loud ringing jolted me awake, putting me on full alert. Was that the smoke alarm? Emergency services? Or... Oh. My alarm. "Uuuugghhhh" The groan didn't stop my phone's alarm app, so I reluctantly sat up and started the math problems. I've been using this app for weeks, and I guess I answer the questions too quickly, because they keep getting harder. Anyway, after solving a "4 state differential equation (I seriously have no idea what that means, I just figure out the pattern and call it a day), I roll back over and go to sleep. This continues for 3 more weeks or so, the alarm goes off, I roll over, solve some stupid math thing, and go back to sleep. One night, when I set my alarm, I got a weird message though. *Wow! Awesome job! You have solved the highest difficulty questions in this app. You are now entering "Millennium Mode". From now on, you will be asked to work on one of the 7 Millennium Math Problems for 5 minutes when you wake up. [Here](https://curiosity.com/topics/the-millennium-problems-are-7-math-problems-worth-dollar1-million-each-curiosity/) is a link to a webpage describing these problems.* I browsed the link, and on one hand, it's cool that the app had this built in. On the other hand, I *really* don't want to work on unsolvable problems first thing in the morning. I almost deleted the app, but figured I would give it one try. The next morning came, and I was tasked with finding how the Navier-Stokes equation relates to the travel of waves behind an object. What the hell? Yeah I'm definitely deleting this app after working on this for the next 5 minutes, because this sounds too hard. Anyway, I worked for about 4 minutes and... Did it? I don't really know what this stuff means, but it makes sense. It fits the patterns. Anyway, since the app doesn't know the solution, it starts beeping as soon as I stop working, so I just began doodling. Curious, I saved my work on the problem, and sent it to the creator of the app (some Math professor from Stanford), not really expecting to hear back quickly. While I wait for a response, I keep the app. Everyday for the next 6 days I come up with "solutions" for the 6 other Millennium problems in under 5 minutes. Idk if they're right or not, but I send each one to the app creator. Then, on that seventh day, he finally messaged me back. *Dominic,* *I don't know how you're doing this, but you have proposed solutions to each of the Millennium problems that I cannot disprove. I have sent these to many of my colleagues, excluding the one you did today, and they cannot disprove them either. Would you be willing to come to Stanford so we can talk? All travel accommodations will be covered, of course.* *In the mean time, you need a new alarm app. I think you have outgrown mine. Maybe get one that doesn't involve math.* *Sincerely,* *Dr. Dietz* Huh. Free travel to Cali? Yeah I can miss some work for this. I just hope they don't ask me to do anymore math. EDIT: Formatting and a word EDIT 2: Part 2 below! EDIT 3: Part 3 below below! 