
'Twas a fairy tale like no other. For most of her life, Princess Ardena had been regarded as quiet, reclusive and maybe a little strange. She rarely interacted with the citizens of the kingdom. indeed, she barely ventured outside of the castle complex, except for her furtive voyages to the nearby forest. It was an eccentric, secretive hobby that ignited suspicion in common folk and nobles alike; however, as she was the sole heir to the throne of Carrellia, the king and queen naturally doted on her, indulging her with armed guards during these trips. The soldiers were explicitly told to listen to her every word, which they did so without question. The Princess would've preferred her adventures to be completely solitary, but understood the need for protection in a dangerous world. There was even a dragon out there, for whom a Hero had been sent out. It was an important, exciting matter that had the whole kingdom talking, but it was mere distraction to whatever secretive activities she busied herself. Again, a strange life she led - but seemingly harmless. Until, of course, it was no longer. On the night of her sixteenth birthday, the moon was full and bright, and the air was crisp with October cold. Most were already asleep in the villages dotting the kingdom, save for nursing mothers or servants finishing up the day's scullery work. Indeed, it such maid-girl who first saw the Princess approach from the road. Scared but curious, she called out, attracting Ardena's attention - and that's when it all began. With a cackle that was more akin to a scream, Princess Ardena unleashed fire from her fingertips. Soon enough, the whole village was ablaze. As the townspeople fled, they looked back in terror and confusion at the figure floating in the sky: a slender woman clothed in black and purple, contrasting skin paler than that of a corpse. Her face was the worst part: it was beautiful, in a deadly way. The lips were red like blood as they moved to speak strange, unearthly incantations. All throughout, her eyes remained black and soulless. Word got to the Royal Palace - the Princess, their sweet but stranger Ardena, had become a witch, a sorceress, a monster. The king and queen refused to believe it at first, but as another village went up in flames and word came back of the hero's kidnapping, they had to accept the truth with a heavy heart. Something had to be done, something drastic. It was during counsel with the royal advisors that the dragon burst into the meeting-room, crashing through the tall stained glass window. The guards in the room shouted in alarm, but stayed true to their training and did not cower. Indeed, they rushed toward the magnificent scarlet beast, spears and swords drawn. The dragon easily bashed them to the walls with a two sweeps of his tail. Before the rest of the room could even react, the dragon spoke, his voice deep and gravelly. "We need to discuss matters, your Highnesses. The situation is grave." "Get thee back, beast!" The Vizier of Defense shouted. "More guards are approaching right now - you can't kill them all!" "If I had wished to kill, I would've done so," the dragon intoned. Indeed, the guards lying against the wall were unconscious - or terrified and merely pretending to be. "I recommend you call off any other guards - we must the solve the problem." The king, having gathered his courage some, spoke up: "We?" "Indeed. Your daughter has invoked dark forces that threaten not only your meager human kingdom, but the balance of nature in this entire land." The dragon sighed, fire trickling out between his teeth. He trained his great golden eye, laden with a strange, almost-human grief, on the king and queen. "It burdens me to say that we must stop the mad Princess, whatever the cost." &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; *Liked that story? Want more like it? Check out* r/Idreamofdragons! 