
The room was dark, and full of frowns. My dad, bald as he was, scarred as he was, couldn't stop pacing from wall to wall, shaking his head, grimacing, clenching his fists. "I'm telling you, it's time to get back to business. We can't allow another organization to come and steal what we took so long to build." My mom, who was sitting on a chair with her legs crossed, and smoking a cigarette, said, "A bomb or two. Boom. Our problems are gone and smoked, reduced to morsels if you wish." "I know their son. He goes to my school," my sister said, still wearing her backpack. "I can...bring him here. A gap, a rope, a note, and we would have them eating from our palms." "Exactly!" I said. "Hit them where it hurts." Silent, my grandfather leaned against the wall, still clad in the restaurant's outfit. He had a wide smile carved on his face, as though our words were amusing to him. It made sense, he built our empire, he was the well of knowledge of the family. Our ideas were no different than those from movies. Reality was not a movie, and he knew it better than any of us. "I still think a bomb is the quicker w--" "It's too messy. We should kidnap his son--" "They will know who we are! That can be dangero--" "Since when do we care about dang--" And just like that, the conversation dissolved into a mess of shouts and curses, raised hands, and pantomimes. In the background, subtle as the whisper of the winds, the laughter of my grandfather melded with our discord. "What are you laughing at?" My father shouted at my grandfather. The old man shook his head, and pointed at his chest. "Look at the outfit. What do you see?" We all went silent, looked at each other askance. "The logo of our restaurant," I said. My grandfather nodded. "You are forgetting something very important," he said, and clutched the outfit. "This right here brought us a lot more money than crime. What are they using as a laundering front?" "A cinema." "Give them a month, they will see the money and they will stop caring about crime. Now, stop with your silly conversations. We have to focus on what truly brings the money." We looked at each other, and found ourselves at a loss for words. My grandfather walked to the door, and before leaving he said, "Sweetie, bring that boy to the restaurant. I think we could negotiate some sort of promotion with them. We can have the customers eat here, and before they leave we give them a free ticket to a movie. Or we can have the customers go to the cinema, and give them a discount to eat here with their ticket. "Not everyone has to be our enemy, sometimes alliances is where the true golden pot rests. Besides, if the business starts to go wrong, we will have a profound knowledge about them. After all, they don't know our past, they don't know we used to be criminals, but we do know their present. And an unexpected attack is a deadly thing." He looked at us. "What's do I always say?" "Keep your enemies close. Don't catch feelings. Kill them when needed." "Don't forget that." ---------------------- r/NoahElowyn 