
About 30 years ago Prince Charles died a very mysterious death. Some had said he was trying to overthrow the Queen only months before he died but most put that down to tabloid rumours. 30 years on and the Queen still reigns at the ripe old age of 122 with what seems like the enthusiasm of someone in peak physical condition. My name is Alan Reef, I am a journalist and for the last 10 years I've made it my life's work to uncovering the secrets of the royal family. I do not publish these stories as I do not want end up like some of the royal families enemies. Namely, dead. So I've kept a low profile and made my name as a regular journalist just trying to get the real news out there to the masses. Today however is the day that I have been invite to a royal party and will receive an OBE for my contribution to my field. My crisp new pin striped suit feels good on me as enter the palace grounds, the guards doing their usual rounds with their silly hats and uniforms that make them stand out like a rugby player on a tennis court. I'm can feel the excitement rising in me the closer I get to the ceremony. I'm so giddy I could giggle like a little school girl. Before I go in I have a quick double check that my trusty microphone, concealed within my thin spectacles is working. All I have to do click a small button on the side while I'm "cleaning" them and I record what I see and hear. I've been using this trick for years now and have never been caught. As a fail safe I've even had a wi-fi connection built in so I can upload the videos online if I have no other options. The world must see the truth after all. During the ceremony the Queen is sat there in all her finery looking as regal as ever while each person receives whatever award they came to get. It's all very drab and very boring and I'm simply waiting for a moment that I can slip away to do some super sleuthing. My moment finally comes when I inform another boring award winner that I must relieve myself during the buffet section of the party. I head towards the bathroom but instead take a different corridor and sneak through a door into a small courtyard, marble pillars holding up each corner of the room, a small square patch of grass with a circular fountain in the middle the only other things I can see. Alone by the looks of it. I decide it's time to start recording. I'm not the only one that believes there's something up with the Queen. There are many others and many who actually work for the Royal family themselves. Which is why befriending some of these people has allowed me to gain access to the guards rotations and the placement of the cameras within the palace. I didn't get to where I am without being good at my job after all. After many twists and turns and some real heart pounding moments I make it to my final destination, the queens bedroom! The giddy school girl feeling returns as I make my way into the room. At first glance it all looks normal but on closer inspection I can see some things are off. Too much dust on a make up drawer, a side table that looks almost new, as if it has never been opened and a book shelf that doesn't quite fit. I scan the shelf but see nothing out of place until I come to the end where a worn candle holder reveals some scuff marks on the wall. I check the candle holder and sure enough there is a catch on the back. I pull it back and pull the holder like a lever. The book shelf swings back to reveal a real life secret stair case. I'll be damned. An actual hidden pathway. I chuckle to myself at the absurdity of it all as I make my way down the stairs, recording everything as I go. At the bottom of the stair case I am shocked and appalled to find bodies. Hundreds of them lined up with heart monitoring equipment. The bodies seem to be enclosed in some sort of vacuum packing plastic. I walk to the closest body, lying down on a cold steel gurney and find myself staring into the unseeing eyes of the dead Prince Charles himself. A scuffle behind me alerts me too late to the danger I'm in, there's a sharp pain in my head and I black out. End of part 1. Hope you like it. I haven't proof read it so sorry if there's some bad mistakes in there. [More?] 