
It came all at once. Fame of all kinds. The fanatical and ravenous kind, the passing and distant admiration, long lasting looks and screaming fans. For awhile. Pete was dead, and that was that for him, as far as everything was concerned. Being dead didn't really make you better than anyone else, though when it comes to human souls they're always in need of some kind of hierarchy so everyone can know which people are better and which are worse. He'd spent most of his life fixing shoes, and it'd been satisfying work. People needed shoes, and afterwards he felt a little sense of pride, knowing clients walked away satisfied. Or at least no longer with sore soles and bunions and the like getting worse and worse. In his spare time, he painted landscapes. Nothing too special, though he enjoyed playing around with color and brush strokes, a kind of impressionism with what others would later call surrealism. It looked mighty fine to him, as far as he was concerned. When he died, he asked where Saint Peter was, but the guy at the gate told him to pick a number, shut the fuck up, and wait in line. It was quite the line for nobodies like him. There was some ass on a very tall chair that would pronounce judgement in a great, booming voice, but when asked which religion was the right one, he'd give a very hand-waved explanation about the meaning of life. If pressed for answers, they would be sent to the back of the line. Pete stood in line, trying to piece together how he died, as one evening he'd gone to sleep and wound up here. Probably a heart condition. Nearly a hundred years after being dead, in the cafe Pete liked to spend most of his dead mornings doing a dead crossword puzzle with a dead cup of coffee, some new arrivals came out of nowhere asking for an autograph of all things. As time passed, more came out of the woodwork, even souls he'd known a decade ago that wouldn't dare spend time with him suddenly globbing onto his routine, and he found this quite distressing. He'd ask people who knew him how they knew him, and it turned into a very one-sided conversation about how much of a genius Pete was, but this kind of thing only served to confuse him more. The greatest painter of his generation, they'd say. A true artist, an auteur, a master of his craft. Pete asked at first if they meant his work with shoes, which he vastly preferred, but most people seemed to not know this about him. The more he asked, the more confused he'd become. A struggling genius, they'd say. Mentally ill but profoundly talented, a man working through the deepest of demons to find the inner artistic light beneath. They told him he'd lived in a squalid apartment, which he found offensive. He liked his place. He didn't need much space. Next they'd laud him for his intensive isolation, unable to comprehend the limits of his own society, a tortured and socially inept genius who seduced almost any woman he came across. He didn't know about seducing anyone, as Pete couldn't recall doing such a thing. Similarly, he just liked the quiet and being alone. Spending time with his cat, that kind of thing. All in all, Pete's life, while uneventful, had made him quite content. But with every fan, his legend grew, along with the accolades and constant pressure from fellow dead celebrities to join in whatever dead shenanigans they chose to partake in. Dead celebrities tended to revel to much greater extremes than living ones, as eventually, everyone was forgotten. Afterwards, the parties stopped. The fans disappeared. And eventually, you'd be left alone. Pete didn't find this so bad, but wished people would stop calling him a genius and sending him bottle upon bottle of whiskey, after some other rumor spread that he could drink two bottles in a single morning before painting. That seemed quite unprofessional to him. One morning, an extremely wealthy dead man came to call. He shook Pete's hand, who found himself surrounded by the usual group of loudly fawning strangers, and went on a rather quiet walk, which Pete found quite lovely. He asked Pete how he enjoyed being famous, and Pete responded with a rather lukewarm 'so-so'. The rich man told Pete that recently someone found a cache of his paintings, and brought them to a private collector. This collector, deciding Pete's life story wasn't attention grabbing enough, concocted a rather elaborate and bizarre story to inflate the value of these paintings, and to paint his work as some missing artistic link. No one had heard of him beforehand, and barely anyone remembered him. Pete wasn't insulted. Only confused. He asked the man why this was done, and first the rich man explained what money laundering was. Then pointed out an excellent way to do so included buying exorbitantly expensive art work and sitting on it, only for it to continue rising in value among other collectors, essentially generating even more money. He shook Pete's hand, told him it was nothing personal, and wandered off. Apparently this man had been shot when attempting to move a few works from another one of Pete's supposed 'hidden' collections, but didn't hold anything against him. Pete wandered off into the park, full of fellow dead people and dead animals. He hoped sometime soon, people would forget about him. And eventually, they did. Much to his satisfaction. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato - for stuff from me r/redditserials - for stuff from me and others 