
The numbers were staggering. Even if you considered human error, and sampling bias, and the fact that China *always* downplayed tragedy...it was still *at least* one half. 50%. Like a knife through a worm, just like that, in a second, the global population is cut in two -- and one of those two parts gets thrown away. Other countries tried to surrender early (and no, France wasn't one of them). The U.S. equivocated -- not because they were tougher, but because they had more bureaucracy. Prevailing wisdom was they were ready to throw in the towel, but suddenly it was no longer necessary. It stopped. It all stopped, just like that, a blinking of one giant, green-tinted eye, and it was over. Many of the buildings were still smoking from their super-heated neutron cannons. The dark blue vessels -- shaped like a crab with all its limbs pulled off -- pulled back. Rising back through the clouds and out of sight in that eerie way they had, with no visible combustion of anything. There were those that said they decided to show mercy on us because of the governments that waved the white flag, and that we were foolish for taking so long. There were others who said that they were intimidated by the F-35s and that suddenly they didn't like the odds of success. Some said it was a high-level government conspiracy to unite the world against a common enemy. It was all bullshit, of course. No one knows what caused it, and the explanations touted by the talking heads on the news channels got more and more convoluted as time went by. All we know for sure is that they treated the world like an overgrown punching bag, razed cities to the ground -- more than that, to *below* the ground -- and wiped the majority of the people from the face of the planet in the process. And then they just...left. It was like a hit-and-run where Earth was an elderly person with a walker and they were a semi-truck. * * * *Next transmission, Second Lunn'ikh Farrehl -- we demand something called "health care," to be paid by the Mungg Empire High Command.* *And the the other thing?* *Yes! We demand "breaks of lunch." Oh! Oh! I almost forgot. We also want something called "donuts" in every ship's consumption zone -- also to be provided by the High Command.* 