
James stared at the man, barely remembering to switch to Aramaic before he answered. "Jesus?" he stuttered. "You think I'm..." "Holy one, we feared..." the man interrupted, his voice dropping to a whisper as stepped closer. He stretched out a shaking hand, to touch James' robe. "We feared the worst, after the Romans...after everything. Forgive us, even we doubted..." "I - what?" James muttered, stumbling to sit down on the nearest rock. The blazing sun beat down on his neck, but the sweat that sprang to his brow had nothing to do with the heat. He was wrong. His refusal to believe, his contempt for anything that couldn't be empirically proven - he had been wrong, all my life. Jesus *had* existed. "I saw you appear here, from thin air," the man continued, his eyes shining and wide with reverence. "We must share this miracle, Lord. Just as we did with the fish, and the bread, and the wine. This feat surpasses them all. I shall be honoured to - " "No!" James shook his head fiercely, struggling to think of a way to get rid of the guy, or convince him he hadn't seen anything. This was a disaster - he was meddling with time in the worst way possible. He had to go back, pretend he'd never travelled to this place. How could he have been so stupid - And suddenly, the guy was grinning, his dark eyes shrewd as he looked James up and down. "I'm just messing with you," he sniggered. "Sloppy landing, my friend, couldn't resist - you really need to work on your subtlety when appearing. And near the place where the tomb was rumoured to be? Can you be more obvious? My name's Lawrence, by the way. 23rd century. You thought you were the first to swing by and see if the stories are true? It's a national pastime in my era, to come see this time for yourself." Other time travellers. James' head ached as he tried to grasp the implications, the horrible mess they'd made of things. And it was their fault, all of it. They had invented the device in the first place. He felt a sick swoop in his stomach. His career was over, his *life* might be over, because of a childish argument over religion. And for each second he lingered here with Lawrence, he was risking all manner of paradoxes, practically inviting time to tear itself apart. "I have to go back," James muttered, avoiding Lawrence's eye. He shouldn't give the guy one more second to explain further, to hold him to this time any longer. Time he should never have tampered with. "Wait, I know what you're thinking, but don't worry - " Lawrence started to say, when James tapped the device strapped to his wrist, and vanished into thin air. "Jesus, dude, hold your horses," he muttered to himself, when he heard someone babble in Aramaic nearby. Two peasants, women who had been making their way up the hill, had dropped to their knees in shook. They were pointing at the spot where James had vanished. "Jesus?" one of them croaked. Before he could explain, they were pelting up the hill, still screaming and laughing in shock. "Ooooh," Lawrence said softly, biting his lip slightly in worry as he suddenly understood a great many things. ---------- Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. 