
Adam Kinsley awoke to a nightmare. The adrenaline pumped so hard that the blood sang in his ears. He rubbed his eyes, pinched himself, then distractedly struck his alarm clock off the nightstand in an effort to silence it, but still the images remained. He took deep breaths, then reached for the phone by his bed. Maybe talking to somebody would break the spell, he thought. "Jenny?" he said, after the second ring. "Adam? What the... it's 7.30 AM! Are you still at home?" "Just wanted to check, you know, if I was dreaming." "Dreaming? Have you been drinking? It's Tuesday! You better not be hungover! The September presentation's today! Jesus! Get your ass to the office!" The phone slipped from Adam's hand. He was a born salesman, able to talk the ear off anyone who would listen, but he somehow couldn't find the right words to describe how a sea of spiders had blanketed his apartment ceiling, covering it from edge to edge in black, furry, chitinous carapaces. He wondered briefly if this had anything to do with the spiders he had been rescuing and setting free. He never saw the point in killing them, not when they were harmless and kept other pests away, but he had also never knew they would infest in this manner. Regret and anger swirled into a potent cocktail, clouding his mind. "This is how you repay me? When it's the most important day of my career so far?" he said, as he slid from his bed, inching towards the door. "My landlord's going to kill me, you know that right?" Fresh horrors awaited him in the living room. All points of exit were swathed in what appeared to be layers of cobwebs, and the morning sun streamed but weakly through the swaddled windows. Adam turned as he heard the scurrying of a million legs behind him, and barely held up his hands in time to ward off a stream of spiders flying through the air, erupting towards him. "What the hell!" Adam cried, as he lost his footing and fell. He expected to connect hard with the teak floors, but instead he bounced off a freshly-woven coat webbing, cocooning him. He flexed, but he barely made any headway. A chittering filled his ears, and he had to fight from opening his mouth to scream. "Please," he whispered, the tears filling his eyes. "I never hurt any of you, I always watched out for you. Why is this happening to me? I just want to go to work, forget any of this happened! Please, please..." The webbing soon covered him fully, though the spiders left just enough space for him to breathe through and to peer out from. He lay on the ground, facing the television. He wriggled, tried to get away, but he could not move. He tried to scream too, but no one heard him. His prison was complete. Then, stretching his belief to the point of breaking, he saw a single spider, triple the size of those around it, dangle down from the ceiling, swinging closer to the television. The other spiders moved away from it, giving it the space it needed. The queen then extended a single leg, then activated and turned the television on. The news channel logo flashed briefly on the screen, before cutting to a newscaster on the streets of New York. Adam recognised first the deli in the background, then the street signs, then the building in the background of the shot. The familiarity was unmistakable, especially after he had worked at the same place for years. He could even imagine himself there, at the scene, already reporting for work like any other day at his office on the 110th level, were it not for the sudden infestation of arachnids. "Reports are just coming in," said the newscaster, the panic and worry etched clearly on her face. "There appears to be an explosion on the north tower, over 100 floors up. Eyewitnesses say that, and I'm having trouble believing this myself, but they say that a plane, yes, a plane..." --- /r/rarelyfunny 