
It happened again. I sprained my ankle for the fifth time this year. So, here I am sitting in the waiting room of the emergency department with my foot elevated on the chair in front of me. This sprain is probably the worst yet. I was playing tennis with a friend and I didn't clear the loose tennis balls on the court as we rallied. I jumped up to smash a ball and my left foot landed on top of another ball. My foot rolled hard off the top of the ball and I heard a pop. It's been three hours now waiting to be seen. I understand the wait but it's never easy. I have a bit of a routine when I wait. I look through my phone, read an old magazine that I could not care less about, and study the wall art. Most of it is terrible. Then I do a little bit of people-watching. I wonder about people's stories and I imagine I can figure out what kind of person they are. That heavy guy over there in the corner with the huge headphones? He's a bit of a loner and probably lives in mom's basement. Cliche, I know. But hey, I'd put some money on it. That mom and young adult daughter over there? They seem very close and like they've been through a lot together. Maybe the father isn't around or living anymore. Then, I make eye contact with the guy sitting under the small flat screen TV. We both look away after making eye contact. Then that familiar thought pops into my head: "Try and say something telepathically to him." It's something I've done since I was a kid and became inspired to do after I read books with mind readers in them. So, I start out with a softball: "Hey, you can hear me, can't you?" "I know you can..." "Don't even try to hide it, man." "Look back at me again if you can hear me." And of course, like always, the guy doesn't look at me. So, I go back to my usual routine of things I do while waiting. After a while of that, and just for fun, I decide to get this guy by "surprise" and shout at him in my mind: "LOOK AT ME, BOZO!" Just then the guy jumps in his chair with his eyes wide open and he looks me dead in the eye. It feels like time is slowing to a crawl as we stare at each other. All other noise begins to fade from my focus and then I "hear" it: "Who are you?" It is the weirdest sensation. It's not an audible voice but I "heard" it as clear as day. It's as though there's a little speaker embedded in my skull and I heard sound come from it. "Answer me. Are you one of them? How long have you been following me?" I feel my stomach start to turn and my breathing quicken. Then the man gets up and starts to walk toward me. (Part 2 on its way if there's any interest!) 