
The pills slid down his throat, stale and dry. He lay back, waiting. They'd take effect soon. The guy who'd sold them had been quite clear. He wouldn't die - but he might wish he had. Soon enough, the edges of his vision began to blur. He groaned, twisting his head to clear the fog, but it wouldn't recede. His skin prickled. It was the faintest breeze across his arms, the gentle fluttering of the tightly-drawn curtains in the still, dead air. It was the way his pulse quickened, fighting against the drugs entering his system. And it was the way his heart leapt, rejoicing at the realization that it had worked. A hand brushed across his forehead, cool and soft "Sarah," he whispered, the word tiny and inadequate past the lump in his throat. The sound of her sigh was enough to bring a smile to her face. And then he rolled to the edge of the bed, shuddering and heaving as his stomach purged iself of everything he'd taken. He'd known, after all. Even if the black-market dealer had done him wrong, even if the pills were actually dangerous to him, that was fine, wasn't it? That was *better.* It was the point. Sarah wouldn't let anything happen to him. The air whispered, the faintest brush of fabric against the tired wooden floor. He lifted his head, fighting desperately against the aching of his muscles. "W-Wait." "I'm not leaving." His blood chilled at the reply. She'd...His Sarah had never spoken before. Not since that day. Not since she- "That's enough," she said, a whisper-fine thread to spin through the darkened air of his room. "That's enough, don't you think?" His eyes widened. He could see her there, standing just a few paces away. He could see the gold of her hair, gleaming in the splinter of sunlight winding through the blinds. Her eyes, shining like chips of ice in her face. "Sarah," he whispered, raising a hand to wipe at his face. The taste of bile filled his mouth, sour and acrid, but he hardly noticed. "Sarah. It's you. I knew- I knew you wouldn't leave. I knew-" "It's time," Sarah said, taking a step towards him. He froze. There was something in the words, hiding behind the set of her lips and the grief burning in her eyes. "I didn't leave. I promised, didn't I?" Her voice broke on the last word - and her hand stretched out, sliding up along his cheek. The unshaven stubble of his chin prickled, scratching at her fingers. She didn't seem to notice. "I knew it was you," he said, a smile flashing back onto his face. "It had to be. At the cliff, when- when Jeff took me bungie jumping. I *knew.* A-And, that time I went swimming, when the warnings were out. And when-" "And when you decided to play chicken with a car," she whispered. He stopped. She waited a long, drawn-out moment, her thumb tracing circles across his skin. "I knew, then. I knew something was wrong. I said I'd stay. I said I'd never leave your side, my death be damned." Her words rang in his mind, slamming home like steel thundering down, like a coffin creaking shut. He remembered every one. She'd only said it once, that day in the hospital, and her words had been nearly too soft to hear, but he remembered. He'd never forget. "I trusted. I believed you," he said hoarsely. "I had to see you again. So I-" "I stayed to keep you safe." He stopped, his eyes widening. She was smiling, at last, but the happiness was different, somehow. It looked just like the ones he remembered seeing from her, but...different. Older. He shook his head slowly, his brow furrowing. "Sarah." "I wanted you to live on. More than anything, I wanted that." With every syllable, her voice dropped lower, until he had to lean in to hear it. And then she lifted her head, staring him straight in the face. Before he could say anything, she leaned in. Her lips pressed against his forehead, slipping between his eyebrows. He sat frozen, wide-eyed and unblinking. She broke the kiss after what felt like an eternity, leaning a fraction of an inch away. "And now, because of me, you're dancing with death." He could hear it in her words, recognize what was happening. And for the first time, he saw the truth hidden behind the tiny, sad smile she wore. "Sarah. No. Don't-" "This is the last time. The last gift I can give you." "Wait. Please. I just wanted to-" "Thank you for everything." His skin prickled, chilling to ice as the pressure against his face vanished. He lunged, throwing himself forward- Into empty air. He sat in a heap, half-collapsed on the ground, and stared. The smell of her perfume lingered, like lilacs on the spring breeze. For a long time, he sat, unable to so much as move. And then he cried. He cried like a dam had broken, like all of the feelings and hurt and loss he'd allowed to pile up over the last few years was coming free in a tidal wave of pain. He cried until his throat ached, until his eyes swelled and his nose dripped. And then he let sleep take him at last. The next morning, the sun rose again, just like it had every morning. It was difficult to see, through the curtains and blinds that blocked out the rest of the world, but it looked a little bit brighter. --- (/r/inorai for shorter stuff by me, /r/redditserials for longer stuff by me and others) 