
Doctor Larson set his refreshing Dr. Pepper down on his desk and smacked his lips, savoring all 23 flavors the fizzy drink had to offer. "I'm afraid I have bad news," he informed his patient. Lucy shifted uncomfortably in her seat and stretched out her legs, her brown Doc Marten boots sliding across the worn carpet of the office. "Well, what is it?" she asked, chewing the inside of her cheek. "You have stage four lymphoma," he stated, offering her the box of Kleenex tissue, infused with a soothing lotion. Lucy put her face into her hands and let the salty tears leave tracks down her face, smearing her brand new black Maybelline eyeliner. "But - I was going to travel Europe with Todd," she whispered. "I am sorry, Ms. Turner. But we have the best oncologists on staff and science truly has progressed," he tried in his best imitation of a soothing voice as he opened his Icebreaker cool mint package and popped one into his mouth. He had a date with the new nurse this evening, so he figured he may as well start freshening up. Lucy blew her nose and got to her feet. "I'm going to go call my mom," she sobbed, hurrying from the room. -------------------------------------------- Doctor Larson checked his Rolex for the time as he waited for Becky. Or was it Brittany? He stirred impatiently and glanced around the Red Lobster. He hated a tardy date. "Sorry I'm late," Becky - or Brittany - huffed as she swooped down into the chair across from him. "Damn patients are so needy," she laughed. "No matter," Larson waved his hand dismissively as he surveyed his gleaming teeth in his cutlery. The Crest White Strips were really working. His olive complexion was an added bonus for that lustrous white color, though. He forced his eyes back up to Brittany - or Becky. "Oh my, what sort of lotion do you use? You have lovely skin," he mused. "Just your basic Jergens. Really revitalizes the cells," she answered, batting her eyes. Good. He wanted her skin nice and pliant for when he cut it away from her bone and muscle. His lamp shade was nearly complete and her skin tone would match his Ikea sofa perfectly. -------------------------------------------- This super tragic story of a man who just wants to hone his lampshade making craft brought to you by the Home Depot. For more random stories feel free to visit r/PhantomFiction. Thanks for reading! 