
I was always a paranoid kid ... I wondered for innumerable hours on the existence of mind readers at home and was determined to catch one of them in the act ... I could rule out any chances of catching one near home as they would be on high alert with all the thinking I was doing. So I resolved to do it at school ... Over the years I presented a facade of dullness which was helped naturally by my depression which gave rise to a general consensus was that I was a foolish dud. Today was the day I scoped for mind readers in my class ... I almost laughed out loud at how absurd my thinking was ! It was foolish to think that there were actual mind readers in existence ! As usual , I came super early to class and positioned myself perfectly ... You see there was a very cute girl in my class , she was smart , beautiful and was very kind and I fell heads over heels for her almost a month ago , I sat there thinking about nothing but her till she came in ... The first thing you noticed about Susan was her smell , I wouldn't know how to describe it but she smelled like a cross between hot water and a primal scent I couldn't identify. I was lost in thoughts of her till I felt a sharp rap on my head , the teacher Ms. Grundy had come and noticed me day dreaming ... I sheepishly looked down and opened a book ... Calculus ... Goddamn it , it was the most difficult thing I had ever seen. Halfway through the period , I began my probing ... It was going to be intense and very transient as I had determined and calculus was the perfect backdrop as even the most alert mind was occupied while doing advanced integration problems. The clock stuck 12 and i switched my mind from dull Jack and his calculus to a ridiculously high tuning noise , accompanied by a varied sets of unrelated thought trains , this was sure to elicit a reaction as we are usually pretty continuous in our thinking patterns and such a change would shock anyone ... My eyes caught movement and to my horror ... Susan flinched ... Pretty hard and looked straight at me. Horror dominated both our faces as we came to a very uncomfortable conclusion. 