
The ice above rumbled like thunder. Mile-long cracks in the glacier caused by the turbulent waters below. "What's our status?" said Admiral Locast, gazing out into the dark depths. The submarine had massive searchlights attached to the hull, but they did little to scatter the blackness of the deep sea. "Approaching the assigned coordinates," said Captain Heady, gripping the wheel so hard that her knuckles were turning white. "Two more minutes..." Drilling through the ice crust had taken months, and the first vessel had reported unusual sightings. The relayed logs showed contact with an intelligent species. Several exchanges had been made before the signal suddenly cut off. Locast twirled his moustache and glanced at the screen again. They had asked why humanity didn't leave Earth when they had the chance. It was a question that the speaker of the first vessel hadn't been able to answer. "Anything on the sonar?" "Nothing, sir," mumbled Heady. Locast wasn't sure what he'd been expecting. The first vessel must've long since reached crush depth and then sunken into the impossible depths below. There was no proof of the exchange other than the first captain's testimony. Maybe the four-man crew had just gone insane. Extreme pressures could sometimes cause hallucinations. "Keep checking the sonar and tell me if..." The admiral fell silent as a wall shot up out of nowhere. Heady, veered sideways just to avoid crashing right into it. Strange blemishes and bulging vesicles coated the wall. Then it moved, and Locast could in the far reaches of the searchlights that the wall was just the side of a much larger snake-like... *creature*. The sheer size of it made it feel wrong to think of it as living. Nothing that massive should be able to live, right? How did it even get so big, what did it eat? How old must a creature be to grow this big? "What the hell is that thing?" Heady said, eyes wide. Then the radio crackled to life, and a hissing noise seeped into the submarine. It sounded like someone struggling to breathe, their air pipes blocked. The disturbing sound went on for several minutes as Heady followed along the side of the creature. "This... is... Captain Polack speaking..." a hoarse voice suddenly said over the radio. "Our... radio equipment... dysfunctioned... " "Are you all right, sir?" Heady said, opening the communication. "Never... been better..." "What is wrong with him?" Heady whispered, throwing a concerned glance at the admiral. The admiral just shook his head. "Turn around the vessel." "Sir?" "Just do as I say." "Admiral... Locast..." the strained voice of Captain Polack said. "Talk to me..." How the first captain knew that the admiral was on board the second vessel was a mystery. The realization made his skin crawl. He shook his head. That couldn't possibly be the first captain speaking. Even if the first vessel had somehow survived there wasn't enough provisions for them to survive this long without docking. "Close all communications," Locast said solemnly. "Full speed back toward the drill hole." "Roger," Heady said and pushed the engines. A loud thud came from the top of the submarine, which made the captain look up. "Ignore it," Locast said. "Take us back to the surface... now." 