
"How are these humans so good?" The team from Gelax Prime had been sitting at their terminals for hours, helplessly watching as the Earth team completely and utterly destroyed them. Their resource control was impeccable, their strategy flawless. And those humans weren't the crack team of specialists that they expected. They were....ordinary. People that almost looked like they came right off the street and into the battle sim with no briefing, no formalities, no final entreaty for peace. They just sat down, put their headsets on, and proceeded to mercilessly march to victory. Gelax Prime was one of many teams that had fallen to the prowess of the humans. They had foolishly given the humans the choice of simulation - and the human team, after consultation from those they called "Korean", ended up playing a human simulation called "Starcraft". "What is this 'Starcraft'?" one of the team asked nobody in particular, sipping nervously out of his cup of ercap juice. "I have never seen that sim in all my maturity cycle!" "None of us have," another team member sighed. "We made a gigantic mistake, allowing the humans to choose the sim. Curse our race's code of honor." "Relax, friends," the team captain soothed. "This is only the first round of five. We have a chance." "How are we to get the momentum back? You saw their tactics - they built up faster, and they had fast attack units right at our doorstep in a matter of seconds!" "We need to copy their tactics," the captain replied. "Build quick, attack quick." "But we don't have zergs!" "So?" the captain replied. "If that tactic works for the humans, it can work for us." ----------------------------------------------------------------- Round two of the battle sim began. The humans, almost working with the speed and efficiency of a hive mind, began to build their defenses. The Gelax Prime team was stunned. How did they know that their tactics were going to be used against them? Minute after minute, the human zergs rushed the Gelax Prime installations. They crippled the mineral production, destroyed the additional pylons that the sim had exhorted the Gelax Prime team to build over and over again. It all became a blur. And at the end, with the crowds roaring and chanting: "Hu-mans, hu-mans, hu-mans, hu-mans", the Gelax Prime team sat at their terminals, staring at the chat display. One of the human team members, presumably out of habit, sent the following message: "GG no re". 