
"What brings you here little one?" An old man wrapped in ratty clothes stared at the young girl who was teary eyed and clearly lost. She was about seven with big blue eyes and a mass of dark blonde hair. Her clothes were worn but clean and had been mended. The pink back pack and matching lunch box looked new. "My momma and I were walking to school when a big crowd separated us and now I can't find her. My name is Sylvia. Can you help me find my momma?" The man's heart nearly melted at her request. "How about I take you to the police station. They can find your mom." He replied. He grabbed her hand as his stomach growled loudly. Sylvia looked up at him and sniffled. "Are you hungry sir? I can share my lunch with you." "I couldn't take your food Sylvia. You need it for school." "Momma packed two sandwiches in case I have a classmate who doesn't have a lunch. You're not a classmate but you don't have a sandwich." She dug around her little lunchbox and pulled out a turkey sandwich with cheese and a juice box. Smiling, she handed it to the old man. He was touched. After spending weeks on the street waiting for someone to show him some kindness, a little girl put them to shame by offering a sandwich. He took the sandwich and juice with a word of thanks and bit into it. "Thank you my dear. You are very kind at such a young age." "Momma has always taught me to be kind to others. She always keeps snacks and stuff in her car or bag for people in need." "Wise words to live by." He finished the sandwich and juice and was about to start the walk to the police department when he heard tearful and frantic yelling. A young woman in neat but worn clothing came running down the street calling Sylvia's name. The man got her attention and the woman came to the duo. "Sylvia! My sweet baby. I was so scared that I lost you! Are you okay?" The emotions in her voice showed that she was truly worried about her child. "I'm fine momma. This nice man was going to help me find you. Momma please quit squishing me." The mother laughed and let the girl go. She then stood up and turned her attention to the old man that stood watching. "How can I ever repay you sir?" "You already have. Now it is my turn to repay you." 