
Well, this is sudden. Should I start at the start?... Probably, that's normally the start. My name is Jacques, I enjoy long walks in the park, I was married, I have two children, my dog Daniel is adorable, and I'm a part-time supervillain named Chronicle and on the brink of success. Should I have led with that last one? Yeah, I should've. Anyway, supervillain. It's out of necessity, to be fair. Think Robin Hood, but with my neck on the line. After my wife died in a car crash, I was left an only father. I couldn't provide for my daughter Alex or my son Chase -- twins, I might have a picture in my wall-oh, you don't need it? Okay then. Well, I needed to support them. So, I became a robber. It started small. Pickpocketing, sneaking clothing out, that sort of thing. All while holding down a video acting job for a nearby studio, I didn't want Alex and Chase to follow my footsteps, so I needed them to think I was legit. I could do any voice I wanted really, it's like a hundred little voice actors lived in me. I don't know, it just... came naturally. Over time, I don't know why, but I started to quote movies in my grand escapes -- in the character's voices, of course. It worked for comedy and to hide my identity. Well, turns out? I have superpowers. Only when I'm quoting, but it matches the character I quote. Only if I do the voice and all though. I need the Force? Quote Darth Vader. I need the power of the Infinity Stones? "Reality is often disappointing." I need to dodge bullets? All it took was a utterance of the word 'breathtaking'. With my newfound... skill? Wanna call it that? Skill? With my newfound skill, I started escalating my robberies, and I kept in line with my promotions at work. Alex and Chase? They don't suspect a thing. Banks? Fell victim. Vaults? Cracked down the middle. Teenager's hearts? I did a beautiful soap opera, I'm on tonight at 9 on CBC, check it out. I picked up the name Chronicle from the news. I liked it, so I didn't correct them. I hadn't bothered to name myself anyway. As all supervillains receive, that goody-two-shoes Elon Musk became my rival -- fucking Iron Man suit, too, like? Does he have a life? I don't think he does, who just builds an Iron Man suit for fun? Well, dealing with a genius billionaire programmer architect? Not easy. Which, of course, brings us to now. He's catching onto me. He knows not only how my powers work, but he already knows who I am. Lining everything up with my promotions and acclaimed fame -- not so smart in hindsight. Hmm... Ever seen Iron Man versus Iron Man? That's gonna be one-of-a -- Wait, hold it, yeah. Iron Man 2. Whiplash, and the whole... nevermind. "I'd give up, Elon. Contrary to popular belief, I know exactly what I'm doing." I could feel the energy surge through me already. I am Iron Man. And I've got a family to get back to. 