
'You're sure?' he asked. His voice seemed to echo off walls that weren't there; the two of us were alone on the beach, and the evening was silent save for the sound of waves lapping at the shore. 'I'm sure.' 'Most people in your situation would set their sights a little... higher, that's all.' I shrugged. 'Does that help them get what they want?' The genie paused, reflecting. 'No,' he said eventually. 'No, not often. But still... think of the possibilities, boy. You could be richer than all the merchants of history. You could have wealth beyond measure. You could be to the great Mansa Musa as the great Mansa Musa to the lowliest street urchin.' 'That wouldn't make me happy.' The genie scratched his head. 'That doesn't usually stop people,' he said. 'Forget money, then. What about power? Women *love* power.' I paused; perhaps he hadn't understood. 'I don't...' 'A President,' he interrupted. 'A *King*, even. You could have armies at your command with a click of my fingers. Just think of how readily this girl would fall at your feet then.' 'I don't think Sam's really going to be impressed by the whole men-in-uniform thing,' I said. *Although you never know...* 'Why falter, then?' he asked. 'I could conjure a love potion so powerful that one drop and your beloved Samantha would never look at another man. The merest whiff of its scent and she'd have eyes only for you, now and forever.' 'I don't want that.' He looked at me, confused. 'You said you loved this Samantha of yours, boy.' 'I do. It's... complicated.' 'But you do not wish for her to love you. It could be done in an instant.' 'I'm sure. But it wouldn't count. It wouldn't be real.' He grinned a sickly grin: powerful, sly. 'She would never know.' 'I would.' 'And what of it? These trifling things are forgotten in time, when the world comes to rest at your doorstep. Happiness makes a man lose sight of these minor quibbles.' 'I don't. Want. *That*,' I hissed through gritted teeth. 'I don't want any of that.' For a moment, the genie's eyes flashed red with the rage of centuries. 'You have courage, boy,' he said. 'More than you think. Perhaps you do not need this wish at all.' *Oh, I do*, I think. *Oh, I really do.* That was the thing about life with Sam: we'd known each other for years, and none of that made it any easier. We had a relationship without lies, without worries, without secrets -- except one. No matter what I did, no matter how I tried to broach the topic, the words always caught in my throat, treacle-sticky and coarse as beach sand. If I had courage, it wouldn't have taken me seventeen years to say what I'd been sure of ever since I was a kid. There was only one thing I needed in the world, and that was for Sam to *know*. To know every part of me. To have it all. I knew that we could never be anything more than friends, but that didn't change the facts. 'I just want the conversation to go well,' I said. 'Not even that. I just want to keep my nerve for long enough to tell Sam. That's all.' 'To tell her what.' 'Him,' I said, quietly. A long moment stretched, doubled, folded in on itself and repeated; it didn't surprise me. Who knew how long the genie had been there, trapped in brass? Who knew how much the world had changed? Did they even *have* people like me the last time he was out? 'I see,' said the genie eventually. His voice had lost its echo. It was warmer, now; strong and firm and without judgement. I had never heard anything quite like it. 'And you do not wish him to love you?' I shook my head. Sam *did* love me; I was sure of that. We were like brothers. There was no genie in the world that could undo that -- and no wish that would make me want it changed. I knew he couldn't love me the way I loved him -- not now, not ever -- but that was OK. I didn't want to change him. God, that was just about the *last* thing I wanted. 'No,' I said. 'Just to understand. You know... *what I am*. Does that make sense?' For the first time, an honest smile spread across his face. 'It has been known,' he said. 'The world is wider than you might understand, boy. There are stranger things on every corner.' 'So?' I asked, fumbling the coins in my pocket. 'How much?' *How much for a wish?* *How much for my happiness?* *How much for two little words?* And the genie laughed and laughed. _____ I'm back, baby! If you liked this story, you can find more over at /r/Portarossa. 