
My mouth felt dry. My hands shook nervously as I peeled through the manila folder sitting in my lap. I could hear my partners voice beside me but it sounded distant. Muffled. I scanned through my notes for the thousandth time. Years and years of work. Sleepless nights and coffee infused days. All of it, all the work and the dead ends. The promising leads that would vanish into the air like Tommy Patterson had all those years ago. All of it had led me right here. The outside of my childhood home. "Trevor," my partner spoke up louder this time. My eyes widened, startled by the sudden volume and hint of frustration in his voice. I looked over, buttoned shirt rattled and tie hanging loose around my tanned neck. "I'm good. I'm good," I assured him. His glare told me he was unconvinced. "I can go in and talk to her for you. I know this is going to be hard," my partner, Kent, said to me, elbow resting beside the Lincoln's window, his fingers twiddling the handle above the window back and forth. I glanced back at the papers in my lap. A set of finger prints found and identified on a thirty year old door knob from a bunker found by a local farmer. A bunker with signs of kidnap and torture. A bunker for missing children. Below was an address scribbled along the side of the paper. The location of the monsters I had been looking for for all these years. ___ "I'm going in alone." Trevor's voice was stern. Kent opened his mouth to protest but the stare Trevor gave him was menacing. A no non-sense look that made Kent almost choke on his own breath. He looked to his lap and nodded. "Call me if you need back up," Kent said quietly. Trevor took a deep breath as he stepped out of the car. The cold morning breeze stung against his cheeks as he stepped into the yard he'd played in so long ago. He knocked on the front door twice and took a step back as he awaited an answer. The door swung open slowly, a smile he'd seen so many times before greeting him from behind a screen. "Trevor?" his mother said with a mixture of surprise and cheer. "Is that really you? What're you doing here?" she said almost laughing as she swung the door open and embraced Trevor in a tight hug. "Hi, mom," Trevor said softly. She looked up from his chest. Her smile dropped. It was a motherly instinct to know when something was wrong with their child. Tears immediately swelled in her eyes. "Oh no," she gasped, hand covering her mouth. "What happened? Is Cassie all right? The kids?" she asked quickly. "Everyone at home is fine, mom. I'm fine. I'm working actually," he told her. Her look shifted from nervous to confused. "Can I come in?" he asked and stepped inside his old living room a moment later. His mom rushed to grab some coffee as he sat in his father's old recliner. Most of his things, even though it had been years since he'd passed, were still scattered around the house. Trevor pulled the folder from his coat and spread three photos evenly across the table glass table. "I have to say I wasn't expecting to see-" her voice faded as her eye caught the photos on the table. Trevor could hear the spoon suddenly begin to rattle against the sides of the coffee cup in her hand. "Do any of these kids look familiar?" Trevor asked. His heart was sinking by the minute as he watched his mom's face shift at the sight of the photos. She sat slowly in the chair across from him, placing the coffee cup at the edge of the table. "Trevor," she whispered but his glare was cold and unaltered. She could hardly look him in the eye. "Answer the question." "Trevor, your father-" "Do they. Look familiar." Trevor was quickly growing impatient. He already knew the answer. She was wearing her guilt boldly on her sleeves. His mom squeaked as she began to cry. Her wrinkled hand cupped her lips as she broke down. "Mom!" Trevor yelled out. "Yes!" she answered immediately. "Yes," she said again more quietly. "Trevor, please you have to believe that what your father did-" "What you did! Both of you!" Trevor screamed, holding back his own tears now. "These innocent kids. You kidnapped and killed them?" Trevor could barely utter the words as he shook his head in disbelief at his mother. He hardly even recognized the woman sitting across from him. He pointed at the third picture. A young boy smiling in a grey American flag shirt beside a small yellow slide. The picture was old and hazy. "What did you do to Tommy Patterson, mom? The other two were found but there's been no sign of him. No grave, no remains. What did you do to him?" he asked loudly. "Trevor, please," his mom begged, crying profusely now. "Mom! Where is Tommy Patterson?" Trevor was standing now. "Here!" she yelled back at him. The room fell silent. "He's right, here," she whispered as she looked up at Trevor. He glanced around the room and down at the floor boards. He looked to the walls and up to the ceiling. "You buried him? In our house?" he asked disgusted returning his gaze to his distraught mother. "The whole time I was here, you-" "We didn't bury him, Trevor," she said looking to the floor. Her eyes slowly shifted up to his own until they locked together. "We raised him." ___ Edit: Minor grammatical fixes and cleaned up some sentence structure. Also changed the last line since I feel u/Alwaysanyways suggestion is a more powerful delivery. 