
*Final Call. Session from 6:30pm to 11pm on the 12th. Next session 1pm to 5pm on the 24th. Any objections?* People usually laughed when they see me text, since it always sounds so formal. It makes me sound old, which isn't fair. I just turned 39 in June. And considering who I was texting, it makes sense to be like that. *Kashmud cannot wait to crush the skull of that dragon* The first comes from the Goliath Barbarian. I hadn't been too worried about him making it, he was usually free. He was mostly a figurehead now at Drivr, as they had secured the market after the Uber-Lyft war demolished both companies. *Can we make the 24th an hour hour later. I have lunch with VP Howard that day.* The druid spoke up, and that wasn't too big of a shock. Games that started close to lunch had a habit of being pushed back.Apparently the Senate Minority Whip takes alot of lunches. *I have no issues. You can just come in late.* The wizard smartly pointed out. That was a huge win, since she was also so fucking busy. I don't mean to sound rude, but the world has enough sickness in it already. Can the WHO let their regional director get a few hours for herself once in a while? *Should be able to* That was the paladin with their doublespeak. He could always talk himself out of a situation and give himself loopholes so often I had to ban the bard class from him because he broke it too easily. Considering the politicians involved, you'd be surprised it was the future HoF quarterback that was the best talker. *It depends. Weather needs to be favorable since I will need to copter.* The monk with her comments was understandable. If they could get her, good. If not, the state of Maryland better put their governor to good use. *Sounds like we can work it out! Glad to be in town for this!* The warlock sounds excited. It was in part his fault I had to tie everyone down so much like this. While we all stayed near DC, he went to Hollywood and became a leading man and public face of philanthropy. If he could give us more than 8 sessions in a year that would be nice. I sighed to myself and smiled. I never got to see them anymore, high up in their ivory tower and rarely coming down to visit my world of Drenami. I should think about canceling this game, focus my effort on a game with more regular enjoyment, but it seems like an atrocity. This game has generations. It would be a waste,. *Alright, for now we are locked in. The 24th session should be RP heavy so you won't miss much Scott. Remember, you leveled up to 9 last session. Do your work before you come to my table.* I sent out, hoping to make it clear that I didn't want to waste our time leveling people up for this. I looked at the clock and realized it was time to get ready for work. The Washington Natives football stadium wasn't going to secure itself. 