
Smoke and a raging fire swirled and filled the room like the most terrifying tornado the world had ever witnessed. Well, Daniel thought so anyway. He clutched the stack of papers he had been preparing for the past week, not wanting to lose a single page of the work in the swirls of smoke and wind. Even one missing document could mean the end of all he hoped for. The fire ceased and before him stood a nine foot tall demon. Its blackened skin looked as if it was melted on to its gaunt frame. Horns shot out of odd and illogical areas and its eyes glowed a bright orange. At the end of overlong fingers, sharp talons took the place of normal nails. Bizarrely, it seemed to be wearing a Members Only leather jacket. "You have summoned me, Daniel James Simms?" it roared. Daniel took a quick glance at his cheat sheet before responding robotically, "I have called you into my presence." The torn muscles above the demon's eyes scrunched. "Indeed," it finally responded. "What deeds do you wish of me?" "I have a request of you, Baazaal, Demon of the Ninth Quadrant of the Garden District, located within the First Netherworld," Daniel read from his first page. He looked up to see if the demon was following. Its head was tilted up toward the ceiling, as if it were calculating something. "Continue," it bellowed. Daniel nodded and looked down at his stack of papers. "So then you are agreeable to negotiations without an arbitrator present?" he read. He looked back up. Baazaal still looked confused. It nodded toward the stack of papers. "You wish to be a famous novelist?" Daniel flipped through until he found a heading that read *Demon Offers Suggestions* and read the advice. "I do not require assistance in the stating of my desires, Baazaal, Demon of the Ninth Quandrant of the Garden District, located within the First Netherworld." Baazaal looked annoyed. "Continue, then." "I, the Wisher, have prepared this contract detailing my wish. It lists the very specific aspects that I want as well as forbids several actions on the part of you, the Granter." "And what exactly is this wish?" Baazaal grumbled, eyeing Daniel's kitchen with mild interest. It put an oversized hand on a hip. "As per my right via subsection 865 of the Demonly Laws of Conduct, I wish to express my wish to you in a summary. Is it understood that what I will say *is not* my wish, but simply a summation of it for your understanding? Your lawyer, arbitrator, or Netherworld-appointed representative of your choosing can clarify the more specific details for you at a later date." Baazaal sighed, which sounded more like a growl. "Sure," it said, shrugging its huge shoulders. Daniel nodded and thought for a moment. "I wish for a convenience to be restored to me. Again, in the vaguest of terms," he added hurriedly. He handed over the contract, which Baazaal seized in immense agitation. "As per Article 4, section 10, subjection 82, clause 10, my verbal utterances cannot be confused for my wish once a written contract has been presented as my true intent and wish," Daniel said sternly. Baazaal reached the end of the contract, read the final line, and looked up in disbelief. "You did all of this so you wouldn't have to pump gas?" it roared. "I knew I should have never taken a call from Oregon!" ------- If you enjoyed this story about a horrendous demon, perhaps you would like a story about a corrupt politician running an election against an unearthed eldritch god. My satirical dystopian novella, *An Honest Policy*, is free from today through the 22nd on Amazon. Check out my subreddit if you're interested! 