
*"Can't you see?"* Of course I could see she was upset. Arms crossed and shoulders slightly elevated and asymmetric. Sulking? Nah, but close. Discontent over my absence, assuming I was *just* reading some stupid Reddit post. Maybe 2 minutes ago it would have mattered. Now? There were so many more pressing matters. The world, the future, morality, mortality, mankind... God help us - the hatred, poverty, destruction, misery, how many millennia had it dragged on while the answers were right there? But now I can tell them! I can explain everything to them and there will be an end to this pain! She should be happy. Why is she so upset about these trivial daily things? Nothing has changed in all these years, nothing important. 43 and I see her as the young beauty I married still. I see the cells she's made up off, pumping fluids, forming and disassembling thousands of proteins every second. I see the biochemical interactions, I see the atomic structure of her skin. I see the fermions, the waves, all the subatomic interactions. I see her mind, unfolded, her sentience and the greater things the consciousness of others and myself implies about this reality. All the philosophers... they were children. They're all children. I know what she's going to say, I know how she's going to react when I say what I say, I know what she'll think when I say it. But no matter the choice of words, there is no solution in normal time. No time to explain even the beginnings of it to her, not without wasting years, and she'd just be the first one. To convey even a fraction of these things to their heads full of fog - where would I start? *There is no time*. They won't understand. They won't understand the secondary meaning of my words, nor the third layer, or the fourth. They won't even perceive the gravitas of my words when I speak, let alone think of the small nuances that I'd take for granted, but result in sickness when ignored. There isn't *one* among them who would understand, who would be able to follow the patterns. I can't write it down; they'll twist my words into their own petty views filled with petty thoughts and petty points. I can't show them. I can't show them! I can't tell them what I know, no matter how much I wish I could! They won't understand. I am *alone.* But I must try. *"Can't you see?"* 