
With a final explosion, Righteous Man fell from the sky, plunging two stories into the cement sidewalk. Jack Ringall stared, panting for breath. He had finally done it. He had killed Elantra's guardian hero. Now, nobody would protect Elantra's goody two-shoes, with their permanent smiles, their unending charity and irreprehensible lifestyle choices. A city without crime? Without drugs? With only generosity and kindness? Jack gagged at the thought. A crowd already gathered around the superhero's corpse. While Righteous Man had been given powers at birth, Jack had only what he could create. Which ended up being a military exoskeleton propelled by rocket fuel and housing the latest in modern-day weaponry. Jack grinned. One point to man. Zero points to God. He stepped off the skyscraper, fell hundreds of feet, and slammed onto the ground by Righteous Man's dead body. "Your hero is dead!" he screamed at the startled pale faces around him. "Feast your eyes on your new God!" And they did. They stared with such intensity that it sent chills down Jack's spine. "Can we smoke cigarettes now?" a voice came from the crowd. Jack sifted through the men and women, looking for the voice, but he found none. "Uh... sure. I don't give a shit." The crowd erupted in cheer and applause. Jack's jaw fell open. He scanned every face he could find, but all were filled with jubilation, some even crying with happiness. "Hey!" he snapped, shutting them up. "You'll have to worship me! I demand money and precious stones... and women too!" "So you don't care about pre-marital intercourse?" another voice came. "What? Why would I care about--" Jack couldn't even finish his sentence. He was drowned by cheer. A couple in front of him immediately locked faces. He could see their tongues dancing in each other's mouths. He cringed and looked away. "Stop!" he fired his cannon into the air, its boom like the crack of a whip. The crowd silenced. The disgusting couple stopped sucking each other's faces. "You will serve my every will!" Jack roared. "You will be my slaves until you die. I will let crime rampage. The fire of my evil will spread to every home within the city." "But what are your thoughts on pornography?" Jack's breath caught. "What the hell is wrong with you people?" A stillness settled between them. Even the birds had the decency to shut up. Then, the same voice called out, "Guys, I think he's good with it." And once again, the crowd erupted in cheers. --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more! 