
"Okay, you're being a real dick right now," I said to my own extending middle digit. "Seriously, I need that hand if I'm going to find a solution to our problem." The middle finger slowly curled down and I regained control of my hand. "Thank yo-" The other one extended. I collapsed forward in frustration, my head falling into my hands. Hand. Why did I have to muck that spell up? I've done it a thousand times before, and reanimating a skeleton is one of the most basic necromantic arts. Yet somehow - **somehow** - I managed to reanimate my own skeleton. Inside of me. What's worse, this is apparently a unique occurrence. At least, none of my grimoires had any indication of it happening before. Needless to say, neither I nor my skeleton was happy about my lack of progress on the matter. Just as I was getting ready for a fresh round of bemoaning my fate, there was a flash of light behind me and a distinctly sulfur-ish smell. The light had barely died down before a voice purred in my ear, "Hello, Teddy bear." As I turned to face the speaker, I crossed my legs to cover a newly extended bone that had nothing to do with my skeleton problems. "Hello, Sasha. Come to poke fun at me?" I queried tiredly. I'd actually thought of contacting her for assistance, but I knew better than to play with fire. Her deep, rippling laughter filled the room. "No, silly. I've come to help you. News has already spread, as you no doubt guessed, and I just coudn't *bear* the thought of my little Teddy bear not having full control" -her eyes flashed- "over himself." "Right, yes, I'm sure." I said in an *absolutely* convincing tone of voice. "And all this will cost me...?" "Why, the usual dear." She purred, her steps clicking across the wooden floor as she paced towards me, sin red dress swishing. "Yeah, no," I said, turning back to my books. "I thought I made it perfectly clear last time that it *was* the last time." She spun me around in my chair -gods she's strong- and stuck face towards mine, our noses touching. "You *know* you want to, Teddy bear." I leaned back, barely shrugging off the suggestion she'd laced into her words. "Off course I *want* to," I said, uncrossing my legs, "but that doesn't mean I'm *stupid* enough to." By sheer force of will I spun myself back around. Petulantly, I said over my shoulder, "And it's Theodore." I heard a 'tsk' sound behind me followed by more clicking footsteps. Another burst of light, this one more angry than sultry, and the room was silent. I sighed, resting my head in my hands. Hand. "Maybe I made the wrong choice somewhere in my life." I thought aloud. Gazing at the still-extended middle finger I mused, "Well, it looks like we're stuck together for a little while longer." The offending digit resignedly curled up and my arm dropped. Maybe we'd reached an understanding. No. It was switching hands. 