
It was 2:32 in the afternoon, and Gauntlet was still in her quarters. Another report pinged into the command center. An Initiative destroyer and her escort had just warped by the joint moons of Tintagel, and an undercover agent was in place to blow her reactor cores and leave her dead in space if the rebel fleet could take it out before it was repaired. That was the third opportunity to deal a blow to the Initiative in as many days, but the fighters remained in their hangers. Finally, I had had enough. Rising from my chrome and wood command pod, I headed for the adjacent room, attracting more than a few raised eyebrows that I shrugged off, adjusting my uniform so that the Heart of Hope was prominently visible. I hesitated a half second outside the mini-blast door before striking it hard twice, a muffled knock. A few seconds passed. "Go away!" Came the petulant whine. I knocked again. And again. And - The door flew open, a slender brown arm studded with gemstones flashing out to grab my collar and drag me into the room. It took my eyes a moment to adjust to the barely-lit room, faint red lights pulsing softly in the walls, a FTL communicator glowing amidst the tangled pillows and blankets on the large bed. Candy wrappers littered the floor. "Gauntlet, we need to talk," I said, the girl's face already in the FastCom. "Why won't Sera answer me?!" came the wailed response. "She doesn't understand what it's like!" "Commander! We need you on the bridge! Morale is dangerously low, no one wants to fly a dangerous mission, and you're the only one with the analytical skills to plan these raids!" "I don't know why she's making such a big deal over Gale! Can't she see that that's different? It's not like I'm saying she can't have friends!" "Didn't Gale uncloak and fly his ship straight at the enemy flagship to draw fire away from you like last week?" "Exactly, he's a good teammate! There's no reason for Sera to act like this! Gale agrees with me that she's being a psycho!" It took a lot of effort, but I managed to restrain myself from burying my head in my hands. "Listen, commander, this is all very -" "My life is over!" Gauntlet declared, diving face first into a pillow. "Commander, you -" This time, I interrupted myself. An idea formed, or at least the start of one. "Listen, Laura," I said gently, sitting down on the edge of her bed. "You know what would make Sera crazy jealous? What if you and Gale captured an Initiative destroyer, and then..." 