
######[](#dropcap) The Gorgon sniffed in disdain, watching as the five humans walked into the arena in their uniforms. "They don't even have the right number of appendages," he said to his partner. The other Gorgon laughed, a loud screeching sound that resembled nails on a chalkboard. He unsheathed his claws, scratching at an itch on his scaly belly. "This will be exceedingly easy." A good number of members of the federation had arrived already, each set up in their own little pod hanging above the arena, where multiple games were about to take place. The Dithunes had called one of the center pods, and they were now taking the time to flit around to the other pods to try and barter away some of their goods. A wily bunch, they were, always looking for the best bargain. It wasn't for nothing that they managed to pay the ten trillion goomlas needed to secure one of the pods with the best view. When their warriors, small dragonfly-looking creatures with large, bulbous heads and wings, flew in and settled in at the monitors, they cheered at the top of their lungs, making a chattering sound that made some of the other species wince. This competition was a friendly one, and it was the first time that Earth had been invited to such a convention, in the year 4027. As such, they were the black horses, with a mere a million goomlas bet in their favor, versus their first opponents, the Dithunes, who had almost a billion. The odds were a thousand to one. The Vloins laughed in their usual manner, loud trumpeting guffaws that echoed one from side of the stadium to the next. "Are you ready?" Sang-hyuk patted his team members on the back, and took a deep breath. They would be representing all of humanity this time, and they couldn't lose. And, he noted as his gaze involuntarily was drawn toward the pod hanging above them with the rattlesnake-looking creatures, they might disappear entirely if they lost. It was not without struggle that Earth had been let into the Intergalactic Federation. They had been prey to Viperians for over a hundred years now, and the other species had vehemently objected to their joining, claiming they were losing a valuable food resource. So now, as he gazed at the drop of saliva dripping from the Viperian's fang to sizzle on the floor of the transparent pod above them, his fist clenched. If humanity did well in this tournament, they would secure their position as a valuable asset to the Federation in the form of strategists. It all came down to this. The team sat down in front of the monitors, murmuring possible strategies they might use into the comms in their ears. On the opposing side, the Dithunes chittered to themselves, even as some of them preened and plucked at their feathers, others waving toward the crowds floating above the stage. They would win this one easily; there was no need to worry. Except, they realized, when faced with the large DEFEAT banner hanging above their heads, they didn't. In fact, in the best of three match, they had been demolished 2-0. The outcome sent a small ripple of shock through the crowd. How was it possible? Earth was merely a fledgling planet, with barely enough resources to sustain a population of seven billion. It must've been bad luck and arrogance. But then it happened again. Over and over, until the puny humans that no one thought would win even one battle made it to the finals. The underdogs, making a miracle happen. It was not without fear that the team made it to this point. Large carnivorous Seorxes came out from their pods, baring their fangs and threatening to eat them alive. Shouts and jeers threatened to overwhelm them, but they stood strong. Earth would make its mark tonight as the champions. As the team left the stadium, their shoulders light, a Gorgon pressed its body up against the metal fence that separated its claws from the players within. "Impossible!" he spat. Eon-yeong smiled for the first time, turning toward the creature whose eyes were now a deep, glowing red. He walked up just a bit closer, so the Gorgon could hear his words clearly. "It's actually not," he said. "Earth has been playing a game just like this for years." The Gorgon narrowed his eyes. Eon-yeong laughed. "Let me help you out. We call it League of Legends." Then he pointed at the player up front who had stopped and turned around to tell him to hurry up. "And you know who that is?" He gazed up at the large banner that was now hanging from the ceiling, a picture of the five of them smiling. It was a familiar sight. He turned back to the Gorgon. "That's Faker. He's been playing this game since 2013." ***** r/AlannaWu 