
It's easy to lose track of time out here. I count the days by carving scratches on my doorframe. Every 10 scratches I go into town to buy things to take care of the human needs that, unfortunately, still require my attention. That may change soon, but for now, I regularly replenish my stock of eggs, butter, and coffee. I walk the 5 miles along twisting mountain roads, up hills and down. As I approach the town, I can sense people are stirred by my presence. "It's him!" "He's back!" I keep my eyes forward. Retreating from society has become such a rarity that I'm something of a novelty here. There is only one store I need to visit. It's something like a general store of the older days, but now they sell doodads for phones and music players and I don't even know what. It's all so crass, these things made of twisted wires and rare metals that pulse with small electricity. Give me magic any day - the true life of the world. The clerk has my order waiting for me. He's thoughtful, I'll give him that. As I pull my cash from a pocket deep inside my robes, I can see him plucking up to ask something. "Well, come on son, what is it." "I'm just so curious, sir. You come here every 10 years, you buy 30 eggs, a half pound of butter, and two tins of coffee. And yet you look the same every time you come in here. Where are you in between, and what are you doing?" "Well it's really none of your business what I do with my life, and- I'm sorry. Did you say ten *years?*" "Ten years, on the dot! Last time you were here I was 12 years old. I stood in the corner right over there while my dad rang you up, and I tried to remember so hard what you looked like so I could see if it was true. And by god it is." I pay for my things and leave without another word. This can't be. I know I tend to get lost in my work...but this is something else. The long hike back is agonizing now. Despite my training to dispel the myths of time and urgency, I find I must be back with my books and notes to figure this out. I spend days poring over the dusty tomes I brought here in a rented pickup. I re-read every word. Sometimes I forget to eat until my stomach stops growling and resorts to pain to get me to attend to it. Yes, yes, it's all here. *'As the spirit is refined and moves upward through levels of understanding, so too does the body lose its need for the habitual care and maintenance...',* yes yes, *'...magic has the remarkable ability to diminish biological needs, and even absolve one's sense of time passing...',* right, of course, *'...doesn't originate in any predetermined course of care, but is dominated by the prevailing norms of...'* And it goes on. I don't know how I missed it all before. When one studies magic, there is a lot of metaphorical language, a lot of allegories and stories that help describe the indescribable. It is easy to stop paying attention to particulars and just try to get the sense of something. I should have paid more close attention. Contrary to what you may think, the study of magic is not entirely based on spells and incantations. It also requires a shift of the mind, a maturing of the spirit, and a silence to hear what the universe is telling you. I've been listening, but all this time, I missed one of the most important things I was supposed to hear. I realize I've been forgetting to mark the days, but I've run out of eggs and so it must be time for a sojourn in to town. No one greets me as I walk down Main Street. In fact, I don't see a soul. The buildings look particularly worn and unmaintained. That's odd. The door to the general store is locked. Did they go out of business? Through the dusty window I can see that the shelves are bare. I wander around, looking for someone, anyone. The town is empty. I can't find a soul. I sit on the bottom step of the general store and listen to the birds and the wind in the trees. It's all there is. I guess I was gone for longer than I thought. &nbsp; --- &nbsp; /r/xilead 