
"You are not meant to be smoking on guard duty." A familiar, vacant expression loomed in front of me again. Why me, I'm already up at three in the morning for the worst shift possible. This job is wank, the hours are wank, and this guy here is the king of wankers. "I know; fuck off." He's not going to listen, he hasn't yet. Bradley got chewed out for shooting this unnamed 'specimen' with a marksman's long rifle, but still the little twerp wouldn't piss off and just leave the base. What's making it all so much worse is the fact that there is literally nothing here. There is no reason to be here, no secret plot or incredible happenings occurring. He's just a dick. A hairless, squat faced dick in Reebok joggers. I serve in a podunk military base located slap bang in the middle of fucking nowhere. The base's sole purpose is for the logistics brass to stash the rank and file as they ship them to bases that actually do, or have something of importance. The most exciting thing that ever happens here is that someone gets caught beating their meat, when they should be guarding something. I mean for god's sake my CO sneaks weed onto the base to smoke on Sundays. "Are you sure you understand? You are currently posted as a sentry, a role which requires undivided attention. This in order to ensure the complete security of your assigned charge." His grating, monotone voice snaps me back to reality, and away from the daydreaming that is just part of getting through the long periods of standing doing nothing. "I know. Fuck off." I stll don't expect it to work, but its more for my own emotional support at this point. "Perhaps you do not understand why. Smoking causes the user to imbibe an alkaloid named nicotine, which affects the body as it has both the effects of a stimulant and a relaxant depending upon dosage. A simple cigarrete-" "I know. Fuck. Off." Sweet low road. You might guide me wrong but goddamn, you're the most fun. "-has an effect of euphoria comparable to the nitrogen narcosis reported in scuba divers, which leads to suboptimal-" "I. Know. Christ above you can lift a fucking tank with one finger, why the shit are you bothering me?" He paused until I finished shouting, before resuming his warbling. I took another drag, deeper than usual; Sweet chemical Nirvana. I tried to ignore the fact that he was now standing firmly in front of me. I almost succeeded, until he shoved something fist sized in front of my nose, knocking my smoke to the floor. My stomach tightened as I recognized what he had. "Why do you have a grenade?" "This is part of the stock contained in the store you were assigned to guard. During your lapse in attention I retrieved it from the munitions store." "Put it back." He held it up in front of us both for half a second, utterly silent. He started to remove the pin slowly, making me watch. I could practically see the glee in his rheumy little eyes. "What the shit are you doing? Put it back!" A click and the pin was nowhere to be seen, and the grenade landed heavily on my foot. They are much heavier than they look. I'm just a posted reserve, haven't seen combat yet and I don't want to. I've done plenty of drills though. I hit the concrete floor hard. In the process I managed to bite off a small chunk of my tongue and shatter two teeth. I don't think I've felt pain like that in years. The explosion shook my world, taking my breath and my hearing as it thundered over me. A whining ring replaced all audible sound, but I didn't feel any shrapnel biting into my flesh. Neither did I feel a wave of force tearing my innards to shreds. Instead I saw his dour, blank face, looming over me again, slightly obscured by the dust the grenade had kicked up. He was holding the unused grenade in his hands. "Cunt!" I tried to scream through my bloodied mouth, I couldn't tell how loudly anymore. He waved a hand over me, and instantly the pain was gone, my teeth mended, my tongue restored, and my hearing returned. "As you can see, A sentry posting even in somewhere as peaceful as here is a matter to be taken seriously and-" My service weapon leaned on the wall, and it was looking way friendlier than I remembered. *Critique is very welcome!* 