
"So quiet tonight. No alerts and it's almost one a.m.," she said out loud to herself as she looked at the large screen of her alert system. For Sierra Pierce, Los Angeles' hero who everyone named Silver after her eye color, it was strange to see a lack of crime on any given night. She was fast, agile and skilled in various martial arts. The citizens compared her moves to that of a cat. She switched off the screen and walked to her kitchen and pulled out a bottle of wine from the refrigerator. "Might as well enjoy the night." She poured herself a glass and slumped on a couch with music playing in the background and a book in her hand. Not a minute had passed since she began reading the book when her doorbell rang. She placed the glass and the book down on the table and walked to the door. She got into a defensive stance when she saw Sparks, the city's most well-known villain. He was called so because he always created new electronic devices to disrupt the peace in the city. She turned angry as she saw the unconscious woman in his hands. "What did you do to her, Sparks?" "I saved her from a party..." He stepped back. "I know this is weird but I didn't know who else to go to." "Maybe a hospital, Sparks." She helped him take the woman inside and lay her down on her couch. "What were you thinking when you brought her here? We should get her to a doctor." "No. See, she was at a party involving a lot of illegal drugs. She would get sent to prison if the hospital finds out she had been consuming them." He looked at her helplessly. "Which one?" She checked her pulse and temperature. "Buzz 2.0. The new one on the market." "Her pulse and temperature seems normal. What about the others?" She sat down on a couch. "They seemed alright. As a villain, I cannot call the cops on them. You know that." "Why come to me?" "Because I know you are a chemist." He rubbed his neck nervously. "How do you know that? An assumption?" Her tone was almost mocking. "I followed you yesterday. From early morning four when you were battling Hammer up till an hour ago. I noticed her collapse in the backyard of the house where the party was going on as I was having dinner on top of the building opposite yours." He took a few steps back as she got up abruptly. "How dare you!" "I'm so sorry, Silver. Please see if you can help her." The woman groaning as she gained consciousness made them stop arguing. They turned around to see her sit up and stretch as if she had been sleeping. She stood up slowly. She froze when she turned around and saw Sparks with a woman she could not recognize. "Where am I?" "You're alright?" Sparks took a step towards her. She stepped back in fear. "Y...Yes." She tripped and fell back on a couch. Her eyes widened when she spotted Silver's mask on the coffee table. "What did you do with Silver?" "Nothing. I am alright." Sierra approached her and extended a hand towards her. "I am Silver." The woman went quiet as she observed Sierra's silvery eyes. "You two are friends?" "No. He brought you here when you got knocked out at the party. This is my apartment." "But isn't he the bad guy?" She looked quizzically at Sparks who sat on a couch beside the one she sat on. "Uh... I did save you. I only like to have fun with my devices on the streets of LA. I don't mean to harm anyone." Silver placed a hand on his shoulder. "He might even be a hero for all I know. He is harmless despite the random acts of vandalism every night." His phone rang. He picked it up and walked to a corner of the room. When he finished the call, he walked up to Silver. "Can you drop her at her home? I have a job to do." "I was hoping you wouldn't go off to vandalize something so soon." Silver sounded disappointed. "Who said I was going for a job as Sparks? I am on-call and there is a patient, a child, who was brought in unconscious after tripping down a staircase." He pocketed his phone. "You are a doctor?" The woman was surprised. "A paediatrician. Electronics is a hobby." He walked to the door and turned around and smiled at the two women. "Duty calls, ladies. See you around, Silver." A hero by day. A villain by night. 