
Teeth have power. Everyone knows it. Descend into the depths of the ocean, gaze into the maw of an oncoming shark and just *try* and think of those triangular pearly whites as being beneath your notice. The news broadcasts a story about a man shooting someone to death, and that man is publicly condemned as a criminal. But if the story changes, if new details come to life and its understood that actually, they *bit* their victim to death, well, now--they're a monster. The difference, of course, being teeth. For a hundred years, those mortal fools had been selling Tittles their children's loose chompers for loose change in an arrangement that was less a bargain, and more a swindle. And finally, after so long, so many years, after reaching under so many sweaty pillows, she had enough. Tittles stood, wings softly twitching as she smiled and turned the five-spoke handle of her vault. With the silence of a well-oiled hinge, the steel door swung open to reveal the treasure hoard within. Piles upon piles of teeth. Mountains of clampers, valleys of canines, forests of molars. Rivers of ivory, bridges of fangs, towers of gnashers. The glistening white terrain extended outwards in an endless rolling field of white, and the sight of it all, the knowledge of what was to come well... Tittles couldn't help but let loose a tinkle of laughter. Mad, manic, frenzied tinkling that curdled butter and blood alike. It was the sort of sound that pushed and fiddled with the mind, unmaking the sane, and making the insane *more* than they should have been. Tittles reached down, slender fingers prying a solitary tooth from the ground with practised ease. She examined it with an expert's eye, taking in every fault, every miracle that made the thing what it was, that made it special. She touched it, feeling the enamel coating, admiring the effort its progenitor Lilly had gone to, to keep it so smooth, to keep it so shiny. She smelled it, delicate nostrils flaring as she took in the scent, the faint metallic aroma of blood that still clung. She licked it, and shivered at the taste. So familiar... so... *good*. Tittles the tooth fairy placed it against her gum, and felt the red flesh open to welcome it. With the satisfying sense of a need being met, of a void being filled, the tooth settled in, and was Hers. She reached for the next tooth, placing it adjacent to the prior. It too became one with Tittles. So did the one after that. And the next. Another. Again. And again. And again. Before long, her mouth wasn't large enough to hold the ever-expanding arsenal. This was fine, she now had the Power to grow, to accommodate. And so she did. And so she reached for yet another tooth. # Michael heard screams, and so he looked up from his laptop to see what was happening. Nothing, as far as he could immediately tell. Past the window of the coffee shop, people seemed fine, though even as he watched more and more of them seemed to be looking up. The screams were louder, more widespread now, like a disease infecting the city as more and more citizens grew 'sick' and added their cries to the whole. He stood up, and walked to the store's entrance, pushing open the door with a soft *jingle* as its bell rung to herald his passing. He looked up, and couldn't see anything out of the ordinary. It was strange, sure, that in the space of a few minutes the sky had gone from summer blue to overcast but... *Those aren't clouds,* he realised with dawning horror, and the feeling was not the sort you get from watching a scary movie, or playing an atmospheric videogame. It was a true existential dread, the kind only felt in the face of something so horrible, so certain, that death wasn't something to avoid, but something to pray for. The sky above was full of teeth. And they grew closer with every passing moment. 