
//This seems like a great way to waste math class Ever since I was 5, I've had a backpack. It's an average backpack, storage for a few things, you know. One day I forgot my lunch. I opened my bag and saw a Tupperware container with 3 slices of combo pizza. The lunch I would have taken was a PB&J. After a few weeks I realized the bag carried everything I'd need for the day. Some days the bag carried normal things, like notebooks. Others it had money, plants, hell even a Carolina Reaper and a fifth of Jack. This was when I was 16, by the way. So, I was a little weirded out when I opened my bag and saw a quart sized Ziploc full of glitter, the herpes of theatre, and a yarn ball. I dug deeper. I pulled out a black and white picture of Danny DeVito, of all people. There was a permanent marker, and a trebuchet? It looked like one but it had a motor and spings. Then there was a moldy block of tofu, double bagged. I replaced everything and left for school. As I was rolling down the freeway, I was jamming out to Zeppelin. As Misty Mountain Hop started playing, I see some flashing lights. 3 State Troopers pull out, and surround this guy. Traffic was already stopped, because morning commute. This blue 90's era Accord stops. I stop on the shoulder in my 1968 Camaro, and wait. I see Danny motherfucking DeVito. I get out, run, sharpie and picture in hand, and the window rolls down. 2 Troopers aim their pistols and I run up. The Troopers yell at me to stop but then he gets out. I hand him my pen and picture and he signs it. HE FUCKING SIGNED IT!!!. I run to my car as the Troopers chase. I quickly plop the tofu in glitter and use the trebuchet to huck it. It splatters and the Troopers drop because of the stench. I tie the yarn to the bag of glitter and swing it wildly. The glitter provides a distraction and I drive off, flying on the offramp. Suddenly, a cassette appears in the bag. I pop it in. Metallica starts blaring. **END** Edit: People asked, the tofu was approximately 90kg, and the distance was 300m Edit 2: This of all things is my top comment? Wow. 