
"Here's your tea, here's mine," Abe says. He pushes an empty teacup towards me, takes one for himself. Bernie the Bear gets a teacup, too. Actually, never mind. "Where's Bernie?" Abe asks. "With your other toys, Abe," his mom says from the living room couch. She's uptight, snappy as a snob's fingers. Abe will grow to resent her, but it won't be for a while. For now, he thinks this is normal. "He's not," I tell Abe. "He's pooping." Only he can hear me, at least when I say these things. There's some sort of loudspeaker-- "Did you just fart, Abe?" his mom asks from the next room. "It wasn't me!" he says. "It was Gary." "Right. Gary." Poor kid. Nobody believes him. Hell, I wouldn't either. But it really was me who farted, not him. "If you have to poop, go poop," his mom yells. Yeah, no shit. That's what you're supposed to do. Good parenting, mom. "I can't," Abe says. "Gary said that Bernie's pooping right now." "Bernie isn't pooping, Abe," she snaps. She lights another cigarette. Wait, no. She doesn't smoke in the house, I just decided that. Power of being the narrator *and* the author. Sometimes she'll smoke one or two with her girl friends on a Friday night when she leaves Abe with a babysitter who goes along with the supposed make-believe and entertains the idea that there's somebody named Gary sitting across from him at the coffee table. But not today. She stomps into the room. "If you have to poop, poop!" she yells at Abe. Poor kid. I'll make things better for him some day. This is just character-building for now. It'll make him more well-rounded, give him some inner conflict, all that jazz. "I can't," he screams back. "Bernie is pooping, mom!" "Bernie isn't pooping, you little shit! I'll show you!" The bathroom door is closed. She doesn't even bother knocking as she drags Abe in by the ear. Poor Bernie. Just trying to take a teddy-bear dump and he gets interrupted by this lovely piece of work. "See, mom?" Abe says. Wrong thing to say, kid. I guess I made him say it, but still--wrong thing to say. Bernie is sitting on the toilet, right where I decided he'd be. The toilet is closed, but that's never kept a teddy-bear from pooping. Abe's mom doesn't care. She grabs Bernie and throws him in the empty bathtub. Opens the toilet. Points at it. "Poop, Abe! You're staying here until you poop!" Then she slams the door and leaves him in there. "Gary, why didn't you tell her I didn't have to poop? Now I'm in trouble," he says to me. Outside the bathroom, mom sighs. A long, mournful sigh. She thinks she has a troubled kid, talking to some imaginary friend so damn often. I can't blame her. He is a bit troubled. Doesn't listen. "I told you, Abe," I say. "I prefer coffee, not tea. Remember that and these things wouldn't happen." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 