
I think I started this hobby... maybe a couple millions of years ago? I don't really remember, I thought it was just a nice little side project. For 50 stars a pop, the galactic federation would bestow upon you your very own planet. You can morph the sky, terraform its land and even create some life. I was quite good at it. In fact, my very first planet had these massive creatures on it. Hunting each other, learning to use their unforgiving land for survival, and just being awesome toothy creatures for my amusement. But alas, the galactic federation has a "no fun allowed" policy. I got a note saying that they were becoming too advance and were exceeding the "class three maximum" restraint. With a heavy heart, I flicked a small asteroid their way and watched my beautiful creation become covered with smoke. I was almost sad to see them go, especially that voracious t-rex I liked to call Gary. I eventually grew bored with seeing such a dim world and abandoned it for others. The years went by, and its memory faded from my conscious. That is, until the federation's manager gave me a call. "Hello, Is this Larry The Spatrnum?" "The one and only." I said, "What's up? Oh! Are you guys calling me for that competition? Because I have a great world that's nothing but pink dolphins and-" "What the fuck did you do to Earth?" "E-Earth? "You know what I'm talking, that planet we gave who knows how long ago. We're having some "problems" with it, to say the least." "Like what?" "We'll for one, there's life in it. Class 10. Their sentient, they've already terraformed their world and expanding. Did you just turn your back and shove Cheetos in your maw while this was happening?!" "But... I sent the asteroid." "Well apparently you didn't Larry! Other people's worlds are getting taken over! They have bloody photon blasters! That's not exactly good business!" "I mean I did see something moving in the wasteland. But how could I kill it? It was so small it looked just like Gary!" Was he screaming? "Well, what do you want me to about it?" The manager took a long sigh before speaking. "Well, all life made on planets is the owner's property. We can't touch them, only you can. We need you to soothe their temper. Make it seem like conquering the galaxy is a bad idea." "And if I don't?" "I'll make sure the corpse they discover will never be identified as a corpse." I gulped. "Okay, fine. I'll be there ASAP." "Very good, I'll send you details." I hung up the phone, jumped off the couch, and pushed the Cheetos of my chest. I looked through the message. Damn, he wasn't joking. These creatures have killed countless other species that evolved with them, found so many solution's for their problems, and can comprehend almost up to our level. They called themselves "humans". How terrifying. */r/StoryStar* 