
"Mannaseraie... Mannaseraie..., MANNASERAIE!" The words jolt me from my third-state reverie and I am shamed. To delve so deeply into a memory is a failure of one kind, but this! This cannot stand! How can I hope to return to first-state lucidity and my work if my mind traps me within waking dreams? The quisitor is attractive, with a velvet thorax that gleams scarlet under the fluorescent lights, just like that of my mate, Xerian. But no... I cannot have that thought. Xerian is gone, and so are Havlor and Parssasian, and that is a third-state reverie I cannot bear. I will not lose whatever dignity I have left to me in this room. "Mannaseraie Belshia," the quisitor says to me, and I lift my mottle to stop its speech. "As it pleases me, I am not a Mannaseraie in this room," I say. "You will call me Belshia." The quisitor acquiesces. This is the only time I have claimed my rank with it; I am content to let it drive the remainder of our time together. "Belshia, my query is this--when you found the probe of the First Ones, and it led you to their home planet, what did you see there that unsettled you? What did you see that has caused you to have problems with maintaining first-state lucidity?" I pause to answer, and this time the quisitor lifts its mottle to interrupt me. Within, I am happy for this, for I am able to quell another surge from within. The grief, the sorrow, the wisdom... the resonance. "Belshia--I know about the loss of Xerian and your progeny. It is clear that loss is integrated with what you found on," and here it pauses to check its screen, "Earth? Such a weird name--do you agree? You would think there would be thousands of different names for their home world based on all the cultures we know about, but it's always 'Earth', or 'Terra'." The quisitor runs its mottle down its thorax as an indication of second-state abstract thinking, and I hope it doesn't notice my spirules expand just a little. It has been a long time since I have last known intimacy. "But I digress--it is clear that the loss is integrated from an incident in your expedition team," the quisitor continues, "when you went to the smallest continent. Can you please explain it to me? It is my hope that we can apply second-state logic to begin identifying the triggers that slip you into third-state." I feel the reverie begin to swell, my mind slipping at its edges into the immediacy of the hallucination. So I begin talking, because that will forestall my eventual loss of lucidity. "We were navigating a series of ravines around one of the few intact bunkers on the smallest continent," I said. "The solar radiation and engulfment by Earth's star in its red giant phase burned away everything else. But somehow that bunker was still there. Billions of cycles old--I have no explanation for why it still existed, but that doesn't matter. It was the greatest historical find in all our history--in all that is perhaps of the universal continuum." I swallow, air pushing down my spiculae and removing the globs of spittle that surge up when I'm stressed. "I had put the loss of my family away into second-state reverie because there was nothing I could do. What can you do when there is a dimensional discontinuity that obliterates the ship your mate and spawn are traveling in, to come to you? When you are thousands of light years away? I thought I was keeping myself in prime working form, until I saw the child." "It was a... the term is 'human', child, in a spacesuit outside the bunker. Billions of years old, yet the suit was intact thanks to the vacuum. The ridge that housed the bunker managed to protect the suit from severe radiation. I came round a large boulder and saw it, sitting there, its helmet staring out at the stars." The memories come, and through sheer will I hold them back, describing them while refusing to let them carry me away into a deep dream. I will keep my dignity, by all that I have left and by the memory of my family! "I could not see within the glass, and perhaps I did not need to. But in that moment I knew that this human child had died while looking at the stars. That its atmosphere was gone and there was no hope left within its species. But it went outside into the void to stare up at us, hoping we would come save it." I cough up the spittle now, freely, and the quisitor pretends that I am still in control of my presence. I haven't coughed this hard since the Forever Rite for Xerian and my spawn. "The thing is, quisitor, we did. I did. I have my memory of it. We recorded it. We saved the data and the information in that bunker, we found the other bunkers. We know now what the humans did, what their wars and their hopes and dreams were. But we were billions of cycles too late. Just like I was too late." "All I can do is move forward, quisitor." I say. "Because to do anything else means that the child died for nothing. That my mate and my spawn died for nothing. I am doing the best I can." The quisitor flushes, and it is the deepest blue of empathy I have ever seen. "I understand, Belshia. Thank you for telling me. This, is where we can begin." 