
This idea had been utterly stupid. I had to wait an hour in a Pax closet in the bedroom section until the hall of the feet shuffling along the floors subsided. Then I had to hide quickly, when the cleaning troops came. Luckily for me, I had already worked my way into the bathroom section, and I knew for a fact, that they would not come to clean in there. I had to wait for a long time. And then: silence. I waited a minute. Still silence. Another minute of continuous silence passed, while I listened intently for the footsteps of a patrolling security guard, or any other noise for that matter. Nothing. I was alone. And thirsty. I hadn't planned my lock in thoroughly enough and had forgotten to bring enough water. I was about to leave my hideout, when I heard a suspicious noise. Water. Sprinkling and splattering water. Real close to me. The thirst made my legs move on their own and before I realized it, I stood in another bathroom mock up. Imagine my surprise, when I spotted a figure behind the plastic shower curtain taking a steamy shower to the hum of a badly tuned song. My attempt at exiting the bathroom ended in me stumbling. I stopped my fall by holding onto a godmorgon bath shelf, but the decor clattered and clirred. "Celine? Can you hand me a towel, dear?", a man's voice asked. I tried to sneak away gracefully. Then the shower curtain opened. A pot bellied man appeared, rubbing the water out of his eyes. "You're not Celine.", he said dumbfounded, when he saw me instead of her. I didn't know what to say and was half tempted to leave without a word and run out of the IKEA. I hadn't expected discovering a big naked man in the shower, who only now hid his private parts behind the shower curtain. "Could you hand me the towel still?", he asked me now and pointed to the stebeto towel rack right next to me, where a white towel with a blue border hang. Caught in an awkward situation, I knew nothing else to do, except for throwing the towel over to him. It fell short, about an arms length and a half away from the shower. He looked at me, disappointed. I looked back at him, apologetically. Both of us waited to see, whether the other made the first move to pick up the towel. END OF PART ONE 