
With the click of a mouse, suddenly I found myself falling as if someone had whisked my desk chair out from under me, and within a blink everything around me was suddenly...square. I looked around, gasped when I saw a tree with a perfectly rectangular trunk and...is that a cobblestone wall? This couldn't be right, not two minutes ago I had logged into my favorite old server, and now, by some sort of unholy hand, I found myself staring at the remains of my old Minecraft camp, complete with the houses I remembered building years ago, the fountain, the stables, all frozen in time as if I had never logged off. The place felt eerily calm, yet completely absent of the warm feelings I remembered from all the hours sunk into this homestead. If Tom, well TomDestroyer34 as most people knew him, really still played on this server, then where could he be? The logical first place to check, I decided, was his house. I started forward, stumbled over a particularly unforgiving block of dirt, caught my footing and pushed further into the camp. As I made my way toward my old friend's small cabin I silently thanked him for being so persistent years ago about adequately lighting the area, as mobs were thankfully not an issue. As I approached Tom's house I noticed his door was already open, something I remember him being very picky about, in fact I could still remember his annoyed tone as he reminded me to close it behind myself every time I followed him in. This was very unusual, and left a feeling of uneasiness in my stomach. I looked around for clues, not seeing much of anything though, as Tom had always been rather minimalistic when it came to his builds. He was always the mining type, constantly clunking around down at Y=11 and occasionally spamming profanities after losing his haul in a pit of lava. I never knew much about Tom in real life, but from what I picked up from our time spent playing together I knew he was a calculated, careful guy who spent a lot of time playing video games, but I had a hard time believing that after all this time he was still playing on this server, and still using the same old camp at that? After searching for a few minutes and finding nothing but an iron sword and a few apples, I prepared to leave his cabin, but on the way out I noticed a trap door only visible if you were standing right next to Tom's bed. Maybe this be something important? I gave the trap door a tug, and it swung open to reveal a ladder leading down a very, very deep shaft. Normally I wouldn't be phased by something like this in a video game, but in real life I have a robust fear of heights and that coupled with my already growing sense of uneasiness, well you can imagine I was not excited for what I knew I was about to do. I reached a shaky hand out, grasped the ladder, and slowly made my way down.. Down.. Down.. Into... Wow, what sort of luck did we have that we managed to build our base directly on top of a stronghold? I couldn't believe it, I was really standing in the library of a stronghold. I looked around, cobwebs sprawled across bookshelves, there was a chest upstairs unopened, and...a four by four tunnel dug directly into one of the bookcases and through to another part of the stronghold. I crept forward, my footsteps echoed down stone hallways as I moved. The air smelled stale and old, the walls were carbon copy cubes of each other, and though everything around me was clearly pixelated, it somehow felt more real than anything I had felt in a long time. The tunnel came to a stop and someone had placed a door. I grasped the door handle, noticed how sweaty my hand was in anticipation, pushed the thought aside, and then pushed the door open, revealing the steps to an Ender Portal, with the spawner in front of it thankfully already destroyed. I stepped forward, one step at a time. I got to the top of the stairs overlooking the portal. It was already activated. Oh geesh, Tom, what did you get yourself into? And then, after gathering up what courage I could muster, I closed my eyes and let myself fall forward into the portal, praying to Notch to give me strength in the fight to come... ------------------------------------------------------------------------ Hope you enjoyed my first story! I'm on mobile so sorry about formatting, but if anyone is interested I could definitely do a part 2?! And constructive criticism would be appreciated too! Thanks for reading! 