
"Well, first off: If the chance of winning is one in two hundred million, and two hundred million people play, someone HAS to win. You WILL have one false positive per game, every time. So..." "That is actually false. We have our way of assuring nobody can win without cheating." "That's fairly interesting. And what happens to the money of the poor sods who buy the tickets but stand no chance of winning?" "This is besides the point. It's me who asks the questions. I'm asking nicely for the last time: When are you from?" "You should have thought up a more plausible excuse to swindle your way out of paying. Either I'm walking away with my jackpot, or I'm walking with my jackpot out of the court room and you'll spend a long time behind the bars." "You have no legal rights. You likely haven't even been born yet." "What sort of background check have you done on me?" "Every document protection mechanism becomes obsolete in ten to twenty years. Your passport could have been faked perfectly in the future." "That's all? No checking of relatives, home address, Internet history, nothing of that sort? Immediately jumping the gun that I'm from the future? How much more stupid do you think I am, fucking thief!" "You would have assumed the identity of a person from the past!" "And first, what would happen to the original, and then how would I obtain that person's memories? You can check details that would not carry over long enough. Do you think someone in 30 years will remember stuff like... eh, me needing to push the key into my apartment lock not all the way in, or it won't open. Or that in my refrigerator there's a box of salad three months old by now, which I'm afraid to move. Or that I brought bacon to a grill with friends last weekend. Do you honestly believe stuff like that could be faked? Or that I willingly lived in this shithole of a town for past 30 years just to build up a cover story? Or if the inflation keeps up, in 30 years my today's winnings will be worth more than pocket fluff? Or that if I was smart enough to build a time machine I'd fall for a scam this stupid? How much more dense can you get?" The agent's eyes opened wide. He stood up and stormed out. I just kept drumming my fingers on the table, deep in thoughts. Maybe twenty minutes later a different man in black suit walked in. He had a black briefcase in hand. "Sir," he said, opening the briefcase. "It seems there was a... system error. We've performed a more thorough background check and everything checks out. You will be released immediately, after you sign this..." he passed a paper to me. It was a contract. One hundred million dollars, the jackpot, would be transferred to my account, under condition that I retain the events and existence of the organization in secret. "I should really report you to authorities. Scamming millions of people out of these money like this..." "They go towards many noble purposes. You must take my word for it, but we use them to fund forces that protect the world from threats that could mean its doom. And we're taking a hit to our budget by paying you out, but we are honest people, and that was a severe mistake on our side..." "Eh, screw it." I took the pen and signed the paper. In five minutes, I was walking down the street, a hundred million dollars richer. ------------- I sat under an awning of a bar, sipping martini. The much older me, with beard, black glasses, sun tan, bahama shirt, was sitting on the other side of the table, drinking beer. "Thanks, old man." I grinned to... him? me? "How can I thank you? Can I treat you to a lunch at least?" He laughed. "No need. After all, I have way more cash than you do. Keep the market tips list safe. Don't invest too much, no more than 15% capital growth per year. And leave in 2027 for Europe, it's gonna get hot around here for a while," he grinned. "And have fun researching time travel. You will have fun, 'cause I remember that well. Send a copy of the machine to the agency back into 70's, they'll need it. They are good guys, though sometimes a bit too trigger-happy, you'll work with them a good few times yet. So, bye - see you later... from the other side of the table!" 