
On a typical Thursday, I wandered into Dave's for a late lunch. The bell on the door rang to alert the store of a hungry customer. The parlor wasn't particularly busy around this hour and I liked the quiet as I gorged myself. Honestly, for how good Dave is, he could have a national chain. As I entered, I was surprised to see another customer at this hour. She sat towards the back of the restaurant, reading something on a tablet with a pair of earbuds in while slurping down a carbonated drink. She wore a stained, baggy hoodie with my alma mater's name on the front, with gorgeous dark brown hair down to her shoulders. She was wearing a pair of oversized glasses, propped up gently at the tip of her nose. I got goosebumps on my arms. Even though she let herself go at the moment, I'd recognize that face through a tactical scope any day of the week. "Here you go ma'am. Extra large pepperoni and mushrooms with extra cheese." Dave cleared some space on her table and set the piping hot pizza in front of the lady. She thanked him and tied her hair in a top knot before digging in. I walked up to the counter. "Well if it isn't my favorite customer! What will it be today?" "Hey Dave. The usual three slices. And a lemonade." "Right away, sir." Dave replied, as he hustled to the kitchen. After ordering, I took another peek to my left. Somehow in that time she had already finished a slice of pizza and was well into her second. I wanted to leave her alone, for my own sake. But it was too strange. I needed more intel. I took a gulp and walked towards her, sneaking a fork from one of the tables and hiding it in my sleeve. Better safe than sorry. "Evelyn?" Evelyn took out her earphones and gazed at me. For a brief moment, time slowed to a crawl as her pupils dilated at a familiar sight. She quickly looked away and continued eating. "What are you doing here?" Evelyn muffled, mouth stuffed with pizza. ".. Work." I lied. Surely the word hadn't spread about my retirement just yet right? "Yeah? You seemed pretty chummy with the owner." Dammit. Nothing slips by you, does it. Focus on your damn book. "I've been in the area for a while doing surveillance. I just happen to like the pizza here. What about you?" I retorted. ".. Vacation." She went for another slice of pizza. "Really now? Where'd you get that sweatshirt? It looks pretty worn." "It's a disguise, dumbass. I still have a pretty high profile and I'm not exactly welcome in this city." "Don't I know it..." I remarked, as I sat down opposite to her, fork still at the ready. "Still, why vacation in a city- country even, that you're wanted in?" "I like to live dangerously." Evelyn smiled, as she took another sip of her beverage. Dave came back with my order, a lemonade and three slices of Hawaiian-Margherita pizza. Evelyn looked at the dish with visible disgust. "You two know each other?" He inquired. ".. Yeah. Something like that." "Hahaha. I'll let you two catch up." He winked and nudged me. I turned around to see if he was out of hearing range before I turned back to Evelyn. I picked up a slice and we ate in silence. Thoughts raced in my head as I tried to understand how it was possible for Evelyn to be here. I frantically tried to recall any mistakes I might have made on my way out, but nothing came to mind. After a little while, I decided that I'd have to do a little more questioning. "Cut the bullshit, Evelyn. What are you actually doing here?" "What, Kevin? You think I have some personal vendetta against you or something?" "I wouldn't be surprised. I just don't happen to believe your vacation happens to be where I was assigned." "And I don't believe your mission assignment ended up where I wanted to relax. In fact, a little birdie told me.. there's no mission here at all. At least, not one that would require your.. expertise." I froze up as she locked eyes with me again. There's no way my retirement leaked this soon. I'm going to have to let Xia know there's a mole. "How many?" Evelyn laughed. "Come on Kevin. I'm on *vacation*. Can't we talk about something else other than work, hmm?" "I've never known you to be one for small talk." All of a sudden, Evelyn got up, handed Dave a 20, and turned around back towards me. "Well Kevin, nice to see you again. Best of luck on your... job, and enjoy the pizza. You can box the rest of mine if you'd like." She gave me a sly grin before walking to the exit and putting up her hood. "Oh, I'll be in town till the 24th. Maybe we'll cross each other again." The bell tolled once more marking her departure. I knew that grin all too well. I rushed to the bathroom and pushed my finger down my throat at the toilet. My precious pizza came hurdling back. Better safe than sorry. Two more weeks of this shit? Guess I can't come to Dave's for a while. 