
"That was..." Brawg began, staggering over the bodies of the fallen goblins, his boots squelching in the treacle-like blood. "Far too..." said Vesperr, returning her bow to her back, and beginning to pluck out arrows from the deceased enemies. "Oxyrin!" finished Oxyrin, his pointed hat falling over his eyes once again. Dribble oozed down from his mouth and his pupils spun this way and that, as if two compasses confused by magnets. Brawg and Vesperr looked at each other for a moment, then burst out laughing. Brawg brought a thunderous hand down on the wizard's back. "Don't ever change, Oxyrin!" he said. "Oh, Oxyrin," grinned Vesperr, "you're the reason we do this, you know? For that smile on your face." She wiped away a the spittle from his lips, then shook her finger, sending the spit plopping onto the ground. "Oxyrin!" Oxyrin repeated. A pointed tongue darted out of his mouth and latched onto a fly that was hovering over a brutalised body below. "I'm going to pretend I didn't just see that," said Brawg with a wink. "Okay gang, I'd say we're all done here. I believe its time to go collect our reward." "Not so fast, my friends," came a mysterious voice from behind them. Only, when they turned, there was *nothing* behind them. Slowly, the blue-robed wizard hazed into existence. "It is I, the *real* Oxyrin! I have been trapped for the longest time, but I have finally outsmarted my captors and have returned to my friends. For no one is as clever as the Great Oxyrin!" Brawg and Vesperr glanced at each other, then let out a joint gasp. "Quite you might gasp," said Oxyrin, as he turned and pointed an accusing finger at the other blue wizard, who was now on all fours chasing after a spider. "For that fellow, has fooled you, my dear friends. But he is nothing more than an impostor! A Doppelganger! A fake, a fraud, and dare I say it, a phoney." Brawg nudged Vesperr and they both gasped again. "How.. erm, how can we believe you?" asked Vesperr, her top lip wet with nervous sweat. "How do we know he--"she pointed to the to the wizard, who was now chewing on something--"isn't the real Oxyrin. After all, he would have had to fool us both for two entire years." Oxyrin rolled his eyes. "Hardly a challenging task. You two never were the"--his hands burst into blue flames--"brightest sparks. Ha. Hahaha." Brawg's muscles tensed. Vesperr put a hand against his chest. "That's not proof enough. For our Oxyrin can also do such petty parlour tricks." "Very well," Oxyrin sighed, "I shall prove it. We shall have a wizard-off." "Smart," said Vesperr. She let out a high pitched whistle, at which the other Oxyrin came bounding over to her. "Oxyrin!" he sputtered as he arrived. "Is that all he can say? How could you *possibly* believe he was me?" "Good point," said Brawg. "His vocabulary is much larger." "Oh. You made a joke. How very amusing." "Okay," said Vesperr. "Round one of the wizard-off. *Shape-shifting.*" "What? What a stupid round," complained Oxyrin, "for sniffing out a shape-shifter!" His face was red and a vein popped out of his forehead, pulsating like waves on the ocean. "Unbelievable idiocy. How you have possibly survived this long without me to guide you -- heaven only knows!" "Oxyrin!" replied the other Oxyrin. "Well, if you can't do it and he can..." said Brawg shrugging, "then I guess we know who the real wizard is." "Oh... *pish!* Very well. And what must we change into, pray tell?" "Something very small. To really challenge your morphitisation skills. A fly. Simple. First one to transform into a fly wins." "Sala kazoo, Sala kazam!" shouted Oxyrin. There was a puff of smoke that left Vesperr and Brawg coughing. As it cleared, and only for the briefest moment, they saw a fly. Then, they saw a huge, pointed tongue. Finally, they saw an Oxyrin chewing on and then swallowing *something*. "Oxyrin!" he shouted triumphantly, as Brawg and Vesperr collapsed into a fit of laughter. "Oh Oxyrin," said Brawg, slapping him on the back "you really are too much." "And," said Vesperr, "we wouldn't have it any other way!" 