
"You're drunk, Jerry. You're drunk on the goddamn job again. Do you ***want*** to get fired?" "No, man, I'm telling you, the new guy straight up welded the entire fitting *with his bare finger*. Just dragged it around the line real smooth and it was done. And Barry saw him driving the beams. He was using that custom 25lb sledge like it was a tack hammer. The dude is a beast. Those muscles are not for show. I wonder if he knows a guy who can get me some juice? I bet he does." "Jerry, if you go over there and mess with the only guy who has actually done any work today, I will TIG weld your asshole to that rebar, and I will not use my finger, you drunk fool." "Aw, Terry, come on, I told you I'm not drunk today. Just go watch him, I swear, you'll see." "Fine. Larry, come with me." The foreman and shift super wandered over to where the new guy, who went by T-Dog, was delicately driving support steel into a few concrete forms he had carried and placed by hand. The custom sledge rose and fell with the practised ease of a man who had been doing this all his life. For a guy old enough to have a long graying beard - braided ornately, which set him apart from the other bearded construction members as effectively as his highly muscular frame did - he never did seem to tire. "Yo, T-Dog, can I interrupt you for a sec?" "Of course," he boomed. T-Dog did not have an indoor voice setting. "Brief rests make the day's work light. What aid or answers may I give, Terry, son of Brad?" "Listen, Jerry brought to my attention that you might have been working with more of a thought to efficiency than safety, and I just wanted to make sure that you had gotten those OSHA briefings. We all love what you're doing, don't get me wrong, I would just hate to see you get hurt." "Ah, Bradson, fear not. I have lived a bawdy and violent life. If I have not yet met my end, I can promise you that nothing here will harm me. But perhaps you fear for your other men? Of course you do. My apologies, Bradson. I will be more mindful of those around me in the future." With a contagious smile, T-Dog turned back to his hammering. The man loved hammering. And singing, which he began doing again. Knocker, Beater, Steel-Striking Minder Swaddling-babes by big brother Grinder Fjellheim, Stout-wall, long-legged timber Now seal steel silently, sky-spear's finger! T-Dog was a strange fellow, but you could not fault his work or work ethic. 