
Knock knock. There was a pause. Bill never let there be a pause anymore; the first few times, he'd thought they were Jehovah's Witnesses. He learned from that real quick. Sure, they paid the door bill, but it scared hell out of him. They never came when he was gone. Not that he'd know that. But that also meant that they knew he was in there, so he let them in. They were nice, as agents of imperialism go. Zhou, Patel, Rachmaninov, Dupont, Bashir, Muturi, Vazquez, Garcia and Taggart. He always thought it was awkward, having nine men come to his house every Saturday. Rachmaninov went missing for a few months in '91, sure, and Bashir's predecessor disappeared in 2011. They always asked strange questions. They said they were just census-takers, and Bill supposed he couldn't ask anyone else if they got strange questions. He didn't have anyone else to ask. Zhou came to the front. He was usually the spokeperson of the squad, but he was even more to-the-point than usual. Taggart always seemed a little jealous. "Mr. Cole," said Zhou. "We'd like to know what you think of Mr. Kim Jong-Un." Bill paused. "Well, I think he's crazy, obviously." There was a pause. "So what do you mean?" Mr. Taggart, now. "Well, what do you think he'll be doing next?" Bill. "Oh, he can't do shit to the US, I can tell you that. Now, I'd tell South Korea to build some bunkers. And I'd feel terrible if Japan got nuked *again*. Would he do anything to China, though?" What he meant as a rhetorical question was met with intent stares. Bill sighed. "No, he wouldn't. And I dunno if Russia has enough population in Siberia to be worth targeting. I mean, they've got a few Pacific ports there, right?" Rachmaninoff, now. "Yes, several." Bill was surer, now. "Well, I say they set up a few military bases, but make it seem like it's still not too much of a target, ya know? But I heard... well, it's hard to explain. Russia supports the Syrian administration. China supports Russia. North Korea supports China. China's their last ally, right?" Bashir nodded. "Yes, sir. Right on all of that." Bill smirked. "Well, take down the unpopular ones first. Obviously Japan and the US should take whatever threat North Korea poses down, after the Japanese and the South Koreans set themselves up. Whatever happened to Ronald Reagan's whole "Star Wars" thing, right? Ya know what I mean? It'd shoot the Russian missiles out of the sky...? We ever get that in a working prototype?" Taggart smiled. "Yes, sir. I heard we've got those in the Sea of Japan right now." Bill smiled right back. "Oh, that's good news. Now, for Syria. We play the Saudi Arabians against the Syrians and the Iranians. Get the Israelis to join in, maybe even earn the respect of their neighbors. Syrians excepted, of course. Then get the Indians to run in from the East." Patel nodded seriously. "Of course, of course." Bill. "Eh, I dunno about the Indians doing anything in the Middle East. Because they'd be having to fight China right after, right? I dunno how to put this, but... China has such a massive population, only India can compare. Now, the US and Japan already had all their troops in the Sea of Japan. So we have the Indians and the Japanese and the Americans against the Chinese. Sounds alright to me." Patel and Zhou looked at each other and swallowed sadly. Bill. "Now, the Russians? They ain't been nothing since '91. Just send NATO forces, UN forces, maybe even anyone we got from Central Asia, right? Is anyone there still rooting for Russia? In Kazakhstan, and all that?" Bashir. "Yes, yes. Allies in Kazakhstan, and Azerbaijan." Bill. "Well, ya know, I'd feel bad if they were all tired from fighting the Syrians. So, keep the fight in the south of Iran and all that. At least I hope that's how it goes." Patel. "Of course, of course." Bill. "Well, if we take out Russia quick enough, the Chinese might just give up on it, ya know? So that's what I think. Not because the Russians are such great allies, just because the Russians were the only reason to fight us." Dupont. "Oh, of course." Bill. "Now, I don't want it to happen, but... Maybe it needs to, ya know?" Taggart. "Oh, it does." Zhou smiled. "Thank you, Mr. Cole." Taggart. "Next Saturday, buddy!" *Rachmaninov. "Informed as always, Mr. Cole. The newspapers are obviously doing their job."* Bill smiled and waved as they left, one by one. He closed the door behind them and sighed. Such nice young men. EDIT: the last Rachmaninov line EDIT 2: Continuity error with the visits **I'm honestly surprised at the attention this is getting. I had some good description at the start, sure, but after that, this was basically a screenplay. Is my dialogue that good?** **...or did I just post first and get all the upvotes?** 