
Flavia removed her helmet and threw it into her armor rack, sending the pristine ceremonial garb tumbling into the dirt, before collapsing into her chair. She was seething with rage, the sound of constant rainfall grating and infuriating. If only that fucking bastard had just- "Primus," The flaps of her holotent opened slightly to reveal a legionary from outside of her cohort, "The Equestrian requests your presence in the command tent." He paused and looked at her nervously "Presently." Flavia picked up a jug of wine and sent it flying in his direction, prompting his expedient removal from her general vicinity. Tightly gripping the bridge of her nose in a futile effort to calm down, she sighed heavily. Of course Cassia wanted to see her, that bitch never shirked away from an opportunity to criticise her betters. She would relish the opportunity to place the blame at Flavia's feet for this, of that she was certain. Ignoring her helmet she threw open the flaps of her holotent prompting an aquilan salute from any nearby legionaries. She left them to their dice games in the mud without so much as a glance, electro sandals propelling her past the remainder of her cohort and sent her storming into the command tent. "You piece of shit," She growled before the soundproof flaps had even closed behind her, gripping the equestrian by the cape strap. "What happened to our god damn air support, we were sitting ducks out there." Cassia just smiled back smugly, making no effort to wriggle out of her grip. "How has the role of Primus been treating you Flavia? It must be tough, filling shoes as large as mine," She scoffed "Especially with operations like this one on your resume." "You little-" She raised her hand to strike her before she was interrupted. "Enough!" A loud voice echoed through the large tent, stopping her dead in her tracks. "This useless squabble has no place within these walls." "Legatus?" Flavia asked breathlessly, before swiftly releasing Cassia and turning to give him a proper aquilan salute. "Forgive me Legatus, had I been made aware of your presence I-" "You would have dropped this charade and spoken your mind freely?" He said, looking up at her from the ever-changing battle map laid out on the table. "Then I implore you to keep my presence in mind until further notice." She opened her mouth to speak but quickly thought better of it, as even Cassia stood in silent salute. "Understood, Legatus." Legion Legate Marius was not the most people prone commander she had ever served under, but his tactical brilliance was undeniable. He had put the 262nd legion on the map, and under his command, it had known many storied triumphs. Today, however, was not one of them. "The Air support," he grumbled at them, eyes fixed on the previous battle playing out in front of him. "They were relieved of my command not but 5 hours ago." They stood in shock, waiting for an explanation that never came. Eventually, Flavia caved. "Legatus, with respect," She started "Imperial Legate Septima Dominica has demanded additional support for her campaign on Varinia IV," He scratched the back of his head, "Hence the loss of the bulk of our atmospheric strike craft and troop delivery vehicles." "So we are to abandon the planet then?" Cassia asked, at which point he looked up to stare at her sternly. "Legatus?" "No, we are to proceed with the offensive until further notice," "But without-" Cassia protested He slammed his fists into the battle map hard. "Without them, we are still the 262nd legion of the Emperor!" His teeth ground together tightly as he shouted. "And the 262nd legion does not know defeat!" He stared them down until they both gave him a nod which allowed him to slip deflated back into his seat. "I want a new approach strategy by sun-up," He sighed heavily "Dismissed." As they left the holotent, Cassia made sure they were far enough away before she exploded. "That mad bastard is gonna kill us all," She looked pale even as she fumed "Without vehicles we won't last a week camped out into the open like this, let alone manage an assault on the perimiter." Flavia hated it when the equestrian was right, but she couldn't deny the truth in her words. They had both seen it in him, that mad hunger for victory which had ultimately consigned them to a fate of inevitable death and ruin. "We have to do something," Cassia muttered, "We could poison his wine or something, convince the laticlavius that this plan is utter madness." "We'd risk martyring him," Flavia bit away at her nails as her mind worked overtime. "Plus, it would be an act of high treason if anyone found out." Cassia scoffed "Rather that than a slow and agonizing death," "It may not come down to either," She smiled as she turned to face Cassia. "Can we secure enough supplies for a cohort to last up to two weeks in the mountain passes." She thought about it for a second. "How quickly?" "Ideally tomorrow." She pulled out a holobook and scratched down a few calculations. "In theory, yes, but-" "Perfect, I'll ready my men for the trek and we'll reconvene at sun-up." She smirked as she slapped Cassia on the shoulder. "Bring your hiking cape." "Wait, I'm coming with?" Flavia shrugged. "You can take your chances with the palisade, but I wouldn't bet on it still standing by the time we come back." "Fine," She answered grimly "But what the hell do we tell the Legatus." Flavia smiled back. "The truth," She patted the vibrosword at her side. "That we're gonna go kill some aliens." 