
It was way past midnight when my boss finally allowed me to go home. Having a job as a nurse isn't the easiest thing in the world, but when you're the only nurse in the hospital who can speak Cherokee and the latest person to come into the emergency room just happened to be Native American, well, let's just say I'm pretty sure 50% of my blood had been replaced by coffee. To say nothing of the fact that the victim had colorectal abscess the size of her entire inner abdomen. I can still smell the horror even after bathing in alcohol. Anyway, I drive my way through a rather dark winding road, supposedly a scenic route, but it's the only road to my house. I don't normally go home this late, but I also don't want to get fired. Past midnight even a full moon can't penetrate this darkness, and my somewhat busted headlights can only illuminate so much. It's actually a little scary, but I don't really have a choice. Earlier, I had considered staying at my friend's house, but then I remembered my dog. I was driving very fast because I can feel the coffee in my system losing effect, and I do not want to fall asleep and drive off a cliff. In hindsight, that was almost a very bad idea. That was fine for the first five minutes, but then an unexpected bump jolted me and my beloved 1998 Toyota almost off the road. I swerved and turned, but luckily I managed to regain control of it before I looked back on my rearview mirrors. I had hit a bear, and it was no longer moving. In my peripheral vision I can see my EXP Watch, a device used to keep track of our life experiences, changing rather dramatically, but seeing as I didn't want t stick around, I pressed the accelerator and my car purred to life. --- The next day, I turned on my TV while sipping coffee. Shift doesn't start in a few hours so I might as well kill time, not that it will change the EXP Watch. *"And in today's headline, known serial killer Bear Man was recently found dead on Ocean Drive, apparently run over by a vehicle."* said the announcer on the TV as I sat with my jaw open. The TV showed the "bear", actually a man in a costume, being put by police inside a body bag. *"The serial killer is infamous for dressing up as a bear and mauling his targets to death. He would often hide in winding country roads, waiting for a passing car, before striking and killing them."* *"How was he never run down?"* asked an interviewer. *"Well, most of the time people don't speed up in these roads,"* replied the anchor. *"It seemed like someone was in a hurry to go home last night."* 