
######[](#dropcap) "I've told you a million times, you've got to learn the Latin," the old man huffed at his young apprentice, watching as she continued to speak in English. Luna rolled her eyes. "Latin is a dead language," he continued. "So the meanings of words will stay consistent." "I'll be fine, grandpa. There isn't that much overlap with words that I'd use for spells anyway. I've gotta go meet up with Milo right now, so I'll talk to you later!" She dashed out of the house, unwilling to take her grandfather's nagging anymore. It was so difficult to remember all those latin words, and she could progress so much more quickly with learning spells if she just stuck to English. Just off-road, she suddenly noticed movement. Luna froze and held her breath, gazing into the trees next to the dirt path. She had wanted to take a shortcut to Milo's because it was growing dark, so she had decided to cut through the forest area. She didn't usually like to take this path because there were all sorts of wildlife around, but she had decided that it would fine if she did just once. Slowly, she noticed the leaves and grass on the ground begin to quiver. She kept her eyes trained carefully on where the movement was coming from. Within moments, the creature came into a view. With black and red stripes, it slithered onto the side of the road, its gaze focused on her as it bared its fangs and hissed. Luna felt her mind blank out. Snakes had always been her greatest fear, and she could feel her heart beginning to race and her legs wobble. She fumbled before managing to pull out her wand from her pocket. Her lips felt numb. *Please don't strike, please don't strike.* She stayed as still as possible until her wand was pointed at the snake. Then, she uttered the words that she had never dared utter before. A spell that that would have lasting consequences that couldn't be taken back. "Slay," she whispered, watching the rip of electricity hit the snake from the end of her wand. She had expected it to fall still, maybe even to explode into a couple of different parts. Instead, before her eyes, it slowly grew until its head, when reared back, reached her waist. Its coat also began shiny, almost blinding, and within her terror, she managed to notice that it had grown...eyelashes? Luna gulped, thinking of her grandfather's warning as the snake hissed and reared back. It lunged. ***** More fantasy stories at r/AlannaWu! 