
I awake, my vision a white blur; I gasp for breath, lunging upright. An alarm is ringing somewhere far away. I hear a voice. A woman's. The haze begins to lessen a little and I see I'm in a white room, with a single window and not much else. I see *her*. She's walking towards me. "Welcome back," she says, gently pushing me back down onto the bed. "I wasn't sure I'd ever get to speak to you." Her soft smile is reassuring. "Where - *where am?*" I'm hyperventilating. "Breathe, now," she says. "Like this." She puts her hands in front of her stomach, moving them away as she takes a deep breath. "Hold it for five seconds. Then, exhale for five." I try to copy, and eventually, my heart begins to pump a little less furiously. "That's right, just relax. Very good." "Please, where am I?" I beg. The lady is dressed in blue and white. "Saint Bartholomew's hospital," she answers. "*Hospital?* I repeat, stupidly. She nods. "You've been in a coma, for quite some time." "What? *How long?*" "Three years." "No... that's not right," I protest, but my head is a thick fog. I can't think clearly. "You were in a car accident." "I don't remember... no - *wait.*" A few vague memories shake themselves free, like icicles falling from a cave roof. I was rich - I'd never had money before, but now I had more than I could ever have dreamed of. I was finally enjoying life. *But how did I get so much money?* "I won the lottery," I say, as much to myself as to the nurse. She bites her lip. "I'm glad you were having nice dreams, but..." "No. It wasn't a dream. I *did* win it." "I'm sorry, Mr Brown." "Brown? My name's Manning. *Oliver Manning*." The nurse turns away, as if looking for someone. When she looks back at me, there's an awkward smile on her face. "I know it's hard to believe - it's often like this when you've been in a long coma, but you're *Richard Brown.* "That can't be right..." "The doctor said you might forget some aspects of your identity. They'll return, soon." She lays a drivers license down on the bed. "That's my face, but that's... not my name." The nurse sighs. "Think you can use a laptop?" I nod. "Yes. I think so." She leaves me, returning shortly with a small computer under an arm. "Can you sit up?" she asks. I can. She places the laptop gently onto my legs. "You can search for the incident. Just type "Richard Brown car crash Minnesota, 2017. I'll leave you for a while." I open Google as she walks out of the room. Then, I change my mind, and open up my bank's website. I *did* win - I know I did. I just need to see proof. I type in my user ID and security details, and let out a long sigh of relief when the next screen loads. Oliver Manning: $17.6 million dollars. The nurse returns to the room holding something small in her left hand. "Did you find out everything you needed?" she asks, as she approaches me. "Yes. I *did* win, thank God," I say, closing my eyes and smiling broadly. "I thought I was going insane." "Yes, you did," she replies, as she pushes a syringe into my neck. "I knew you'd check your bank. You're a *very* greedy man." "What are you-" "You won all those millions, then you bought yourself a fast sports car - an Italian thing. You drove it recklessly. You drank. Then, you hit my husband. You were always going to hit somebody, but why him?" My stomach fills with a new dread - a real dread. A certainty. "You kept on driving, leaving him on the side of the road in a quickly growing pool of his own blood. You might have saved him, had you stopped and called for help. *I know you did it* - everyone knows - but your fancy lawyers got you off. He left me and our three children all alone. They have no father now, just a working nurse, to support them." "I'm... *so sorry*." "Took me some time get the opportunity to do this. To set this room up as nicely as I have - although I've always been one for minimalism." "I'm sorry," I mumble, my tongue heavy. "Truly" "You took everything from me. Now I'm going to take *everything* from you." I begin to feel dizzy and my mouth is so, so dry. "Did he give you the money yet, mommy?" asks a high pitched voice. I see a small, hazy silhouette enter the room. "Yes darling." "Is he dead yet?" "Shortly, sweetheart." "Good." --- Thanks for reading! Plenty more stories on my sub: /r/nickofnight (free ascii rose for all new subs --------{---(@ ) 