
Sitting alone in my room, I closed my eyes, wishing whoever had just rang the doorbell would just leave. I wasn't feeling up to dealing with people today. I had seen my best friend. There was just one problem with that. I see dead people. Well, *almost* dead people, to be accurate. It's my own morbid miracle, a gift or a curse depending on the day. It started when I was small, venturing out of the house with my parents. I would point and scream happily, begging my parents to look. It's another person! At first she ignored it. In later years she wrote it off as imagination. Not long after that I had learned not to bring it up. For me, seeing a stranger on the street was exciting. For my mother, it was cruel. She knew I couldn't see anything in the darkness, and her blind child claiming she could see people seemed like a cry of desperation; I wished I could see people, so I convinced myself that I did. I had never discovered the mystery of why I can see certain strangers, but it had become my normal. Until last year. My family had gone to see my grandmother in the hospital, unsure how long she had left on this earth. I had only been in a hospital once before at a young age, but when my mother told me they were filled with lots of people I assumed that's why I could see more of them. I saw my grandmother that day, for the first time in my life. Her thin, silvery hair was short and surprisingly well maintained for someone who had been in that bed for weeks. She looked fragile, her arms far from the strong, energetic ones that had rescued me from mishaps in my youth. I had no idea why I could see her, but it was my miracle. Until, soon after returning home that night, we got the call that she had passed away. That's when I began to put it together. Months later my theory was confirmed when I witnessed a car accident. Or rather, witnessed the life leaving the accident. The sound of crunching metal to my right while riding in the car caused me to whip my head to the source of the sound. A young woman entered my darkness, bloody and barely leaving. Moments later, she stopped breathing and faded from my view. Sighing, I stood and walked toward my door. I could hear voices downstairs, sure that the stranger had decided to stay. Today was not the day to be reprimanded for rudeness, so I made my way into the living room with my best "welcome to our home" face. The scene I found cause every cell in my body to freeze. My breath stopped, my body refused to move, I was even certain my heart had decided not to beat. I could see my parents. My father stood, talking into the darkness, while my mother approached from the direction of the kitchen. For one instant, the magic of seeing them for the first time took over. Its decimation was swift as terror kicked in. The sound of my brother's footsteps behind me broke me from my spell. I turned, and saw him clearly for the first time. His smirk was playful as he whispered in my ear. "Thanks a lot, Goodie Two Shoes, if you hadn't come out I could have gotten away with staying in my room too." He looked at me strangely when I didn't joke back. "Hey, there they are! Where's the youngster? I'd just love to see her.." The words came from the darkness and my voice refused to work. I looked at my brother next to me, his disgust clear as he moved slightly to the side, blocking the staircase. "Playing." I cursed myself for my stupidity, standing frozen when I could see my whole family. Running to my younger sister's room, I opened the door quickly and saw nothing. "Sophie?" I said into the void, but my answer came from the bottom of the stairs. "She's in my room." I turned to his room, taking a deep breath as I opened the door. I saw no sign of the six year old girl, but heard her giggling at the other side of the room. "You gotta close the door! Bubby said I can only play with her if I close the door!" Sighing, I whispered calmly for her to stay here with the hamster and locked my brother's door quietly as I closed it. Downstairs, my father was still talking to the person that I still could not see. I had known his voice instantly. My best friend's father. I silently cursed myself foe never listening to my brother. For years he had hated my friend's dad, and when pressed he would just mutter something about "the guy's a creep". I had never understood what my brother saw in him that was so awful, when I and the rest of the world just saw a family man. Suddenly my father's conversation changed from background noise to the center of my attention. "Why don't you come in, have a beer? I'm sure that family of yours can spare you for a bit." He offered with a smile. "Oh, they've got all the time in the world." 