
"Uh," I stammered, barely registering the woman's words. "Sorry, I must've misdialed..." There came a moment's pause. Then: "With respect, I doubt that, sir. Our sales line isn't a number you can exactly stumble across. May I please have your name and the reason for your call today?" *How am I going to talk my way out of this one without sounding like a lunatic? "Yeah, hi, I speak to my dead father every year and this time I think I hit redial and now I'm speaking with you..."* Then the woman's words sank in. *Afterlife, Inc.* "My name is Jensen Orwell," I said truthfully, leaning my head against the sliding door and staring at the moonlit grass beyond. "And the reason for your call today?" The response spilled from my mouth almost of its own accord. "I'd like to request an on-site visit, please." Something was clacking on the other end of the line, as if the woman's fingers were flying over a computer keyboard. No, it sounded louder than that, more mechanical. A typewriter? "I see your number is a cell, Mr. Orwell. New York area code. Is that correct?" "Yes." The woman sighed and stopped typing. "I see in our files that your father, Mr. Christopher Orwell, is a current Afterlife customer. You're aware of our pricing package for corporeal visits to customers who have been with us less than 10 years?" "Yes." I chose not to admit that this entire conversation was *actually* the result of a misdial. Nor that I still had no idea to whom I was speaking or what she represented, much less what their pricing looked like. She started clacking away again. "How long do you plan to visit with Mr. Orwell?" "Uh," I said again, beginning to feel very stupid. "A week." "One week will come out to one annum, plus tax and...let's see...Your total will be one annum, 68 annumiums, with half that amount required as deposit upon confirmation. Would you like to proceed?" I took a deep breath and lumbered over from the slider to the kitchen's granite island. The glossy stone felt cool against my arms as I leaned onto it for support. "Please, thanks." Something loud chattered on the other end of the line, like coins tumbling down a metal slide, followed by the sharp *ring* of a bell. "You'll receive your receipt momentarily," the woman said, in a voice that made it obvious she had formed that exact sentence countless times before. "Please make your way to the nearest chair or surface on which you can recline and provide verbal confirmation once you've assumed position." *What in the hell is this?* I half-hoped my wife Emily would make her way down the staircase for a midnight glass of orange juice. Maybe she'd find me talking to myself, sleepwalking through the house and having an imaginary conversation in the kitchen. She'd been saying for days I looked overworked and exhausted. Maybe she actually had a point. Maybe I really *was* starting to let everything in the lab get to-- "Sir?" the woman said, impatiently this time. "Sir, are you in a safe position at this time?" I looked across the island, which my elbows were still planted on, at the black chairs arranged neatly around our kitchen's circular glass table, but made no effort to move over to it. "Yes, I am." "Extracting payment now," she said perfunctorily. There came another metallic *cha-ching* from her end of the line, and a sudden pain lanced through my chest. I cried out, dropping my cell, and slumped forward onto the counter before feeling my knees buckle. In a futile attempt to keep myself up, I twisted around until my back was against the cabinets below the island. My legs could no longer support me against the pain, and my butt thumped onto the tiled floor. The pain didn't stop. Surely there was some invisible needle being pushed through my sternum, spearing through the bone into the softness beneath...there was no other way this raw, tangible *pain* could be burning through my chest, seeping into the rest of my body... "Thank you for your business," I heard my phone voice faintly. The woman was now barely audible; I hadn't had time to turn on speakerphone before whatever happened happened. "Your receipt will manifest momentarily...happy living..." I gasped and slapped a hand onto the floor, trying to jolt myself out of it. It landed on something dry, something that slid: a piece of paper. Wincing, I pinched it with my fingers and held it up to my eyes. A receipt. # Afterlife, Inc. ***Where dreams become reality; where reality becomes forever.*** *Item: On-site (living to deceased, on Afterlife campus), 1 week..........................1 annum (365 life days)* *Tax: 68 annumiums (life days)* *Subtotal: 433 annumiums (life days)* *Gratuity: _____* *Total: _____* *Payment-adjusted lifespan: 72 annums, 324 annumiums* &#x200B; I thought back to what she'd said. *Extracting payment now*. I thought about the pain, which was still there, but fading. Finally, I looked at the receipt again. And then I began to scream. 