
The Elven man's illustrious locks of hair blew in the wind behind him... which was odd, as they were deep within a cave. He smiled widely, holding up a finely crafted fiddle in front of him, with strange magical markings inscribed into its sides. The tall, broad-shouldered figure in front of him, relaxed for a moment, with a look a pure confusion on his face. "What's with the long face?" the bard asked, completely oblivious to the stupidity of the situation. "Never seen a fiddle before?" "I demanded a contest! What is... this?!" the Dark Prince asked, desperately looking for an answer. "It's a mighty fine fiddle, and I'm askin' for a fiddle-off! You wanted a contest? Here ya go!" The Prince stood, petrified and blank-faced at the elven man in front of him. "I meant like... a contest... of strength... or something? This isn't exactly what I had in mind." The Bard simply smiled and continued, "Oh it takes an awful lot of skill to play the fiddle alright! You ain't just born bein' as good as me!" The Bard began to play a quick tune from it before the Prince cut him off, "Okay, okay, that's enough." At this point, the Cleric, Fighter and Wizard could no longer hold back their laughs and began to roll around laughing on the musty cave floor. "Quiet, you!" the Prince shouted, to their immediate silence. "Good. Now this fiddle... how exactly does one play it?" "It's as simple as running the bow 'cross the strings! Here, give it a try!" The Bard handed forward his fine fiddle as the Prince, begrudgingly, took it. The Prince slammed the bow downward onto the instrument to a terrible screeching sound. "No, no, no!" the Bard yelled, taking his instrument back. "You're playin' it too hard!" The other party members were practically dying of laughter at this point, as a flash of anger rolled across the Prince's face. "Curse this darn fiddle!" and in a wave of steel, what was once a fine Georgian instrument fell to the floor in pieces. It was now the Bard with an expression of anger, as he pulled a second stringed instrument from his pack. "You brought... a backup... fiddle?" the Prince said, now returning to confusion. "And you'll see I damn know how to play it, too!" the Bard said as he began to play an intense tune. The Bard played, the warriors laughed, and the Prince simply placed his face in his palm. "You know what? Just go. GO!" and in a swirl of darkness, the party was teleported outside the cave, still laughing their asses off from what just happened. 