
*Ah,* I thought, *I must be in the hospital.* It wouldn't have been the first time. Once, when I had collapsed from hunger, thirst and a medley of other everyday ailments, a good Samaritan had me checked into a hospital. I couldn't stay long, not when they discovered I had no money, but for a while, I had food, it wasn't too cold, and there was a certain peace which reigned. Much like now, actually. "You've made it through, Peter," came the voice. Silky, powerful, the syllables were a joy to experience. I turned to the side, where a tiny lamp did its best to ward off the gloom in the room, towards where the voice came from. "Hello," I said, as I considered my situation. He was dressed in a dark suit several seasons out of fashion, with his pepper-grey hair slicked backwards. He had the sort of face which made women go weak in the knees, made men glower with envy. "I suppose... I have died?" "You catch on fast," he said. "I brought you here because you saved my daughter, a long, long time ago. I figured I should return the favour, you know?" He saw the confusion flash across my face, and he snapped his fingers. A shimmer of smoke, a crackle of light, and a girl's face hung in the air, her features clearer than I expected. "Clara..." "Yes, Clara," he said. I looked down at my arms, and the flesh had healed, with nary a scar. I flexed my legs, and the absence of pain that had been my constant companion was, frankly, disconcerting. I even rooted around my mouth with my tongue - all my teeth were intact. "I'm rejuvenated," I said. It was hard to keep the wonder out of my voice. "In my kingdom, I can make you whole again, as you once were," he said. Like an iceberg, stressed to fracture after relentless global warming, the gears in my mind began to click, to grind, to move. Slowly, not too fast, but better than before. "You're the Devil, aren't you?" "Correct," came the reply, "and you saved my daughter." "Will you answer the questions I put to you?" "I will," he said, crossing his right leg over his left, "it is the least I could do." I sat back down on the chaise longue, hands held out behind me for support. "First question. Was... it known to others that when I saved your daughter, I had no idea at all she was of your lineage?" "No, unfortunately," he said, shaking his head slowly. "Of those who could see, they believed you my agent. They thought you were sent to thwart the heavenly attempt at taking her life, during that brief spell when she was mortal." "Ah, I see... Well, second question. Did they seek to punish me for my supposed... agency to you?" "They did," he said. "And all of them, angels?" "Yes. Emissaries from the adversary." "My job? My health? My reputation?" I asked, fearing the answer. "All them. They tore you down bit by bit. An improbable coincidence here, a spot of rotten luck there, a missed connection elsewhere. They thought they were doing me a disservice, by reducing the influence of my pawn in the mortal realm." I felt a sudden slickness in my palms, and looked down. I found I had dug my nails so hard in that I was bleeding. Fresh, red blood trickled from my newly-knitted flesh. "And my family? My dear wife, innocent as the day is bright? My unborn child, who never took a breath of this world?" He paused for a moment, as if he were choosing his words carefully. "There are rules. They cannot harm the innocent, much less kill them." "But they are dead all the same, right!" I yelled, pushing myself to a standing position. "The fires were so hot I could not even retrieve their bones for burial!" "A trick, a loophole, Peter." "How do you mean?" He snapped his fingers again, and the image shifted. Clara disappeared, to be replaced by my wife, laughing at a dinner table, surrounded by family. She looked as beautiful as when I had wed her. The years had been kind. "They took her memory. She remarried, settled down again. She is well. That girl you see by her side? That one is yours. The rest are from her new husband." "... Is she happy, at least?" "Yes. Of that I am sure." I sat back down, buried my face in my hands. "And all because they thought I had helped you?" I asked. "I cannot turn back time, Peter. Not if I want to play by the rules. So I'm asking, what can I do for you now?" I looked back up at him, meeting his dark, soulless eyes. I thought of all the prayers I had uttered on the streets, asking for guidance, for my feet to be moved to where I had to go, for my hands to do the work I needed to do. I never lost faith, because I thought that there was a plan, that there was a reason for it all, for the trials, the tribulations, the sacrifices, the pain. It seemed, ironically, that my prayers had been answered. "Will you save me?" I asked. "Take me into your fold, clothe me, sustain me, give me strength to do what I need to do? Guide me, provide for me, and so in return I will do as you wish, as your faithful servant, my Lord?" He smiled, and as the shadows danced around the room, as his incisors grew impossibly long... I felt peace, for the first time in decades. "Gladly," he said. --- /r/rarelyfunny 