
Koi breathed into her hands. The nights got cold this far north. Soon the Hive would have to move south, for winter was close at hand. "How much longer?" asked Jalen through the dark. The tall fields of wild grass made it difficult to pick out his position, even under the full moon. "Not long," said Koi. "Our relief should be here soon." "No gains tonight," replied Jalen sourly. Koi knew how he felt. The goal of all Hive patrollers, of course, was to find Strays. A good mind would strengthen them all, and their mass was already the mightiest for a hundred miles in any direction. And if the Stray's mind wasn't strong -- well, at best they were bait, at worst, dinner. But Koi and Jalen weren't a part of their Hive, not really. They stayed because they had to. To wander off without a large group meant lameness, dimness, and usually death -- if not by wild animals, than at the hands of a violent Hive. A Hive like theirs. That's why Jalen was disappointed. Their group, the Fringers, were close to having enough members to splinter off. They would be chased, of course, and outwitting such a powerful Hive was a long shot, but anything was better than the forced violence and cruelty of their group. It was a risk their twenty or so members were willing to take -- just as soon as they gained a few more members. Behind her, still distant, Koi thought she could hear the rustling of footsteps. Their relief would be here soon. Her mind turned to dinner, about her ration of whi-- "Yah!" mumbled Jalen nearby as he crashed to the ground. "What the hell..." Koi saw the tall grass sway where Jalen had fallen. She rushed over and found him -- on top of a small girl. Immediately Koi slapped her hand on Jalen's mouth. The rustling of their relief was close now. A girl so small couldn't possibly be a mind worthy of the Hive. Her fate was sealed if she was discovered by anyone other than themselves. The girl -- frail, with huge eyes that glimmered brown in the moonlight -- looked terrified. Koi put a finger over her mouth and smiled. Whether from weakness or fear, the girl stayed silent. "Where the hell are those two?" came a gruff voice. "Who knows," said a second. "I told you the other night, I don't trust them." "I think they're up to something, along with a few others on patrol." "We'll have to let the boss know after our shift. C'mon, let's get going." The two new patrollers passed frighteningly close to Koi, Jalen, and the girl's hiding spot. Koi rested a hand on the girl's shoulder, reassuring her as the patrollers steadily moved away. But before anything else could be said, Koi felt a tingling in her hand. Looking down, she saw that the girl's eyes had flashed pitch black. Suddenly Koi felt alight with energy. Her vision improved, letting her see straight through the night. She could hear distant chirping, feel every bristle of the grass, smell scents miles off. *Impossible*, Koi thought. No one had found a Neuro in the wild for decades. They were a legend, a half-forgotten myth. But there was no other explanation. "What's wrong?" asked Jalen softly. Koi, half excited, half terrified, replied, "Gather the Fringers. We leave tonight." -------------------- 424/365 one story per day for a year (and counting) read them all at [r/babyshoesalesman](https://www.reddit.com/r/babyshoesalesman) -------------------- 