
Scare. Very scare. All of the days, always scare. Spoop and boop and snarl and bite, gnash and thrash and woof and whine. Mean eyes and long teeth, always scare. Bad ones, worse ones, evil ones - everyone is scare when I bark and shout! They cower and slink and walk right past, screaming and crying as I gnaw on my bones. I don't nap or play when there's scaring to do, I have gates to guard and growls to growl - it's scaring and biting and growling, flicking my tail and bearing my teeth. Saliva dripping and drooping, sizzling on the ash as it burns through the ground, the steam rising up in all shades of red. Everything is red, more so or less. I gnash and I bite, nipping at some behinds - the line moves forward quicker. 'It's worse in there!' I think, as I woof them along. 'If only you knew!' There's sobs and clanking as the chains shuffle on, hands bound and feet tied in an endless line. They don't talk, do they even see? The people in front. Just get pulled and keep pace, as I peer down my snout - the lips curling around teeth, my tongue panting out dry. My nose twitches. I heave in smells, heavy and smokey, and fish for the perfumed tint that's drawing my attention. In the vast line of red is a crying golden figure, a shining beacon of yellow amongst a parade of blooded monotone. They trip as their leader is scared by my bark with their feet catching the chain in a captive jog. I leap from my post and land next to the line, it snaking quickly around me as they jump back in fear. I howl and it's loud - powerful and fierce, low and hoarse, hooded figures swarm and halt the progression of the chained. Pacing up the line as I follow my nose, I ignore the cringes and sobs of the ones I pass by. I'm large, so strong, they could be crushed in a bite; but they can't even see, averting their eyes. My paws halt on the ash and the black cloud settles, in front of me is the coloured smell staring at the ground - they're bound and they're bleeding, it shines tasty and red, but these ones aren't for chewing or scaring, gnashing or gnawing. I howl once again - it's louder, it's *coarse*. From the shadows come more hoods with faces hidden in darkness, they grab at the golden one and pull the chains of its wrists. It grabs at its hands and collapses to the ground but is pulled from the line and is shrieking instead. It's heels drag it in the dirt, an ash trail rising behind it, when a great burst of colour explodes by its side; the even *brighter* ones emerge, beautiful and indifferent. I slink back to my post, and bark loudly so we resume - those chained march on and I bite at my bones, woofing loudly when I feel like to make them march on. I scare and I gnash and I bark and I bite. I pounce and I howl, I woof and I whine. It all smells like death and it all looks like red, and they all shuffle slowly and they all weep, and I sit on my post and snarl and watch; because I guard the gates of hell, to scare and to push, to smell out the good ones, and to stop them coming through. 