
I've only been to the Federal Maple Reserve once- and that was in fifth grade, for a field trip. I still remember the enormous cylindrical storage tanks, thousands of feet high, holding the precious resource. A resource that, through years of genetic engineering, we'd discovered how to rapidly create. Now, the forests of maple trees are more syrup than tree, like liquid oceans, tended to by teams of scientists during all hours of the day and night. And more precious than gold. The gaurd stopped unauthorized visits to the Maple Reserve after the terrorist attack of 2024- even I remembered seeing it on the news, as our schools were dismissed early and sirens sounded throughout our city. To destroy the reserve would be insanity. It was our greatest treasure. It was our lifeblood. But then again, insanity is what got us into this mess. I don't remember the world before the maple reserve, the old world as they call it. It still exists out there, *outside*. Apparently, they brought their destruction upon themselves- apparently, that's why we're now the only world power. Not through aggression, but through preservation. I've seen the others, the outsiders. Their hands pressed up against the barrier, their tools trying to chisel away at the protection that surrounds our city. But their tools are stone, and their hands shake, and their movements are weak. It's hard not to feel sorry for them, but then I remember what my father told me- they did it to themselves. And the maple, the maple spared us. Our schools compare it to the peanuts of the twentieth century, a food product that was developed into hundreds of uses until it became ubiquitous. In a similar way, that's how our maple works- when scientists discovered how to convert it to ambers, hardened forms with controllable properties. Amber discs form our currencies. Amber bricks build our houses, amber pipes our plumbing. And amber forms the dome that stretches high above us, cascading down to form the wall around our city. Twenty feet thick, the barrier blocks the intruders from the outside- and more importantly, it blocks the radiation, the embedded particles absorbing gamma rays and converting them to the visible spectrum to feed our maple farms. From there, the maple goes to the reserve. And from the reserve, it patches the dome, all part of the maple cycle we learned in second grade. According to my teachers, we alone are a single zit of civilization upon Earth's surface- far enough north to counteract climate change, elevated enough to escape the floods, and preserved in amber from the nuclear bombs. That we should be proud to be the last of humanity. The light in the darkness. But sometimes I wonder if the outsiders really deserved their fate. If we really are better, if we have reason to be proud. Or if we're just the ones with all the maple. *** By Leo If you liked my style, check out my [superhero story](https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/65jl9n/star_child_part_1/) from another prompt! 