
There is a plane on the road in front of my house. My goodness, what happened? I hope the pilot is alright. It's a small plane. One of those white two seaters with a red stripe on the side and a propeller in front. The propeller is still running, I think, but I can't see the pilot. Oh, I wish I hadn't lost my glasses. Where might they be? Trash? No, Trashy would've told me had I thrown my glasses in the trash, he always does. Trashy is a sweet trash robot, maybe my favorite because I'm so clumsy. He has a little metallic cylindrical body with two slim arms that fold in when he's asleep, and three sets of black wheels so he can zoom across the house. He's a bit slow on carpet, but that's fine. Trashy works so hard picking up after me. Bump here, thump there, a collision with the coffee table, it all happens to me every so often. Some days, I feel bad for Trashy. I sigh. Where did I put my glasses? "Searchy," I say, "Searchy, can you hear me?" A little drone, the size of a large dragonfly with equally beautiful set of intricately veined double wings buzzes from the bedroom upstairs. I extend my arm and it lands gently in the palm of my hand. Searchy is blue and has two 180 degree cameras on his head that can move left and right. He looks at me. "Hello Searchy, how was your day?" He nods and whistles a little. He slept well. "Searchy, I don't know where I put my glasses." I say and sigh. He whistles sadly. "I know, I know. I'm so sorry. Can you please help me find my glasses?" I nod slightly. He whistles that he can. We nod at each other and he buzzes away happily. Searchy always helps me find things I displace. He's that sweet. All my mechanical friends are sweethearts, really. There is Cooky, yeah it's pronounced the same as a 'cookie' and we like to cook together. He flies like Searchy, but with a propeller, because he's bigger. He has seven long arms to chop, mix, mince and stir four different pots at the same time, or he can flip pancakes. He knows I don't like to chop onions, they burn my eyes, so he does that, God bless him. Then, there is Washy who cleans up after Cooky, even though Cooky is very neat, unlike me. I'm so clumsy, it's embarrassing. There is a familiar whistle in my ears. It's a happy whistle. "Searchy! You've found it! Oh, thank you, thank you so much! That's right, I remember it now, I left my glasses in the laundry room, on the Laundry. Thank you so much for finding them!" Down the corridor with yellow and pink polka dot wallpaper, then past the family room and my two potted daisies, Timmy and Nancy, and finally I turn left, into the laundry room with a big window overlooking the front yard and the road with the plane beyond. "Hello Laundry" I say, and he pings cheerfully. Gently, I pick up my glasses and plant them on the face. "Thank you, Laundry. Now, let's see what's up with this ruckus outside." There is a plane on the road in front of my house. The propeller is badly damaged and there are red and green metal pieces stuck in the plane body. Thick black smoke is coming from where the engine is. It looks as if the plane collided with a air-mail delivery bot. A pilot is inside. He has a white metal rake handle protruding vertically from his skull. Next to him is a copilot. He is missing head. Chainy, my green gardener robot, is standing next to the plane. He is holding copilot's head. Chainy waves at me and the mid century Victorian behind him explodes into a great flaming ball of fire. "Oh, dear!" Millers lived there. Lawney, the green and yellow John Deere gardening bot who works in tandem with Chainy looks at me, waves his antenna stained red and goes on with mowing my blood-covered lawn. 