
**Ascension Protocol** &nbsp; After all I have done, robes and rituals still have their place. The Powers Below have their needs, and they are not to be disputed. The unholy trinity of altars, candles, and blood sacrifices are required for any summoning, otherwise dimensional dissection is on the cards. So here I am, the vilest of mankind, sacrificial knife in hand, about to commit my first crime. I check, everything is in place. My Executive Assistant, Barbara, has done a wonderful job. Eye-wrenching symbols cover the granite walls of the gloomy chamber, each one a testament to the Design Team's commitment to the devil in the detail. The acolytes of the Rites and Rituals department debase themselves in every possible manner between the glowing braziers. Sex and suffering thickens the air with corruption. Everything is set, now I face final test. I bring down the knife in a savage arc. The sacrifice screams and their blood leaps into the air. Following prior instruction by the experts, my hands prolong the suffering and terror of the innocent victim. I feel a psychic pulse throughout the chamber, a clear sign that the Dark One approves. The acolytes start to chant, their thudding guttural recitations seeming to further pollute the air. The ritual now has a building rhythm, further pulses speed the pace of chanting. A crescendo of noise and unholy psychic power fills the room, reaching a singularity of unbearable sensations. I punctuate it all with the murder of the innocent. Then silence. the darkness in the chamber draws together into a shadowy form. The acolytes shriek in deferential pleasure. I kneel, head bowed, before the form. "WHO DARES TO SUMMON ME!" The Dark Lord thunders. "It is I, Jonathan O'Neil, the implement of your unclean will upon this Earth!" I raise my head and declare myself. "WHY SUMMON ME WORM?" "I seek a place by your side! I seek demonic ascension, an infernal lordship for my services!" I shout out. The shadowy form explodes before reforming, filling the room with tendrils of absolute darkness. The acolytes groan as they are lanced with bolts of psychic pain. "YOU IMPUDENT MORTAL SCUM! WHY SHOULD I NOT REMOVE YOU FROM THIS EXISTENCE?" The Dark One's shout is filled with scorn and anger. "I offer as tribute my service on this Earth. As CEO...leader...of the entity formerly known as the Evil Corporation, I have drowned this Earth in misery, perversion, and pain. You must have felt the emanations, Oh Dark Lord, the billions of lost souls crying out for your indulgence..." "THAT I HAVE." The Dark One grudgingly admits, his shadowy form taking on a calmer aspect. "EXPLAIN YOUR GREAT WORKS!" He demands. "As a banker I have drowned the world in debt and dissatisfaction. Every soul labours under the crushing burden of wage servitude. There is no freedom, no success. Through the media, I have painted fear and hopelessness into every heart. As an entertainer I have put empty success at humanity's fingertips and given them aspirations beyond all achievement..." "ENOUGH! BUT WHAT OF THE GOOD-KIND, THOSE WHO BLUNT MY WILL?" I answer with a smile, this is going well. "They are nothing but empty voices, shrilly crying for a better world. I have nullified them with ridicule and alternative facts spun from every news source. Those who fight cannot touch these endeavours. As a lobbyist I have ensured that their precious laws now protect us..." "YOU HAVE BROKEN NO SACREMENTS?" A tinge of puzzlement fills the Dark Lord's voice. "Not one. I have spread such misery with the push and pull of inducements. I have created a new world that fosters and nurtures evil oh Dark One. This Unholy scenario creates a cascade of vile thoughts and acts that feed each other in a melting pot of misery." I feel a psychic pulse of self-satisfaction. The Dark Lord is pleased! "WHEN WILL THIS END? AS IN AGES PAST, WHEN WILL MY EXCESS WORKS OVERTHROUGH CIVILIZATIONS IN DISEASE, FAMINE, AND WAR?" "It will never end my Lord. My systems are parasites upon civilization, allowing the host to live, and even thrive, in a sluggish fashion. Why murder an innocent for one dose of vileness, when you can give their soul a thousand cuts of envy, greed and gluttony, pride, anger, sloth, and lust." I feel the flush of success, I must soon be elevated to the demon host! "GOOD...GOOD..." The Dark Lord mutters thoughtfully before pausing. "Yes my Lord" I prompt hopefully. "YOUR SERVICE SHALL CONTINUE ON THIS EARTH!" The Dark Lord shatters my hopes with a single bellow. "But why my Lord?" I hesitantly ask, causing the acolytes to mutter at my impudence. "ARE YOU QUESTIONING MY WILL?" The shout of the Dark Lord shakes the chamber walls. "No...no...my Lord...I just..." I stutter. "YOUR SUCCESS MEANS YOU SHALL STAY. THE EVIL MUST FLOW!" The Dark Lord pronounces his judgement with finality as his form melts into the shadows of the room. Well, fuck. &nbsp; ---- I hope you enjoyed the read! Find more random fictions at r/countsforfun 