
I woke to a crackling coming from outside of my bedroom. I sprang up out of bed, accidentally waking my wife, and ran into the hallway. As I came out of our doorway I squinted in the dark to see a small ball of black and brown reach out and paw at a pair of wires hanging out the wall. The little troublemaker had somehow taken the outlet cover off and was lucky she hadn't set the house on fire. Just then her playful paw swatted at the wires again, sending a sparks into the air and emitting the same crackling noise as before. "COOKIE," my wife shouted as she glides past me "can you stay away from danger for one night?" Picking up our cat stroking her coat, looking back at me as she turns toward the kitchen. "I'm putting her in her cage for the rest of the night, I have to go to work." "Alright," I groaned "I'm going back to bed." As I stumbled back to the bed I remember how recently the cat had been more troublesome. I'm not for putting cats in cages but this seemed like a necessary safety measure. Just the night before Cookie had knocked over a protein shake my wife made me before bed. Thinking back I thought of all the deeds she'd done, chewing up my work ties and even hiding my keys(still haven't been able to use my car). Hitting the mattress I became too tired to dwell on the others. I drifted off. The whining is what woke me this time. I didn't have the heart to listen to it so I let her out. My wife had left me another protein shake on the counter(I must have slept through the blender). Not that it mattered because the first thing cookie did was jump up and knock it to the floor. I was furious, not so much over the beverage, more over the broken glass. Fuming I knelt to clean it up. The shake had a strange aroma, one that reminded me of something but I couldn't quite place what. The anger triggered the memory of last night, so after wiping the floor, I walked back into the hallway. Drying my hands on a washcloth I knelt down next to the outlet. Strange I didn't remember it being there. I started to peel back the safety cover revealing a strange amount of wires.... too many. Cookie sulked into the hallway behind me, always on a mission to be in the way it seemed. I did my best to ignore her. The outlet must have had wires belonging to something on the other side of the wall. I stood up, cookies eyes looking pleadingly up at me. I threw the washcloth over her, that kitchen floor is gonna be sticky for a week. On the other side was the bathroom. Strangely enough the vanity covered the area the outlet would be. Trying to move it got me nowhere. So instead I opened the lower cupboard searching for something requiring electricity. Nothing. But the back of the cupboard seemed... odd. Touching it revealed a false back. Inside were vials, electrical wiring in spools, darts, bullets, syringes and a gun. All set up in rows. Beyond words I rushed to the bedroom for my phone ready to dial my wife's number. As I approached my nightstand I stepped on a hidden switch on my side of the bed. My heart stopped. All I felt was daggers in my calf, then my thigh and finally my chest. I looked down as cookie had finished her accent. I was just about to yell at her when I heard a click*. Out of the wall came a whisp of air and cookie tensed then fell onto the bed. My mind only registered one thing. The odor. It came to me. Every drink, cookie spilled on the floor smelled the exact same. Every new lipstick Cookie opened in the litter box, and each perfume bottle destroyed. The same. I thought it was just the carpet. I was wrong. I cradled her as she slowly lost consciousness, flipped her over and pulled out the dart. I didn't know what to think anymore. How I'd escape my wife or why she wanted me dead in the first place... But I knew one thing for sure, I'm saving this cat. Re: replied to a comment so posted sequel 2x -_(tsu)_/- 