
"Welcome, Mr. Johnson," said the beefy man on the opposite side of the table. "Please, take a seat." I couldn't help but notice his bull neck, and his arms knotted with muscles and bulging with veins. He had rolled up the sleeves on his suit, which hugged his bulky frame and looked like it was at least two sizes too small. His tattooed fingers tapped on a clipboard. I hoped this interview would go well. "Thank you," I said, sat down carefully. "How about we start by going over your CV? It says here that you have experience working at a gym." "Well... not much of a professional setting really... more of a couple of machines in my backyard..."" "So, you've worked a lot with amateurs? That's a very valuable experience to have as a gym instructor." "I didn't really instruct, though," I said, feeling the first drops of sweat on my forehead. "I mostly... you know, *just watched.*" "That's great! Observe before applying, that's actually our slogan!" Damn, I really didn't want this job; I had to put a stick in the wheel of this bicycle before it got completely out of control and I actually got hired. "I have zero people skills," I said, adjusting my tie. "An honest man!" He gave me a wide grin. "Honesty is obviously something we value greatly here at here at *Honest Workouts & Fitness*." "One time I stole Jeep and drove it into a tree!" Desperation was getting to me now, so I sputtered stuff that I hoped would deter him. "Driver's License - check!" He filled in the boxes on his clipboard. "Survivor's Instincts - check!" "I hate my family; I despise authority; I'm really slothful and inept!" "That's awesome, the fact that you hate your family means you'll work longer hours. You're independent and can think for yourself, very good. Many of our customers are lazy, you'll be able to connect with them on a different level!" "There are voices in my head!" I crossed my eyes, trying to look crazy. The noose was tightening. I felt like I was being backed into a corner. I cursed inwardly. "A religious man," he said, nodding approvingly. I felt myself sinking through the floor, my hopes and dreams fading. This man was relentless, he had the answer for everything - I was as good as hired already. "You know what, fuck off, you dumb sack of muscles," I said weakly. "Sweet, you've got attitude," he said and got up. "As an instructor, you need to be able to take the lead." He held out his hand. I'd completely messed up this interview. Salty tears blurred my vision. With reluctance, I stretched my hand out. "I... watch *anime*," I whispered. "What the hell did you just say?!" His rugged face turned red and his eyes bulged out of their sockets. "What do you think this is? Get the hell off the property, before I snap your puny-ass neck!" 