
Roger ran his fingers over the smooth dermo-plastic of the android's thigh. Her muscles tensed by the touch of his fingertips, and tiny goosebumps prickled up. There was something special about building such an advanced creature from nothing -- it made him feel powerful, almost divine. The surgical lights in the ceiling glittered in the reflection on his scalpel. With a quick cut, he sliced through her perfect skin, drawing a stream of synthetic blood that trickled down into the table drain. It pained him to ruin such a flawless texture, but this was a job. Roger glanced over at the image board again. So much scar tissue and awkwardly healed skin. He wondered what had happened to the girl in the photo. The clients never provided a background or medical history -- just pictures and brain scans. Sometimes he fantasized about what the small blemishes on the skin meant. He'd become quite good at drawing parallels between the scans and the photos. Some cuts were self-inflicted, others were marks of survival or mistakes. Sculpting the skin of an android was like following a map. Often they led to new insights, or opened the window into a person's life. But this girl's scars were different, and Roger couldn't decide what had caused them. He was just about to start cutting again when the phone rang. Cursing, he dropped the knife and wriggled out of his gloves before exiting the operation room. "Welcome to Artificial Angel -- this is Dr. Lowick speaking," Roger said. "What?" the voice of a teenage boy said on the other end. Roger sighed and repeated what he'd just said and then added, "How can I help you?" "I... I was looking into my dad's microscope and... and I found this number on my skin." Roger swore inwardly. "Where is your dad now?" "Um... I don't know?" Roger rolled his eyes and stepped over to the client database. Some people just didn't listen. There were extensive mental repercussions when an android got compromised. With the level of neglect some parents showed, it didn't surprise him that the originals had died. "What's your name, kid?" Roger said. "Joseph Gardener..." the boy mumbled. "Why is there a number...?" "You need to get your dad on the phone." The doctor scrolled through the clients. "He's not here." The boy's voice quaked with impatience and confusion. "Why is there a number?" "Listen, Joe," Roger said. "Can you sit down for a bit, and I'll explain everything." "Right, fine." A clatter came from the other end. "Okay, yeah, I'm sitting. What now?" Roger opened the file and looked at the picture of a blond boy in his early teens. He was the son of one 'Anthony Gardener' and had died twenty years ago. The boy on the phone was one of the first replacements that Artificial Angel had created, and had been thirteen years old for nineteen years now. "Hello?" Joseph said. "Are you there?" "Yes..." Roger said, scrolling through the client file. He finally reached the bottom and cleared his throat. "Lilac Meridian 23-133-17." Another clatter came from the other end of the call. Roger looked at the watch and waited in silence for a full minute. "Joseph, are you there?" No answer. "Good," he mumbled and hung up. The doctor wriggled out of his coat, and exited the laboratory. He'd have to make a visit to the Gardener's and make sure that Joseph worked as he should after the forced shut down. *** r/Lilwa_Dexel for more of my stories 