
"I'm fucking tired of your shit Nikky, I can't take this anymore!" "Really, you're so fucking tired of me that you're crono-freezing yourself till I'm dead? Really? That's an all-time low for you James!" "Does this face look like it gives a shit?" "It looks like it-" "You know what, don't answer that. I'll just tell you, I couldn't give less of a shit. Now shut the fuck up and leave." The scientist behind the monitor took a big sigh as he watched them go back and forth. "I'm never settling down." He whispered to himself. "Mr. Becker are you ready?" He asked with more than a hint of begging. Nikky turned to him in a furry, "Are you seriously letting him do this? Jump forward to a time when I'm dead so he doesn't have to divorce me and face the court fees? This has to be illegal, I mean this thing was made to skip global pandemics and shit, world catastrophes. Not stuff like this." "Not only that, remember you can't sell my stuff while I'm under the ice. I've already told my lawyer everything that needs to be routinely checked on. That's the American law baby, greatest country ever made." Nikky looked at the scientist hoping he'd see her case. "Ma'am I'm not a lawyer, I just put him under. He said when his wife is dead so that's what we key it on. Don't like it, talk to corporate." James rolled over to look at the scientist."Yes speaking of putting me under, can we do that now? Like, hurry please." The scientist looked relieved. "Yes sir, dropping you under keyed on the condition of your wife's death. Going under in 10, 9, 8.." "Oh and Nikky, if you lay a hand on my baseball cards, I'll piss on your grave" Nikky ran to the window of his cell with angry tears in her eyes. "You're going to pay for this you greedy bitch! Trust me, when you come back, this world isn't going to be the same!" James yawned behind the glass. "3, 2, 1 ..." "James you petty bastard!" *** James opened his eyes to a humongous light blinding him. "Oh what the fuck, get that light out of my face, for god sake!" A mechanical voice replied to him. "Welcome back Mr -JAMES BECKER- you have been asleep for -350- years." "Excuse me, fucking what?" A large clunky robot rolled over towards his cell, "Your clothes can be found be-" James shot up from his cell in anger, "350 fucking years! That's impossible!" "Records show your stipulation was -DEATH OF WIFE- and that this event occurred yesterday at -05:00- shall I ask for personal assistance for you?" "You're godamn right I want personal assistance." Immediately after saying this a woman in a large labcoat burst through the doors behind his cell, "Ah Mr. Jameson, glad you're awake. Some people were saying that humans couldn't survive while under that long. Glad to see you proved them wrong champ." "Why the fuck was I under 350 years? My wife was 40, at worst I should've been under another 80 years!" "Oh, you mean Nikky? Yes, the poor thing died at 63, actually. Records say she went instane. So sad." "Then why the fuck wasn't I woke up then?" "Well you said you wanted to be woke up when your wife died right?" James gave her an obvious look. "Mr. Becker, you see after went under, Mrs. Becker was very upset. So upset that she decided she couldn't live with society as it were anymore. So she sent herself under as well." "Are you... Are you fucking kidding me! That has to be illegal, she better not have bothered my shit!" "Excuse me your what?" "My stuff, the reason I did all this in the first place! Did she sell my stuff! Oh, that good for nothing lawyer! I knew he wouldn't watch my stuff!" "Sell? I'm sorry sir I don't understand, no one has sold anything for years... Oh Nevermind, I'm sorry. I'm forgetting you're ancient." "No one has sold anything... Wait, what the hell was her stipulation?" "Well, Mrs. Becker said that she couldn't handle how materialistic everyone was anymore. So she put herself under with the condition of being awakened when society finally moved away from personal belongings and becomes a full united communistic world! It seemed like a long shot, but luckily for her, it actually happened rather a quicky, as soon as the aliens arrived humanity wisened up and denounced personal belongings. Charming isn't it?" "Aliens? Communist!?! Wait, so you're telling me that all my stuff is gone?" "Why yes, I suppose so. Everyone shares now." "And my baseball cards?" "Baseball cards? Oh, I'm sure those were recycled, baseball has been dead for decades." James was shaking with rage, how could society move on from baseball? "And my wine I was fermenting for when I woke up?" "Wine? Alcohol has been banned for decades as well. No one drinks anymore." James shook his head in despair, what has the world came too? He was about to faint, but before he did he managed to yell out one more sentence: "Nikky you petty bitch!" EDIT: credit to /u/XTJ7 for catching a plot whole. Fixed 