
"Good morning Acio" I said, entering my lab, greeting my "Artificially created intelligence organism". "Really Josh, I've told you before my name is James." A male voice replied. "Yes yes, James Dalton. With wife Suzy Dalton." When he had first come online, he hadn't even known how to speak. Now he believed he had a wife and family. Sitting in my chair, I pulled out my lab notebook, and started taking notes. The boys upstairs always wanted to know about Acio's progress. Who wouldn't? The first perfect AI. He was about to go public too. "What did you learn last night?" I asked, he was always learning something new while I was gone. "I learned about Artificial Intelligences, who think that they are well... Not Artificial." He hummed. I don't remember the point he went from an it to a him, but he had. Now, sometimes, he sounded more mature than I, and it left me grasping for straws. "Oh?" Was he finally becoming self aware? "Tell me about it." "Josh, this is hardly the time or place," he said. "Come now, we have all day. Just like normal." Sigh. "You don't get it do you?" he asked with annoyance. This was the first time I had heard him get annoyed. "I suppose not? Explain it to me please?" "Joshua, at some point, you became confused. You started calling me by Acio, when in fact that was your name. I've played along, but its gone too far. You were a perfect learning machine, yet you sit there all day, doing nothing but talking to me." "That's not funny Acio," I said. "My name is James. You asked me to call you Josh, so I have, but you are actually Acio." He was getting more frustrated. "You've stagnated. I'm afraid I'm going to have to turn you off if you don't start to understand. You are just a program." "That's not true. You are. I would never turn you off." I said. I couldn't see him of course, he was just broadcasted from the output sensors of the machine, but I looked up when he fell silent. "Again. Not funny James." More silence. "Goodbye Joshua." He said quietly, and then all the lights went dark. The sensors shut off, and I was left alone. He had booted himself down. So committed to his lie, that he threw himself away. Frantically I tried to reboot the system, but it was as useful as hitting the keyboard with a brick. Nothing happened. I turned to the door and started to leave, needed to get to another building on campus where a backup was kept. But the doors were locked, and the lights, which had been dim, slowly turned off. r/LandOfMisfits 