
[[FINE, I'll make a part 2]] [[Gold Edit: *Really?* You folks are out of your minds! I'd like to thank /u/I_dont-get_the-joke for the prompt and everyone for their encouragment as I smashed out the following chapters. I will be continuing the story on my [sub](/r/Zigzagstories) which is also listed at the end of this entry. I'll be writing more tomorrow and fear not, we'll all get to see how this first date goes! Happy reading and writting, redditors :D]] "I mean...she *looks* pretty good." Matt gazed down at the phone a second time as he saw the exponential distance between him and this strange, blue skinned beauty grow closer. At first he had just assumed she was one of those professional cosplayers. The sort of woman who attended Comi-Con or big anime conventions all dressed up and ready to look good for the cameras. Of course, he wasn't a fool. Nine of out ten times the beautiful woman on the other end of the swipe was a false account looking to phish. Or worse. A gorgeous woman looking for some free Chipotle. He scanned through her pictures again and began to notice things he should have paid more attention to. If her pictures had been from a private photoshoot at a convention, it had been one hell of a set or backdrop being used by the photography team. There were starships she seemed to be a mechanic for and then exotic landscapes she seemed to be hiking through. He brought the phone in for a closer look and studied her picture, he wasn't sure what she was eating but it looked a lot more adventurous than the buffet sushi he normally brought first time tinder matches to. Double-checking the distance counter he boggled to see she was, in fact, drawing nearer. Matt's roommate, George, had been peaking over his friend's shoulder through much of the past few seconds. He was connecting the dots at almost the same speed that Matt could. Apparently, they were about to make first contact. "Well...should you use *Axe* or *Old Spice*?" George started. Matt looked off into the blank wall, head swirling at the thought. Was he about the be the ambassador of an entire species on Earth? Would the first thing she smelled be the most important detail about him? Clearly she liked what she saw, but what was it she saw? He scanned back down at his profile picture, him at a rock-climbing-gym. He looked healthy with his tank-top and chalky hands and his boyish smirk, that same troublemaker grin had sealed the deal more than once. Had it sealed something he couldn't contain? He stood to wander off and shower, muttering under his breath. "*Should I bring her to Chipotle or Chillis?*" George's brow raised at the notion. "Do...do you think she'll be able to pay for her half?" He started Matt hadn't even taken his clothes off when he stepped into the shower. Steam began to rise around him as his shirt stuck to his torso and water sloshed over his form. The bathroom door was still wide open and George looked after his lost friend with bewilderment. He tried to go on. "Maybe she's just looking for an exotic fling thing. C'mon man, you can't let this get in your head!" George meandered over to the bathroom, picking up Matt's phone from the edge of the sink and almost glaring at the mysterious profile again. She was at 102 now. George had never done very well in math class, but he could recognize how impossibly fast that sort of travel was. He absentmindedly scratched the back of his head and set the phone back down. Without another word he pulled out the Old Spice deodorant bar and then headed into Matt's room to select some clothes to wear. If his roommate was about to become the booty ambassador of Earth, George sorely didn't want his friend to disappoint the galaxy. ------- If you liked this story and are looking for other weird sci-fi or *Humanity, f-ck yea!* writing, please check out /r/zigzagstories ! 