
I knew love never had eyes. Being blind I had to embrace mine. He came from nowhere it felt like. "Oh, excuse me," I said. "It's no problem most people can't see me anyway. You get used to it," he replied so casually it made me curious. Soon conversation led to a date. I found out his name was Relin, odd but charming. Though I will say people and their rudeness made enjoying the night difficult. "Um, ma'am and will your date be joining you later?" The host asked. I frowned and replied flatly, "He's right next to me! Are you the blind one?" The host gave me more difficulty, but eventually gave us a booth. "Sheesh, he was being a real dick," I said to Relin, but he was quiet. I could hear whispers around me, "Who's she talking to?" "She must have an imaginary friend?" "Or she's just crazy maybe..." After a while our waitress came up to the table, "Hello, welcome to Navara. What can I get for you to drink this evening miss?" "We'll have two cups of ice water please." She paused as if confused. "If you have a date coming. I can just bring their drink when they come," she said politely. It still pissed me off, "Look I won't tell you people again. He is right there!" I lay may hand on the table and smile warmly as I feel his hand on mine. "Uh... Ok well I'll be sure to have the drinks right out," she said awkwardly and I could practically feel her eyes scanning the scene of us uncomfortably. "Sophia, there's something I need to tell you," Relin said in his heavy but melodic voice. "I'm listening Relin," I replied calmly as my heart began to race in my chest. "About tonight. The way people have been acting towards us there's a reason for it...." I leaned forward, more so out of curiosity than straining to hear him. "When I met you I told you not many people can see me," he went on. I nodded to show I was following, but I was confused of as to where he was going so I asked, "You're not going to tell me your some kind of criminal are you? Because you can change. I have more than enough and-" He cut me off with a soft chuckle and said, "It's not that people just don't see me. They literally can't." I laughed myself thinking he was leading into some great satirical joke. He wasn't. "I'm an invisible man from another dimension. I've been trapped here for over ten years now, but my wavelength never fully set in. Most people cannot see or feel me." "I-I don't understand. Why are you telling me all of this?" I could feel him lean forward intently, clasping my hand a little tighter. "Only you can help me Sophia. This love we share is not normal. You bumped into me because your wavelengths were similar to mine. That is how I can become visible, but that doesn't mean I'll be a pretty sight." He paused and let out a slow sigh, "I don't even remember what I look like to be honest. But in our embrace I should be able to synchronize my wavelength with your plane." "Are you human?" I asked him simply. He seemed caught off guard but answered, "I am. Different, but very much human." I set my hands on the table and let my mind's eye look at his soul. "Then none of this matters. Relin, love is blind." 