
Kira pressed his back tightly to the damp stone wall, clutching his sword in one hand and a torch in the other. It was the moment he'd been waiting for his entire life; what years of turmoil and training had brought him to. The climax of his existence. Something clinked from the adjacent room, like a dropped purse of gold, followed by a low growl and strange chittering. The smell of wet mineral and sulfur filled his nose, a chill setting into his spine. He took a deep breath and lunged around the corner to fight a dragon. It was every bit as awesome as he'd expected, and so much more. A jaw big enough to house him comfortably, an onyx tail longer than he was tall, thick and scaly-- there was even a low flame lit at the end of it --and, above all else, it was beautiful. Blacker than night, shimmering scales with silver-tipped starlight, like a dark amethyst. It stole the breath from his chest, thus ironically robbing the fabled thief. He stood before it, awe-struck and dazed. How could anyone fight such a magnificent beast-- no, *why* would anyone? It was so impossibly perfect, so limitless in its wonder, so enrapturing with its majesty. Why would anyone kill such a creature? Kira shifted his weight unintentionally, a silver coin grating between his iron boot and a jagged piece of stone. The sound carried through the expansive room, bouncing off every wall, and the dragon cracked a single eye. It was a soul-stealing crimson singed with yellow, like it had rocks for eyes that turned molten in its head. He froze, daring not to move, blink or breathe. It watched him through a sleepy eye, snorting, then opened it further. It's massive head rose sharply, looking at him, cocked. Kira's heart was frozen, a single moment of terror hanging, drawn out into infinity as his eyes met the great beast's in that dim dungeon cell. Then, it came. Gods, it was fast, faster than anything that enormous has any right to be. It lumbered toward him, and in that moment, Kira realized he'd made an enormous mistake. What experience did he have to think himself fierce enough to clash with something so powerful and glorious? At the end of the day, he was just a glorified farmhand with big dreams and even bigger holes to fill in his heart. The beast closed in on him within moments. Wind rushed up to him in a torrent of cracking talons on rock, scratching and scraping. He closed his eyes, waiting for the inevitable. But death did not take him. He pried one open, and the dragon had stopped a few feet away. Its tongue hung slack from its jaw, a pink waterfall cascading through massive teeth. Two crimson eyes focused on his torch, making it look dim by comparison. He waved it from side to side, and the beast's gaze followed. Kira threw it, high and hard, over the dragon and into the back of the room. It became a whirlpool abyss, spinning and clambering toward it, then quickly returned to him with the torch in its mouth. The dragon lowered its head, dropping the torch at his feet, then, with a great rumble that sent Kira askew, dropped to the ground and rolled onto its back. It panted, tongue dangling, and stared at him, waiting. He stared back at it, confused. "What the bloody hell is happening?" he asked, aloud for some reason, then bolted through the archway, screaming for his life. The dragon flopped back over and tried to follow, sticking his head into the hallway. But, alas, his body was too big to fit through such small corridors. And so he curled back up on his bed of gold, giving a half-hearted whine of defeat. Why did everyone always run away? It was never like that before, in the other world. There, everyone always wanted to give him belly rubs and pets. It must've been the new body, so big and scary and not very soft. He had a good feeling, though. That man was the first to play fetch with him in years, and it felt wonderful. Maybe he'd come back one day soon. After all, he'd been in such a hurry, he left his sword and pack behind! ---- Part II below! [final part here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/resonatingfury/comments/bgkvkz/wp_in_your_lifetime_stories_of_ordinary_people) */r/resonatingfury* 