
"We're losing him!" The muffled cries rang out within the dimly lit room. My two grandchildren, Austin and Abel, peered down at my wrinkled, cracked face. "Papi! Papi, papi...." Papi. The words rang and bounced around my head, as my vision slowly faded into white. I could no longer hear anything, except for that one word. "Papi, papi...." Blackness. It must've been years that I'd been in that void, before I got any sensation. The word was maddening. "Papi, papi..." No heaven. No hell. Just papi. "HEY!" My eyes miraculously opened, revealing a dusty old wooden ceiling, with LED lights flashing around the shed. "Papi's awake Mercuto! Look at this!" A large, bi-pedal monster of a creature peered at me with amused, void-like eyes. "Dude, you must've been out for like, thirty minutes or something! How was the trip?" I was confused. "Who-who are you? Where the fuck am I?" I started to have a panic attack, exasperating heavily. "Woah woah woah, chill out man," the seemingly high alien pressed. "Must've been some side-effect of that shit that Lerunga sold us. Just relax man." I wheezed, coughing at the smell of whatever drugs these fuckers we're taking. "My wife... My grandchildren... where the hell are they!? And why do I have this- bong!?" I flailed my arms out, only to be horrified at the sight of tentacles. "Holy shit..." Everything started coming back to me. I was a Goactzrim of Sector 75x, within the Andromeda Galaxy. I was four hundred thousand years old, fairly young for my species, but well beyond my "human years". I was also a stoner. "Oh my gosh, you won't fucking believe what I just went through, Eziblierg! I was a... human? They're like the primates of this planet, but they're bi-pedal like us. I had a whole family, went through school, owned a Yacht... All on this planet called "Earth". Damn man, I almost forgot I was a Goactzrim for a second there. You gotta stay off that shit, it's dangerous!" I laughed. Mercuto looked at me, a bit shocked. "Did you say you were a human- when you hit that stuff!? Dude..." I was a bit confused. "What about it? It's probably some made up shit anyways." "No, I'm serious. Like 10 minutes ago, DNN just reported that they've found some alien technology on H-356... Its got the name, 'Voyager 1.'" I freaked out. "Yo! I remember that shit, they launched it back in the 70s! You probably don't even know what the '70s' is, now that I think about it..." Mercuto grew pale. "DUDE QUIT FREAKING ME OUT!" He was visibly shivering. "The hell's your problem man?" Eziblierg asked. "You need to keep that shit to yourself man... don't let the council hear you talking about that! Fuck, fuck, fuck..." There was a knock at our door. When nobody answered, the door was kicked down. Empress Mayogria stood before us, with fifteen armed officers beside her. "Papi Azcleim? We need you, and that capsule of yours. Now." 