
"Detective, someone is trying to set me up. I rather you knew before your people started a manhunt for my head." The masked hero crouched in the poorly lit street corner. "What does this mean? What did you find?" The detective stood a few meters apart, unmoving. "There's too much evidence pointing at me." The hero said rasply. "But we could not find anything at the crimescenes." "The witnesses." "We've asked around already, nobody saw anything." "You didn't ask everyone." He puased. "George, the homeless man on Elden street, he saw something - someone, to be more precise." "George is crazy, everyone knows that." "That's exactly why you didn't find anything, no one cared enough to question him, but he was there - at the night of the Samson's couple murders. He saw everything." "What did he tell you?" "Not much. But he did see a black, winged creature with white markings fall from the sky on top of the unaware couple." "Just like..." The detective wrinkled his forehead seriously. "Yours truly." The winged hero said matter of factly, letting the words sink in the detective's mind before continuing. "There was one more thing. The sound." "The one all the witnesses have heard?" "Exactly. George said that the creature was the source of the noise." "And?" "By the description of the noise - 'a high pitched, deafening coo' - it is too damn close to my ultrasonic emitters." "Even with that information - that's not enough evidence. Did you find any physical evidence?" The man in the shadows shook his head. "He's good, he leaves no traces behind." "Do you think the Jokester's behind this?" "That's not his style - he is not one to work out of the shadows. But with him - you can never know." "Question Man, then?" "Not his style. It's too dark for him, Question Man doesn't murder just like that." "Who then?" "Who?" Owlman stepped out of the shadows, revealing red, sleepless eyes under his part black, part white mask. "I don't know." "Jesus, you need to go to sleep." The detective was taken aback. "Crime doesn't sleep. And the copycat always seems to hunt when I'm least expecting him." "You need to clear your head - if there's someone who can catch this monster, it is you - but the city needs you when you're at your best." The detective took a deep breath, and added with concern in his voice. "You need to rest, Owlman." "Perhaps." Owlman turned his back to the detective, spreading his black, white feathered wings, before taking off to the dark night. &#x200B; __________ Feedback is always welcome! Edit: Thank you for the gold, and thank you for all the love, guys. This is what keeps me writing! Thank you! 