
"I've figured out your weakness, Dark Lord!" I screamed out, pulling out a pistol. "Your reign ends here!" It was hard to see his facial expression in the darkness, but I thought I saw fear flash across his face. I smiled and raised the pistol. "Prepare to...," I found my words trialing off as Dave calmly took three steps backward and threw himself backwards off the roof. Dashing to the edge of the roof, I gazed over the precipice. He was on the ground, groaning in pain, but I could already see his broken limbs reassembling themselves. "Damn it!" I shouted to myself. I couldn't get a clear shot from this high up. And if I tried taking the staircase down, he might already escape by the time I reached the bottom of the castle. There was only one thing to do. I gritted my teeth and threw myself off the roof as well. As soon as I hit the ground, I screamed in agony as I felt my legs shatter under me. Still, I never let go of the pistol. I had to do this, to bring an end to the Age of Terror. Dave was almost healed and was slowly limping away from me. I raised my gun and emptied an entire clip right into the back of his head. And with that, the Dark Lord collapsed in front of me in a pool of his own black blood. I breathed a sign of belief and let go of the pistol. The Lost Prophecy had been correct about his weakness. Finally, the Dark Lord's reign had come to an end. Then, I felt a cold chill run down my spine as I heard the sound of someone chuckling. Dave raised his head from the floor, the multiple bullet wounds in his face already healed. "Impossible," I whispered to myself. "The prophecy said -- " "Ah yes, the Lost Prophecy," said Dave, still chuckling. He raised his hand and I watched as the pistol I had been using fly out of my reach. "How does it go again? *The Dark Lord's only weakness are the pistols forged from Damascus steel hidden in the Twilight Forest. Aim for the head*." He sneered at me and pulled out his sword as he approached me. "You heroes always get the meaning wrong. My weakness isn't the bullets, it's the gun itself. You would have won if you had just tossed it at me." He paused and gave me a condescending look. "Any last words?" "Yeah," I said, reaching into my jacket. "That wasn't my only gun." 