
"Mmhmm, okay lets play!" Emma squealed excitedly. Death shook his head involuntarily under his hood at her enthusiasm but caught itself before letting its reaction show on its face. "What game shall we wager?" Death asked. Emma being freed from the excruciating pain from the events earlier in the day was smiling and admiring the parts of her body which had become anew. She was free from the haunting strobe light memory flickering to grotesque scenes of her tibia extruding from her shin, a pool of blood spreading on her favorite dress, and the view of rapidly passing rectangular light boxes which eventually faded to black. "Did you fix me?" she looked up inquisitively as she asked. Death replied in monotone, "A question is not an answer to the question. Pick a game." "Well you say cheating is okay but I always hated when Julie cheated but she always won so I want to try it but you have to promise me not to get mad," Emma blabbered. "Let's play Rock, Paper, Scissors!" "Wise are the ones to leave fate up to chance. Any other conditions? Best of 3?" Death said. Death took a liking to this simple game. Seldom had the dying spirit chose this game instead opting for higher chances of survival. Death found it amusing that humans, who did nothing to enrich their soul but rather spent time on accumulating wealth, had such a deep desire to retain their undeveloped worthless soul. "No just once. Ready?" Emma held her fist up, "On three. Not after. Like one, two, three and when we say three you put your hand out. We both say 1-2-3. One..." Death repeated after her catching up to her rhythm. "Two." They said in unison. Death looked up at her eyes which were focused intensely on its own. "Three!" Death having sensed no malice from Emma simply threw out its favorite, scissors. But looking down at the skeletal hand flexed in bunny ears it saw or rather did not see Emma's hand. "I pick rock!" Emma shouted over giggles. She put her fist out next to Death's scissors. "You lose! Julie taught me this one. It made me really mad and I called her a cheater but she said 'no *you* not *we* put your hand out,' and when I went to mommy crying Julie just laughed. You promised you won't be mad." Death stood silent. Emma's spirit faded away back towards the realm of the living. "Innocence of children; I lose to you yet again." 