
When humans evolved, like most sapient predators we domesticated our closest rivals. In our case, wolves. Pack hunters, with thick hide and vicious teeth. Humans have none of that. The Cylaxian that was currently beating the brakes off of the Bolvian did have those things. It looked most akin to a sort of giant sloth, if such a thing had pig-bristly hair and tusks the size of a forearm. The Bolvian had none of these things. It was, by nature, a rarity: a fully herbivorous hand-flyer. Or was. The Cylaxian had broken one of its ophidian-scaled hand-wings. They were ambush predators. They dropped down on their prey and attacked in a flash of might. And despite their dopey looks and size, they were fast, too. Jordan walked up behind the Cylax and cleared his throat. "You really fucked up today, Cylax. I'm placing you under arrest." Those scything tusks turned to Jordan. Took in his Enforcer uniform. And then he was off like a shot, tearing off across the poured-concrete lot. Jordan touched his lapel, activating his throat mic. "Dispatch, this is Unit fifty four, in pursuit of a Cylaxian boar, additional medical needed for injured Bolvian hen. No additional officers required." To the whimpering, multi-hued shape on the ground, he said, "Stay here, please, medical is on it's way, and they can fix your wing." Then he took off, not at the tearing pace of the Cylaxian, but at a resolute jog, a distance-eating lope. The Bolvian, her body going numb with pain, could only think to herself that Jordan would never catch them if that was as fast as their legs could take them. Two minutes later, the Cylaxian came to a heaving stop, throwing itself on the cool concrete to soak up some of its rampant body heat. Four minutes later, just as it was starting to pick itself up again, it heard the steady thump thump thump of Enforcer boots. Its head came down, scanned the area. Surely the biped couldn't have followed him. Those things were always so disgustingly slow. Still, better safe than in a penal cube. The Cylaxian took off again, sides heaving as it desperately tried to cool itself down. Jordan spent the eight minutes after calling in the pursuit in, well... pursuit. But now the Cylaxian was so exhausted it could barely limp. He could catch it walking, at this point. And it knew. With a growling rumble, it slumped to the ground, too empty and too hot to run, or even limp, further. Panting, gasping, it formed the words of Tradetongue. "H-how? You can't be that fast... you're p-prey, biped. How did you ca-catch me?" Jordan came to a stop perhaps ten feet away. His breathing was a touch fast, but certainly not anywhere near exhausted. "You know, this right here is how humans used to hunt big game, before we really got started on toolmaking. We are endurance hunters. I can keep a pace like that up all. Day. Long. Now, you have the right to refuse communication. All forms of communication, including pheromones and EM bursts, can and will be held against you in a court of law..." 