
I could feel their stares, even through my shroud. Every ten days I'm reminded why I despise re-stocking so much; it makes my skin crawl when they gawk at me like some kind of caged animal. It was bad enough I had to speak to them, but the staring simply made the whole experience much more unpleasant than it needed to be. This is why I read. Books don't stare, and they sure as hell don't lie, cheat, steal or murder like people do. They don't sweat or have poor hygiene, aren't clumsy or tardy. And even the most mundane book I've ever read (a genealogy of a particularly innocuous magical family) held my interest better than the small talk of the townsfolk. As I shuffled towards the grocer's as quickly as possible, I heard a loud *thwack* as something wooden fell on the cobbled paving. Curiosity getting the better of me, I turned around to investigate. A road sweeper had dropped his broom, but he didn't seem to notice. No, he was too busy gawking at me. Typical. Shaking my head, I continued along my path until I finally arrived at a sign that read "Kelric and sons, established 12e8". These idiots couldn't even print the sign right. Or were they proud of the fact that they'd been open for just a year? Celebrating mediocrity is another thing I couldn't stand about them. Sighing deeply, I pushed open the door and was greeted by the chiming of a bell. That must be new, I hadn't heard that last time. I made my way towards the counter and placed my list on it, along with a few gold coynes for payment . As usual, I expected to hear shuffling behind the counter as Kelric went about fulfilling the order without speaking, as was our agreement. Instead, I heard nothing. Without looking up, I rapped my knuckled against the counter to get Kelric to hurry up. What was taking him so long today? I was shocked when, instead of scurrying to get my items, I heard a soft, meek voice speak. "erm...sorry sir! blimey, Pa *did* say you'd come...I've messed everything up, haven't I?" I paused before replying. I didn't want to sound too off-putting. I relied on these people for my supplies, after all. "You're not Kelric" I eventually managed to say, hoping that would put an end to the conversation. "Yes sir. I mean, not the Kelric you know, sir. I'm his son." Another pause. "Where's Kelric? The other one?" This time, it was *his* turn to pause. "He passed away last year, sir. I've taken over the shop. Anyway, sorry sir! I'll get your groceries straight away!" I was touched. Kelric and I had an understanding, and he'd explained that to his son, seemingly. The younger Kelric returned after a few minutes, bag of groceries in one hand, pouch of coynes in change in the other. He handed me both with a look on his face that was hard to deciper. Thanking him, I tried to make my way to the door as swiftly as possible, to avoid any questions that may be coming...but I was too late. "Sir, may I please ask..." "Fine, quickly" I grunted. I'd hoped to have as little interaction as possible. "It's just...sir...do you practice magic at all?" the tremble in his voice made it difficult to make out the last of what he said. The question caught me off guard. My mind went back to that day a few months prior. Finally, I replied "Once. I tried my hand at magic, but failed. Any other questions or may I leave?" "Sorry to keep you sir! Just...one more. What magic did you try?" I was at the end of my patience. "If I answer, will you promise to never ask me anything again?" I had to put an end to this. "Certainly sir, I'm sorry I asked!" I could see the regret in his eyes. Not wanting to push away the man who I was beholden to for my groceries, I replied. "It's fine. I don't like talking to people. Anyway, to answer your question...the magic I tried was a spell to slow time whenever I read. It failed, as you can probably tell." His eyes shot up and I could see the muscles of his jaw twitch, but I left before he could ask another question. That was painful, and all I could take for now. Perhaps next time, he won't be so chatty. Hopefully. Closing the door behind me, I hurried back up the cobbled pavement to my library. ------- If you enjoyed this story and would like to see more from me, please consider subscribing to my subreddit [here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/phreaklikeme/) 