
The time had finally come. Saying his farewells, the soldier left the safety of his friends and marched into the center of the battlefield, alone. He could see the opposing forces staring him down, but he did not falter. Then, one of them, a foot-soldier much like himself, stepped forwards. "Look at that fool, standing all alone! Perhaps he will be the first to die! Though certainly not the last!" The soldier felt fury rising inside him at the sound of the enemy's taunts. He nearly charged the lines himself, until he felt a friendly hand on his shoulder. Turning back, he saw a knight from his own army, giving him a reassuring grin. "Do not let them incite you. Many of us will die today, but I promise you, their corpses shall litter this field far more than our own." The soldier nodded and returned the grin. Charging in on his own would be suicide, and then how could he say he made a difference in this glorious battle? He would stand his ground until the right time came. And come it did. Hardly a moment later, a spear-wielding foot-soldier came charging out of the enemy lines, his weapon leveled directly at the brave soldier's chest. The soldier sidestepped the strike with ease, and plunged his shortsword into the enemy's neck. The sound of rapid footsteps caused him to look up. The taunting soldier from before was charging him! The spearman must've been a ruse, to catch him off-guard. Realizing there was no time to block or dodge the assault from the taunter, the soldier closed his eyes and accepted oblivion. His last thought was that he was the first. The first to slay one of the enemy. For that honor, he would gladly die a hundred times. "NO!" a soldier shouted. That was his friend, his best friend! Enraged, he readied his sword and buckler, and charged towards the taunter. But the bastard was ready. He blocked the blow expertly, and so their deadly dance began. Sword clashed on shield, shield pushed against sword, and around them, the battle raged. One of the good army's paladins struck down an enemy cleric, only to be killed by the famous Warrior-Queen of the Onyx Crown. Then, a mage of the Ivory Throne began to cast a powerful spell that would have blasted the Onyx Queen to pieces. However, before he could finish the spell, he was intercepted by a lancer from the Onyx army. Seeing an opportunity, the soldier made a decision. The taunter was but one soldier. It was better to kill a vulnerable enemy quickly than to spend the entire battle trying to kill a well-prepared foe, no matter one's personal feelings of vengeance. With that, he broke apart from his opponent and charged towards the lancer. He cut him down before the lancer could so much as raise a hand to protect his face. But there was no time to revel in glory. Turning his head, he saw death fast approaching in the form of a bolt of dark energy from the Warrior-Queen. The soldier side-stepped, dodging the blast with mere inches to spare. Grabbing his fresh kill's lance, he threw it at the wicked Queen, who leaped and rolled out of the way with the reflexes of a tiger. An Ivory knight rode to the soldiers aid, but was caught by surprise by an enemy knight. He tried to defend himself, but the warrior slashed the brave knight's horse, causing it to collapse, bringing its rider with it. Then, as the dark army seemed on the verge of victory, *she* appeared. Her enemies called her the Pale Death. Her allies called her Salvation. With a single stroke of her greatsword, she sliced the legs off the dark knight's steed, bringing him to the same fate as his victim. With that, the Ivory Army fought with renewed vigor. The dark army tried to push back, but just as they seemed to be succeeding, a bolt of lightning surged from behind the Ivory army's front lines, blasting into the chest of the Onyx Queen. She screamed in agony, and fell to the ground, dead. Above her stood the court wizard of the Ivory King. His talent for lightning was famous even in the lands of Onyx. After that, the battle raged for hardly a minute longer. Finally, Salvation's sword was held to the throat of the Onyx King. He knelt, defeated. "Checkmate." Who says chess can't be exciting? *Fin* If anyone's curious, here's the actual game I based this off of: 1. e4 c6 2. Nf3 d5 3. exd5 cxd5 4. d4 e6 5. Nc3 Bd6 6. Be3 Qc7 7. Qd2 Bd7 8. O-O-O Ne7 9. Nb5 Nbc6 10. Nxd6+ Qxd6 11. Bf4 e5 12. dxe5 Qe6 13. Nd4 Nxd4 14. Qxd4 O-O 15. Bg3 Nf5 16. Qg4 Qa6 17. Bxa6 bxa6 18. Rxd5 Be6 19. Rd3 Nd4 20. Qxd4 Bxa2 21. b3 Bxb3 22. cxb3 Rfc8+ 23. Kb2 Rab8 24. e6 a5 25. Bxb8 Rxb8 26. Rg3 a4 27. Qxg7# 