
"Dr. Gil, you have someone in your office," the nurse at the front desk said as he walked by. "Is he a family member of my surgery patient this afternoon?" "I...I'm not sure. He just walked in and told me that he would be in your office." "And you didn't ask who he was?" Gil asked the nurse. Rennae was one of the more suspicious nurses in the hospital. "No. I felt like I knew who he was. But now I can't think of his name or where I saw him before." Rennae looked confused, as if she was trying to remember something she already knew. He looked down the hospital halls. Orderlies and nurses walked around doing their jobs, guiding or pushing patients to their rooms, delivering medicine or food, or the few that were flirting. Occasionally, he would see a doctor walk down the hall rarely looking up from a clip board. "Thanks, Rennae. I'm sure it's just a friend or family member of my patient. I'll reassure them that..." he looked down at his clipboard, "Sarah is in the best hands." When the doctor arrived in his office, there was what appeared to be a funeral director. He looked to be in his early forties, perfectly fitted black suit and tie, and he was looking over the books on the bookshelf. When the doctor walked into the office, the man looked over and smiled at him. "Shulmu, Dr. Gilgamesh." He didn't think he had heard the man right, "I'm sorry. What was that?" "Shulmu. I'm sorry, is my pronunciation off? So many words you have, I'm bound to get something wrong." "No, that was fine. In fact, it was perfect," Gilgamesh said as he closed the door to his office. "How did you learn that?" "There's only one way to learn languages," the man pulled a book on lung diseases off the shelf and opened it. "You speak to others who speak the language. So much information on how to avoid me for such a small amount of time. Even you. You've avoided me for the longest of anyone, but it has still been a small amount of time." Gilgamesh knew who he was now. He had found a way to avoid him not long after his friend had died. "Why now?" "Your patient this afternoon. There will be complications with the surgery. She's not leaving this place alive." "...it's a breast implants surgery. I'm just giving an old woman with too much money a false sense of youth. No one ever dies here. This isn't even a hospital. It's just a place where rich people come to have plastic surgery. How?" "I think she has an allergic reaction to the anesthesia. Not sure." "And what about my career afterwards?" Gilgamesh asked. "I'm not sure. It's honestly not my problem." "So, after she dies you take me with you?" "No. You've avoided me for so long that you don't appear on my list anymore. You used to be on it every day, but when I would make my way to you, you would just drop off of the list." "So, what? You were just 'in the neighborhood' and decided to drop by?" Gilgamesh said with air quotes. "In a sense," the man responded with a smile. Gilgamesh didn't know what to say or do. He tried to think back to when he found a way to avoid death. It had been so long, he couldn't remember what it was. The way this man was talking about it though, it sounded as mundane as a glitch in whatever system he had. "What now?" Gilgamesh asked. "Nothing special," the man responded. "You prep for surgery, you do your job, she dies anyway, and you go on with your life." The comment sounded too nonchalant for the situation. The one...thing...he had been avoiding this whole time had finally caught up to him, but nothing would happen because of it. Gilgamesh realized that was exactly it. After all this time running from the man before him, it meant nothing to him. It wasn't a great victory, he hadn't become significant. He was as mundane as anyone else to the man. He wasn't even a nuisance. The time he had spent running was just as insignificant. "I can see on your face that you've realized why I'm really here." The man put the book back on the shelf and began to walk out of the office. "I'll see you again soon Gilgamesh. To me, it won't be any time at all." "Why did you even come?" Gilgamesh asked. "If what I'm doing is so insignificant, then why did you even meet with me?" The man was already gone around the corner, but Gilgamesh heard his reply. "Because I get so few opportunities to gloat." 