
My story starts when I was a kid before the cellphone era. I was maybe 16 years old, when I had my first love with Ester , she was the most beautiful girl you could have laid eyes on. Blue eyes with blonde hair like a sunshine, with a smile that would melt everyone's heart, when she laughed everybody stops and just stared at her beauty. Even if I had this angel with me, I was sad, because her name wasn't on my body. I had Rachel and tiffany tattooed on my body. Even if I tried as hard as I could, I knew deep down that she wasn't for me. Fast forward 20 years, I moved, lost contact with Ester, found the love of my life and her name was Rachel. Maybe I went too fast with this, but my name was tattooed on her. If you make the simple connection, we were meant to be together. Every problem should have been a piece of cake, we were the best in best. As time passed, I found myself thinking about the other name. Who is this tiffany? When will I die? How will I die? Those taughts haunted me but I tried to put them at ease, there were a lot of variables I didn't knew. No point of thinking about this for too long, and ohh boy was I wrong, because one week later, everything changed. I died. That fateful day started like every other day: had my morning coffee with my soon to be wife, took a shower and went to work. We had new people in the hospital, and I needed to take care of them. I received the list with all the new people, I scanned it and one name just popped in my face. Tiffany Hayo. I freaked, I started shivering. Was she my killer? Is this the day I die? I went straight to my boss and told him I had an emergency at home. When I got home I caught the love of my life with someone else in the bed, I couldn't comprehend. Why? How? But we were soulmates... I couldn't stand the thought of her being with someone so I went in my car and started driving as fast as I could... next thing I know I am in the hospital in the icu. - doctor we are losing him. I know this voice, as I look around the room I see the most beautiful girl but as I look at her name tag, tiffany hayo. -I know you, you are Es... Edit: formatting, also this is my first time writing and english is not my first language so any constructive feedback is well received. 