
I couldn't believe I was doing this. "I...I don't think this was a good idea, Lisa, I-'m just going to leave," I said, and changed the gear to drive. "You will not!" Came the voice from the backseat. I sighed. "Please, Lisa, I'm just not-" "Look at me, Mark," she said. When I didn't she repeated herself, louder, "Look. At. Me," she said, deliberately enunciating each word. I couldn't argue with that, so I turned around to face the most beautiful woman in the universe - quite literally. She was wearing a dress like celebrities wore on the red carpet, and had a face that belonged on a magazine cover. Her fiery hair cascaded down all the way down her back, and her sharp green eyes were looking directly into mine. Her slender fingers wrapped around my shoulders. "Listen to me, Mark. You *are* good enough, you hear me. You *can* do this," she said, her voice carrying a subtle layer of *something* sensual - as it always did. I swallowed but nodded. "F-fine," I said, "I'll stay." As if on cue, the front door of the apartment opened, and Emily walked out, long legs, dark hair and dark eyes. Lisa have me an encouraging tap on the shoulder and vanished. *** "hey Mark, can you do this paper work for me? Thanks!" Hendricks said before I could even look up from my computer. Sitting on my desk was a stack about a foot high - none of it supposed to be my responsibility. "Punch him, punch that guy in the face," said a voice next to my ear. I almost fell out of my seat to find a drill sergeant, wearing boots, camo pants and a tank top standing next to me. "Come on, soldier," he growled, "show that man who's boss!" "Th-that would be assault, William," I said. "That's Sergeant William to you, private!" he snapped. I was saved from responding however, when a dark skinned man in a suit appeared on my desk, casually smoking a cigar. "Wrath is a bit, xcessive Mark, but his point stands, you shouldn't let others run over you like that," he said. "et tu, Percival?" I sighed. Percival, Pride, thumped my back and smiled, "Oh come on, now, it'll do you good." I bit my lip, then nodded, almost to myself. "Hey Andrew," I called, "do this yourself!" *** "Wow, so this your house, Mark?" Emily said, gaping at the mansion. I shrugged, "I..ah, inherited it." I said. Emily just nodded. "And, uh, you don't have anyone to share it with?" she asked. In a move that would make Lisa proud, I smiled and said, "Is that an offer?" Emily blushed and looked at her feet, "maybe it is." Just as she did a bell rang from the kitchen. Emily frowned, "what was that?" she asked. "The...ah, oven," I said, and as we walked over to the table set in the kitchen itself, we saw a three course meal waiting, wine, juicy steaks, salad, anything we could possibly want, on a dinky looking table. "Wow..." Emily said, her eyes wide, "you get permanent cooking duty." I mouthed a silent "thank you, Gus." as we dug into the food. *** "Sir, you want *this* ring?" I wasn't so sure myself, but the ladies around me didn't leave me with much choice. Evelyn with her bright blue eyes and blond hair played idly with my hair and said, "Oh come on, Mark, of course you want that ring, you want the best for Emily, don't you, nothing less than anyone else?" I nodded, though a bit hesitantly, and Giada nodded eagerly. "People are already jealous of your house, your girl, your money, Mark. Don't you want more?" she said, her dark eyes a little too wide. "Uh...yeah," I said, slightly disturbed. Greed was always a bit, well, off. I turned back to the seller. "Yes, that very ring," I said. *** Sloth was, finally, no longer in my life. *** If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) for more of my work 