
The man across the table looked like me. Or, he looked like I presumably would, in a few decades. He had a full beard, rather than my patchy, thin one. There were lines and wrinkles permanently visible on his face. Nothing huge, but... they were there. "You remember David? And Maggie?" I asked. "Oh, of course. God, it's been ages, though. I should call them some time." "What, you aren't hanging out with them? Something happen?" He shrugged. "They moved away. David went down to Florida, got a gig doing electrical stuff for Disney. Maggie ended up flying off west to be with her boyfriend. They have some kids now." "And you? Me? What happened there?" He winked, tapping the side of his nose. "Ah ah ah. That would be telling." That irked me. He had to know as well as I did that that didn't matter. "You know as well as I do that that doesn't matter," I said. "Timelines can split. The future isn't immutable." "Yeah, but it's less fun if you know everything that's going to happen." I tensed up a bit at that. That was the whole reason for this meeting. I'd been waiting for years, to hear guidance from the one person that I really could be sure was looking out for me. Why wasn't he helping? Something was off. "What's my favorite color?" "Blue? No, wait, green!" He smiled as he said it. It was the right phrase. "Number is eight, the person you're thinking of is probably Jean-Paul, if I remember right, and the words are benevolence and malevolence. Yeah, I went through the same thing." "I'm not sure I believe you." He sighed, rubbing at the back of his head. "Yeah, you don't really have to. It doesn't matter." "What? Of course it matters. This is the only chance I get, unless I become a trillionaire, and then there's all kinds of licensing and stuff. If I'm getting cheated..." "You're not getting cheated. This is just me. You. Us." He spread his arms, giving me a sad sort of smile. I frowned. "It's subtle, I'll give you that. But you're definitely not me." "No, of course not. But not in the way that you're thinking." "And how would you know how I'm thinking, if you're not me, hmm?" "Because I *was* you, dummy. I'm not anymore. Just like you're not the same person you were when you were four years old, or fourteen years old." Something clicked. Ah. "Wait, that's it?" He nodded. "That's it." "What... is this a ship of Theseus sort of thing?" "Kind of? It's more nuanced than that." He leaned in, folding his arms and glancing around conspiratorially. "Look, let me let you in on something. One Simon to another. When I was your age, I wasn't talking to myself. By which I mean the me, talking, right now." "You skip your meeting or something?" He shook his head. "God no. Would you have skipped the meeting? We're not that different, you know." That was fair. I couldn't imagine a version of myself that wouldn't want to speak with the future. I nodded. "No, I mean, like... there are multiple timelines, right? And the future you that you talk to gets pulled in from the extrapolation of the current timeline, within some bounds. But the thing is, by talking to you now, by giving you some insights, I'm *changing* your future timeline. When you're fifty, you're not going to be the same person that I am now." I thought about it for a second, failed to grasp it, and then thought about it for another minute. My head started to spin when I realized the possibilities. It was like vertigo, looking down over the edge of a deep pit. "So what you're saying is... I'm going to talk to a younger Simon in the future, and give him advice that's different than what you gave me... and then he'll talk to a younger Simon, and give *him* even *more* different advice, repeated... for how long?" He smiled, wide and with lots of teeth. "Forever, so far as I figure it. In both directions." "Jesus." "It's cool though, right?" "I mean... I guess? What's the point, though?" "Well, think about it. I hope, I genuinely hope, that this meeting makes you a better person. That you have just a bit more knowledge to pass down to the next Simon. If you do, then it makes him just that little bit better, too. We, as a collective, get incrementally better with each cycle." "Well yeah, but that has to have a limit." "Oh, of course. We're only capable of taking in so much at 18. But we can approach the limit, get better and better, until we're the best person that we can possibly be." "We'll never even see the results, though. Each Simon will only ever meet the version before and after him." "Does it matter? We know that the end result is out there. Theoretically, he already is. We just need to keep playing along to make sure that he gets there." With that, he stood up, tucking his hands into his pockets. "Anyway, I've said my piece, and I think the time I'm allowed to be here is running short." "Wait, that's it? You aren't gonna tell me to like, exercise more? Or be a nicer person? Or call Mom more often or something?" He waved me off. "The fact that you're asking means you already know you should be doing those things. Don't question yourself so much, you're a good guy." He was already starting to dematerialize, fading away back into the timeline he'd been pulled from. "Just make sure that you pass that on to the next one." --- Hello, u/HighWizardOrren here! Thank you for reading! If you enjoyed this response, please check out my writing website, [over here!](https://orrensdeck.wordpress.com) 