
"How about we start with the autopsy report?" I asked. Lucifer looked mildly uncomfortable, and perhaps a little embarrassed. "We can't. It doesn't exist. There are no tools strong enough to cut God open." "Okay. Surface examination then?" "God was pierced with several billion tiny little holes. Some went all the way through, others did not." Lucifer delivered that piece of news deadpan, as if it were commonplace for Celestials to be found riddled with holes. "When can I see the body?" Start with the basics I thought to myself. Policework 101. "Nope. Absolutely not. I need you to be sane to do this work. For a human to view the true form of God is instant insanity!" The charicatures of demons shown on TV wouldn't lead you to expect the depth and variety of emotion that flitted across Lucifer's features. Sure - Lucifer had had a running battle with God for millennia, but only family messes with family right? I could sense the wagons circling. "Well then how do you expect me to do my bloody work? I'm not the Oracle you know - they live ten doors down on the right, as if you didn't know." Stony looks. I trembled a little - stony looks are usually followed by decades of Lucifer's most creative work. His eyes glowed deep red and an after image of glorious wings flashed on my retinas as he regained control. "That one was on credit. You now owe me. You know what happened to the last soul who didn't honour their credit commitments." Deadpan again. This was not good. "Er. Um. Right. So. Um. Perhaps you have some idea how holes in God might be possible if no one has tools for an autopsy? Maybe??" "Only something to which a Celestial is bound has the power to harm them. Even then, the capacity for destruction of the bound object would have to be unfathomable to harm one such as God, and the histories have no record of such an object." Lucifer looked genuinely troubled now - whether because I now knew how to kill Celestials, or that an object capable of killing God was not supposed to exist? That difference I couldn't tell. I had a hunch, and decided to jump on it and see where the ride went. "Would there be a link between the damage done and the bound object? A metaphysical thread or shadow or something?" Lucifer blinked. Slowly. Turned pale. Then a sad sorry smile crept onto Lucifer's face. "God did it. Created something with more destructive potential than me." I waited. There was nothing else to do. "God would sometimes talk about the itch. The constant itch of every little sin that you precious humans would commit. Each sin must have been a tiny little pin prick, trying to get through God's armour." "Believers." "I'm sorry? I don't understand." Lucifer smiled that sad sorry smile again. "God was bound to the believers. Every single human who had ever professed faith." The realisation hit me like a bolt of lightning. The combined sins of all of the believers had finally overcome God. God was now dead, forever riddled by the holes created by his bound followers' misdeeds and outright evils. Lucifer's day had dawned. 