
You've got to me *kidding* me. I was almost out. It was almost done, and no one was the wiser. It had just been too simple. I had slipped into the bank with the surge of afternoon customers. It had taken me *weeks* to collect all of the access codes and passwords I would need, but, well...I don't want to give away *all* my secrets, but I'll just say the backpack slung casually over one shoulder was *far* heavier than it was when I walked in. I had been moving towards the goddamn *door*. That's how close I was to getting out. And then I had seen them coming. A group of four men, dressed in black sweatshirts and holding shotguns. There was nothing for it. I crowded into the huddled, fearful mass with the rest of the customers and tried to keep a low profile while the artless thugs 'robbed' the bank. Or, they tried to, anyway. "I...I just don't undertand!" One of the clerks cried, eyeliner already smearing down her face. I couldn't help but feel a little bad for her. She hadn't been prepared to deal with a gun barrel to the face when she picked out her makeup that morning. "There's nothing here!" "Bullshit!" The man in front of her roared, jabbing his gun forward. "Stop lying to me and just give me the drawer!" She screamed, jerking her arms reflexively to cover her head, and her friend jumped in. "She's not lying! See?" The second clerk seemed to be handling the stress better, and pulled the drawer free from the counter. Sure enough, the only thing that remained was a single roll of pennies. Why would I waste my time on pennies? The thugs could *have* the worthless bits of copper and zinc. The masked man bit off another profanity-laced phrase, gritting his teeth. I watched with not a little bit of satisfaction, twirling the phone in my pocket. They were clearly confused now, looking around as if they could make the cash appear if they just *wanted* it enough. The clerks looked at each other in bewilderment, just as confused. Served them right. My heist was *beautiful*. How dare these brutes interfere? And they'd probably get away, too. The thought stung at me. That wasn't *right*. There should be some justice in this world, and thieves with no class like this deserved to be *caught*. I'd see what I could do. Apparently, I had been glaring my hate at them for a few moments too long, though. I realized my mistake when the hardened butt of a stock caught me on the side of the head. Well, I didn't see *him*. Crap. "What's your *problem*, huh?" The new thief said, grinning. "Got something to say?" The blow sent me staggering into his friend, who in turn pushed me away in revulsion. It had been enough, though. The bag was heavy on my back, but I resisted the urge to touch it. They couldn't know. I couldn't let them suspect. As long as they thought I was a coward, that I was too small and unimportant to give a second glance, they wouldn't think twice about someone with a backpack. I was just a student, or someone on the way home from work. I needed to stay that way. "...'s nothing." I muttered, wiping a spot of blood away from my mouth where they'd cut my lip. "Sorry." The two thugs grinned. "Yeah, that's about right. Seems like-" I'd never know what he was intending to say to me next. From the distance, I could hear the sound of sirens weaving their way through the town towards us, and from the way the thieves tighened up, I knew they had heard too. The one with the shotgun in the clerk's face swore again. He really did have quite the vocabulary. "God dammit. All right. Nobody move!" He waved the gun across the rest of us one last time, as if in warning, then motioned to his crew. They sprang out the door and vanished into a nearby van. By the time the police cars turned the corner, lights and sirens blaring, the thieves were long gone. I took advantage of the confusion to slip into the back room, and vanish *myself* into the forest behind. No need to hang around for the rest of the show with a bag of stolen cash on my shoulder, after all. I wondered if it had worked. I'd miss my phone. I had just gotten it the week before. It was a burner, of course, nothing that could be traced to me. But it had a GPS, and 911 would be *very* interested to listen in on the conversation that was being called in to them right now. How long would it be before that brute realized he had a new phone tucked into the cargo pocket on his pants, do you suppose? (/r/inorai) 