
I opened the grill and the heat pushed my head back. "Burgers are ready! Come and get 'em!" An icy-cold hand touched my arm. "I do hope you don't expect me to eat this pile of charred ashes." "C'mon, Victor, they aren't charred...much. But don't worry, I've got your burger chilled and ready." I reached down to the cooler beside me and pulled out a plastic-wrapped burger. The meat wasn't cooked and the buns were so cold you could break them in half. Victor took it with a grateful smile and returned to his shaded lounge chair. "Thank you, David." "You're welcome," I called after him, rubbing at the cold spot on my shoulder. "Ouch, he freezer-burned ya, eh, D?" said the Jersey-accented blondie as she and Hugo approached the grill. "I'd tell ya to see a doctor but this one's a bit strange." "I'm not one for humor but even I can tell that was poor," Hugo said, pressing up his glasses. I laughed, more for Harley's easily wounded ego than the joke. "Good one, Harley. You've been working on some new material?" She picked up a hamburger patty and started piling on the toppings. "Why? Is it that obvious?" "Nah, I just figured you'd be practicing til he gets out." I took my own burger and made my way to my long picnic table. "Yeah, could be any day now." Her voice was raising with excitement. "Oh, and it'll be hilarious, too! He's got this--" "Not here, Harl." Ivy said as she invited the two of us to sit next to her. "David's rules are quite clear. No business talk." "Right." Harley sat down next to Ivy. Her red dress clashing with Ivy's forest green. "Sorry, D." "No worries, it happens." I took a drink of my beer and nodded towards Victor by himself. "I get that it's sunny but why's he so far away today?" Ivy and Harley looked at each other for a moment. This was a dangerous question, with my one rule and all, but Ivy took it in stride. "Simply put, he tried to snow my garden and it didn't end well for him." "Ah," I took another swig. "Thanks for being civil then. I just finished landscaping." "I noticed." Her voice brimmed with satisfaction. I could feel her words as if they were caressing me. "It's a lovely yard, as far as backyards go." "Glad you like it. I was hoping you could give me some more tips, I'm planning on having a greenhouse to hold some more exotic specimen." "Now you're talking," she hummed. A loud crack was heard from my back porch. My screen door thudded down the steps as my purple-suited best friend slid down the railing into the yard, laughing his ass off. "Oh, am I happy to have made the party! David! Get over here you big lug!" "Hey!" I jumped out of my seat and met him in a hug. "I'm starting to think they have an open door policy for you at Arkham." "Oh, and if that ain't the truth..." Joker stepped aside and slicked back his hair. "Forgive my appearance, so hard to stay presentable these days when buffoons in tights keep muddying things up." "Mr. J! You look better than ever!" Harley ran to Joker but was interrupted by a series of small explosions along the yard billowing out clouds of smoke. Immediately we all ran to cover. Ivy had flipped the picnic table on its side and waved for me to join her, but before I could hide I was swept off my feet and pulled to the roof of my neighbor's house. "You're safe, but I've got questions for you." The caped crusader lunged back to the yard and I was left with his sidekick. "He might have saved you, but don't think I don't see what's going on here," the kid said, his little index finger waving at my face. I shrugged him off and peaked around him to watch the fight below. Batman had Harley wrapped up already, but Joker was playing hard to get with Ivy and Freeze. Hugo Strange on the other hand was struggling to get out of the pool and regain his breath. I cursed under my breath for missing the start of the fight. "Damn, I thought I lost him." Joker called out from behind the picnic table. "Sorry, David. Maybe next time we can enjoy some laughs without being so rudely interrupted." "Who is he to you? Tell me." Batman fired his batclaw and pulled away at the picnic table. Joker sprang up with a water balloon. "Wouldn't you like to know?" The balloon missed, hitting my porch railing instead and melting down from the acid. Batman threw a batarang at the Joker but Ivy stopped it by growing out my vines. Another thing I'd have to carefully work with so as not to ruin things between us. "So many of you in one place." Batman was angry, but I had to give it to my friends, they were only reacting to his moves and I knew they were trying their best not to ruin my home. "It can only mean trouble." "To think," laughed the Joker. "That all of us know something *you* don't. **Now that is funny!**" 