
I was having the perfect day and was ending it in the perfect way. The tub was slowly filling with water, bath bubbles not too suffocating, and enough candle light to read my newest book. Life had been so quiet and peaceful and ever so boring since i move to the small cabin in the woods. Then came the knock at the door. Hardly anyone knew where i lived, in the past 400 years I built a company that ran its self so i could afford to be away from people the way i desired. Flames of my past still burned too brightly in the back of my mind every time i closed my eyes. I was already irritated when i opened the door, and that quickly turned to a sharp and familiar anger when i opened it to a small group of soldiers. "I'm not interested in... what ever this is." I said flatly gesturing vaguely to the small group. When I attempted to close the door on them the closest one grabbed onto the door, stopping me and briefly reignited my anger. The man quickly apologized as he shrank back and i gained control of myself once again. "Please, we've been searching for you for years." The man pleaded, his eyes reflecting a pain I recognized. Looking into the eyes of the rest of the soldiers I wasn't too surprised to see them all sharing the same look. I had spent the last few hundred years running from what they were living through. But i could afford to run, being immortal, I could spend as much time as i desired running from anything i wanted. But these soldiers were mortal, and were probably spending their short lives watching their love ones suffering. "I'm sorry, but i stopped getting involved in mortal wars a long time ago." "No, please. It's not what you think." "Then tell me quickly." I growled. "It's your brothers." The soldier said quickly stepping away from me again in fear. I could feel it, my power reaching out from me, snuffing out the candles i lit and a sudden power outage in the town at the bottom of the mountain. "We need your help, you're the only one that can help us with the warlords. They're revenging the world, they're destroying everything, we don't stand a chance against them. We need you." The first soldier dropped to his knees, the other soldiers followed his lead as they all begged me on their knees in the snow. "Fine." I sighed, allowing my voice to carry all of my irritation. -------- They held themselves in the same castle that we once ruled in back when all four of us ruled together, before i left them to live a peaceful and boring life. Their guards didn't know who i was and attempted to stop me, but no mortal could ever be a match for an immortal. I didn't run though the castle, I simply walked calmly down the halls, my heeled boots announcing me from a far. Slamming open the large double doors the the throne room I took my time walking towards where my three brothers sat in their ornate chairs. "Little sister." One of them started to tease as i got closer. "No." I said loudly. "You know what i was doing when i got the knock on my door?" I asked, my anger licking into every one of my words. When one of them started to answer some dumb response I'm sure was meant to insult or tease me, i cut him off. "I was going to take a nice, relaxing bath. But them some group of solders came knocking on my door telling me what you three are up to." "So what? You suddenly care?" One of them yelled. "You're the one that left us, four hundred years ago if i do recall." Another one screamed down at me. I didn't answer them, i just walked up and slapped them when they rose from their chairs. "If you three do not start to behave, i will come back and remind you why you were so happy to allow me to leave." I growled at them, all of my rage showing brightly in my eyes. None of them dared to challenge me. "Now i know the soldiers no doubt were asking me to kill you three, but lucky enough for you three you're my brothers. And family is more important to an immortal than any mortal. But so help me i will give them what they want if you three start acting up again. Do i make myself clear?" They nodded and mumbled their apologies. 