
The president gaped at the massive starcruiser in a field somewhere in South Dakota. "A-aliens?" The man nodded solemnly. "Well talk to them man! This is the greatest moment in the history of humanity!" The President stumbled out of his chair envisioning green creatures offering him technologies beyond his wildest dreams. A New America stretching throughout the solar system! "Well?" the president gasped, "what are you waiting for!?" The man put a finger to his ear. "Yes...Ants? Are you sure?" he frowned. The man faced the President. "Well you see...They don't really want to talk with us." He zoomed in on the video to reveal a column of ants marching up the gangplank carrying assorted pieces of some unfortunate chap's picnic. A few minutes later every country in the world was broadcasting the achievements and importance of the human race towards the starcruiser. "CARS, INTERNET, NUCLEAR WEAPONS!(although we are completely peaceful so don't kill us all). The president had arrived on scene, where all attempts at contact were going ignored. The only thing going inside the ship was a column of ants. "That's it," the president called over the alien specialists, "you lot are going to go inside the ship and talk to them face to face." "U-us?" the alien specialists exchanged worried glances, "surely you should send someone more quali-" "You three know the most about aliens, don't you?" "W-well hypothetically see..." ... The alien watched the three ape like life forms slowly enter the ship. "Urrgh, what are those?" "From what the ants say, they're wild beasts who generate food." The alien marveled at the size of the creatures, the way they walked with slow lumbering strides. Life on earth was fascinating. The ants had been very helpful already. "Are these beasts dangerous? "No, in fact they seem to be quite intelligent. It is possible we may have mistaken the dominant species on Earth. These creatures have already achieved basic space travel." "Oh, really? How do they communicate then? Telepathy? Hive mind?" "No, they use complex electromagnetic wave patterns." The alien looked at the giant creatures again. Maybe they should communicate with them. ... Meanwhile, the 'alien specialists' were in 'alien specialist' paradise. They walked deeper into the ship, which was filled with all sorts of inexplicable technology. Suddenly, an alien specialist screamed. Causing the other two to scream as well. "What is it! Aliens!?" "No, it was just a spider" one said, "Dave killed it." "Where's Dave?" The two remaining alien specialists looked at the steaming pile of ash on the floor. ... "They really are beasts," the alien breathed(or as close to breathing as one gets when one is an alien), "they carelessly killed one of our people." "We leave at once,." the other said, "this truly is a dangerous planet. The ants were right." The other two alien specialists were incinerated as well, and the ship jumped into another dimension, leaving Earth with only a small colony of ants with them. 