
They say people lose a third of their lifetime to sleep. I live an entire lifetime in less than a day. "Doc, what should I do?" I paced around the room as I waited for an answer. Doctor Cain adjusted his glasses slowly before fixing me with a contemplative stare. "I'm sorry but before I can answer any of your questions Jenny... That is the name of the body you are in right now, correct?" I nodded. This time I was a woman barely into my twenties and already my body wore more piercings and tattoos then all my previous lives combined. Doctor Cain paused for a moment before asking the question I knew was coming. "What was your name yester-" "Rick. Rick Crawver," I said sharply. "And the day before?" "Tamara Turner." "And before that?" "Bobby Santiago, Owen Arhshad, Shinji Naka-" "Alright, alright, that's enough," he waves his hand, before adjusting his glasses again. "Now tell me Jenny... How much time does she have left?" Jenny? Right. That's my name now. I swallowed as I tried to remember the exact time that I 'woke up' today. "An hour? No. It's probably closer to half-an-hour," I said, still pacing around the room. Doctor Cain adjusts his glasses again, this time his hand is shaking. "This is... not a lot of time to work with. What took you so long to come here?" I stopped pacing. "Do you really wanna know? Its a long story, and a terrible one at that. And did you see the car I came here in? It fucking stinks of drugs. It's probably stolen too, damn it. And when I woke up, I was surrounded by druggies and I think they're onto me. I didn't know their names and apparently they had something big going on today. I just bailed on them and-" I paused. "-Sorry for the ranting." Doctor Cain took a deep breath. "Jenny, this better not be like the last time when-" Suddenly the door to the warehouse breaks open. This was the place where Doctor Cain and I had designated our safe-house. "How?" I muttered as I glanced at Doctor Cain. Doctor Cain shook his head quickly. A gang of thugs struts in, guns in hand. One of them walks forward, separating from the rest as he approaches me. "Jen, babe! How could you leave me? And you took all the good shit with you and who the fuck is this old guy?" he shouts. My mind blanked for a moment. I knew no name or story and Jenny was a mystery to me. "Uh... hey!" I wave cheerfully. "I was just about to leave! Don't worry about him, he's no buddy impor-" "Who the fuck is this guy!" he screams manically, then whips his arm up, pistol trained on Doctor Cain. "Don't!" I scream. He fires. I jump. ------ "Honey, are you awake?" a voice whispers softly, barely audible and yet it was clear - almost as if it was next to my ear. A soft sensation tugs at my chest. My eyes snap open and immediately I see a woman in bed next to me, half naked and arm resting on my chest. Another face I didn't know. "Honey? What's wrong?" she asks. "Nothing uhh - honey," I say quickly. Another face who I couldn't put a name to. I slid out of bed slowly, hoping she didn't notice. But she does. "Nathan? What's going on? Talk to me." For a moment I wonder if I should just leave. But I don't because I knew it wouldn't be fair. It wouldn't be fair to Nathan and to *her.* "Listen, I'm not Nathan," I said as I stare into the mirror on the wall. "I'm-" Who am I? I had forgotten lifetimes ago. Here I had short dark hair, light skin and pale green eyes. She laughs softly. "And I"m not Sophie. Did you have too much to drink last-" she pauses, "Honey why are you crying?" I turned away from the mirror. "Because I'm going to die today." -------- --------- /r/em_pathy 