
Thunk. The log splitting under the heavy ax felt nostalgically satisfying. I twisted the handle to knock the still standing half off the old chopping block as I reached for the next hunk of wood. Knees popped and shoulders were burning from the effort. Sweat dripped even in the cool fall weather. I hefted my log splitter for the next blow. This was less painful than just sitting in the chill and letting old wounds ache. Besides, it's been so long that it just feels right. Thunk. This old cabin in the woods had been my home for some of the fondest memories of my life. There were the times coming here with my grandfather. Then, there was that time at the end of high school. That had lasted for so long. I was a man by the time I could finally come back down. People didn't believe when I told them the truth about it. Even when I started taking my wife up here with the kids, she didn't believe. Only my oldest really listened, but that was when she was a child. My wife insisted I stop before our sons were born. Still, she indulged me after they had gone off to college and we started wintering here on the slopes. It was never really home to her though. That is why her plot is back in the city. Of course, that was a good reason to go descend and spend some time with the kids. Still, this cabin was where all the good memories lived. So, it was where I preferred to live. Thunk. The kids would complain every year when I told them I was coming back, but never very hard. They knew that I knew what I had shown them, what I had forced them to learn, how to survive. It was something I had taught all of my children, even... Thunk. The last log split in twain. I gathered all the hacked timber and stacked it near the house. A few were replaced with pieces from last year's pile to go in the stove for some tea and a meal. Gathering them up betrayed a buried stiffness in my back. The fire would feel good though, maybe, I could still enjoy another half hour of warm sun... The sun disappeared and the mountainside was flooded with darkness. Thunderous gusts of winds broke over in a steady unmistakable rhythm. A massive leathery underbelly slowly descended taking up most of the sky. There was one of the most deadly creatures on the planet. People had many names for them, the flying death, the ever-greedy, the terrible stars, the unquenchable flames, terror wyrm, dragon. Two massive talons dug into the mountainside, anchoring the monstrosity to the ground before the rest of its armored body crashed into my meadow. Its scaled face, helmet with horns, hung above a many-fanged maw that warmed as much as the hidden sun. Deep within that sat two shining red eyes alight like rubies reflecting starlight. Those eyes stared into mine for just a moment before the winged beasts whole body burst into flames. They only lasted a moment before vanishing alongside with the majority of the dragon's armored bulk. It left behind a young woman with long hair, freckled face, and those same ruby eyes. Her hair was mostly red with some streaks of a molten gold. Her figure full but muscled. Her human shape mimicked her draconic one, beautiful and powerful. She would probably make a younger man's heart race. For me, there was just a tickle of nostalgia. "Hey, Sparky." my words split my lips into a smile, but earned me a scowl. "I told you not to call me that anymore." the woman sighed. "The name I chose upon my ascension was Aconflariagratiolixia. It is my proper address." Her voice was deep and musical, her tone demanding. "When I said you should pick a name, I meant one I could say. Besides, you only told me that once before you disappeared. Hard to break a dozen years worth of habits over one word during a farewell." My words might have been a little too harsh, but it was hard to feign politeness with a gale of emotions blowing through my mind. "Look, I..." her eyes trailed down and her face flushed. Her mask of power and authority slipping quickly away. That little girl from so long ago was back in a heartbeat. Her lips even gently parted, and I could see her tongue running back and forth behind her teeth. It was what she did when she couldn't find the right human words. Finally, she met my eyes again. "You know dragons can't..." I raised my hand to stop her. "You want to come in for some tea?" Part 1/4 