
The Salvation Army had been good to him. The corduroy cargo shorts he'd picked up were just the right amount of stained. His knee high socks complimented the blown out Birkenstocks to perfection. The long sleeve pink t-shirt read 'one tequila, two tequila, three tequila, floor!' -- no doubt a castoff souvenir from a spring break some college girl was glad she couldn't remember. Truth be told, the first stage of this experiment wasn't the scary part. What was the worst that could happen? Security might give him a confused look and send him home. It wouldn't even bruise his ego. His relief that the entire world hadn't gone mad would more than outweigh the shame. Still, he caught himself holding his breath as he pulled up to the gates. Trained dogs immediately began sniffing the underside of his new Cadillac -- the dealer who let him borrow it for the day had cheerfully quipped, "You're the boss!" as he handed over the keys. If this worked, that poor dealer would have a hell of a time getting his car back. Two knocks on the window. He rolled down the tinted glass and immediately saw it on the guard's face, that same look that had been seizing people's faces for years. Instant recognition followed by a cordial formality, with not a small dose of respect thrown in for good measure. "Good morning sir," said the heavily armed woman. "Haven't seen you in a while." "Haven't seen me *ever*, you mean." She looked confused, then forced a small laugh. "Good one sir. Just need to scan your ID." He'd been expecting this, but as always had nothing prepared. "Afraid I left it at home today." The fit young woman took a moment to process this. It certainly struck her as strange, that much was clear. Some part of her brain was obviously aware that this was wrong, all wrong. But whatever gift -- or curse -- had been bestowed upon this man outweighed her rationality. "Happens to the best of us," she said with a smile. "Just remember next time." She signaled, and the reinforced steel gates swung open. He couldn't believe it. He even received a few salutes as he drove past the checkpoint. Now his heart was beating properly fast. Now it was real. Now if he was caught, there would be serious consequences. But as he drove the Cadillac right up to the launch pad and looked up at the shuttle, somehow he already knew that his plan was going to work. Today he was going to space -- and in a novelty pink tequila shirt, no less. -------------------- 53/365 one story per day for a year. read them all at [r/babyshoesalesman](https://www.reddit.com/r/babyshoesalesman) --------------------- 