
The lamps in the in the dining hall flickered a eerie, uncertain gold. Though dim, they illuminated the entirety of the room-- from the massive old fashioned oaken table at the center, to the variety of glasses and a smattering of bottles strewn along its edge, to the guests, crowded near the window, faces contorted with shock and fear, to the dead body lying on the floor with a bloody candlestick lying next to it. Dr. Hall knelt before the corpse of our esteemed host, Professor Henderson. The doctor wore a spiff white lab coat, only mostly covering some worn and stained pajamas. When he rose, the doctors stern face had somehow contorted itself into a ever more grave depiction of brisk authority. "The cause of death was trauma to the head, inflicted by the candlestick. Henderson was murdered". Said Dr. Hall, in a gravelly intelligent voice that almost masked how the doctor, like the rest of the guests, was very hungover. A murmur swept through the small crowd-- each of the party guests glanced suspiciously at every other. Who was the culprit? What was his motive? Was there anymore vodka stashed anywhere? Did that old medicine cabinet contain anything for hangovers? The unfortunate truth was that none of the guests could really remember the night before-- it was a haze of poor quality music and high quality alcohol. In addition, everyone of them was a suspect, and they knew it, because everyone HATED Professor Henry Henderson. Sophia Scarlet had once had a severe crush for the brilliant, handsome professor. Only a few weeks ago she had openly declared her affections for him, and had been delighted to have them reciprocated. It had seemed to be the beginning of a fairy-tale romance-- until it turned out that Professor Hendersons only interests were full contact bocce ball and Adam Sandler movies. Henderson had considered Dr.Herbert Hall a rare intellectual equal to his-- and had discoursed with him often about their shared interests in his wheezy high pitched voice. Except that Dr. Hall was a world renowned surgeon, while Henderson was a Ornithologist, and an idiot. Ms. Whilma White was Professor Hendersons long time maid and confident-- and his untimely death had probably saved her 0-10 hours of vengeance for all those half-empty cartons of milk he spilled places to be amusing. Colonel John Jackson was the military companion of the professor-- they had been squad-mates in the war. That was, until Henderson had abandoned their trench in the middle of a firefight to see if the local village had any mayonnaise. And lastly, there was the professors' esteemed mother, Lady Violet Purpula. She had lived with the professor his whole life-- and if that didn't make her a suspect, nothing would. So all the guests went back to bed, scared, but also cheerful. As they walked, they thought hard to themselves: how would they prove their innocence? Who could they trust? And since they had probably done the murder themselves-- was this gonna be a usual thing, or a one time incident? (Might do a second part later today. r/StannisTheAmish). 