
They packed and left once more. Dolly sighed as they did it, looking back from the ramp at the gold-green horizon, pierced all through with falling stars, all aflame. The world groaned and hissed. She felt the slateland below her feet shimmy and quake. Another home lost. On the ship, she settled into a corner, not helping, a passive protest of the situation. Her mother set a crate at her feet. "Don't pout. It's the start of another adventure." Dolly shook off her mother's optimism, diving into the crate. "What's this?" she said, pulling up a binder, corroded, yellow and warped. "Careful," said her mother. "Those are pictures. Old, old pictures." "Of *what*?" said Dolly, flipping open the pages. "What are these things? Dolly's mother laughed, settling in beside her daughter. "It's us. From before." Dolly shook her head. "No it isn't. This is... I don't know *what* this is. Look how silly they look. How... ugly." Her mother shrugged. "We didn't think so then." She pointed at an image. "That's me." Dolly pulled back, staring in disbelief. "No it isn't! Look at the... I mean..." "This is what we were in the beginning," said Dolly's mother. "Those were perfect bodies for Earth. Slim, light, nimble. Adapted to the atmosphere. I miss those bodies sometimes..." "What's wrong with *these* bodies?" said Dolly, looking down at herself. "Nothing! Not a thing. But you must remember we've been so many places, dear. And they were all so different. We've made changes along the way to suit each and every new home. See here..." She put a gentle finger on the trio of exposed ridges across her daughter's bare chest. "On Calais - you remember Calais? - we formed these slits in order to help us breathe. The old way wouldn't have done. And here..." She traced the edge of the thin membranous flap that ran along the length of Dolly's forearm. "There was hardly any solid land on Galway. We had to adapt. We're always adapting. Even the bare shape of us. The gravity was much, much harsher on Fulsome. We grew stouter because we had to. The old us would've snapped right in half." Dolly nodded. She remembered some of these places, and she supposed she remembered some of these changes, but they hadn't felt like changes. Looking back, they seemed a natural progression. "This part looks stupid," she said, resting a finger on the part of the image that showed a flowing, black wave riding down from the top of her mother's head. Again, her mother laughed. "It was the style. Your father certainly loved my long hair, impractical as it may have been." She touched the silvery, solid webbing that sat like a shield atop her daughter's head. "We could be impractical then, though. The radiation was different. No threat of black flares." She sighed. "I guess things were a bit simpler then." "Better?" said Dolly. "No," said her mother, running a loving finger across the outer rim of Dolly's folded wings. "Just different. That's what comes of survival, I suppose. You must always be willing to become." "Become what?" said Dolly. Dolly's mother smirked. "Whatever you must." She took back the binder and set it in the crate. "Back to work, dear. This world is no longer ours." Dolly staggered up to her feet. "I hate living out in the black." "The black is just an interlude," said Dolly's mother. "It reminds us to appreciate those times when we have solid earth to call our own." Dolly understood, even if she preferred not to agree. She gathered up the last of her possessions - the ones that would come with them into the black - and said goodbye to her dying home. It was sad, but necessary, she realized. That's just how survival works. 