
"Sir, we must speak about this." Kim Jong Un's advisor walked behind him in to the main office as Jong Un took up his seat behind his desk. The adviser placed a piece of paper on the desk in front of him. "I don't see what the issue is," said Jong Un, picking up the paper and inspecting it. "Sir .." the adviser looked on perplexed, "you surely know what this is." "Explain it to me," demanded the Supreme Leader. "This is a screenshot of your latest indiscretion. You posted this 15 minutes ago. The tweet reads: *'fite me irl u lil bitches. ya'll want non of dis imho.'* You then tagged as many global leaders as you could and attaching a picture of yourself dabbing." "Is dabbing not fashionable now? Is that the issue, here? Why was I not informed?" asked Jong Un. "Wait, what? Of course the dabbing isn't the issue," said the adviser. "Then I fail to see the problem." "You cannot folly about Twitter inciting violence, sir. We have spoken about this numerous times," pleaded Jong Un's adviser. "How dare you accuse me of folly," said Jong Un, picking up and ripping apart the print out. "Your Twitter handle is 'KimJongFiteMe'. Do you not think others have noticed this? It's as if you have a death wish," said the adviser, picking up the ripped up pieces of paper from the floor. "The Twitter handle is a mere coincidence," said Jong Un, taking his phone out of his pocket, beginning to play with it. "There, I've changed it for you." The adviser placed the pieces of paper in the nearby bin and took his own phone out of his pocket, "thank you." "I take it that will be all? I have meetings to attend," said Jong Un. "What meetings? I have your diary, you don't have any meetings." "By meetings I mean fights. And by attend I also mean fights." "That doesn't even make any sense," said the adviser, still scrolling through his phone. "Wait. Why. Why would you do this?" "Why would I do what?" asked Jong Un. "You can't just change your Twitter handle from 'KimJongFiteMe' to 'DM4Fite'," replied the adviser. "I have removed my name. Now I am covert and all fighting will be strictly over direct messages." The adviser slumped in to the chair facing Kim Jong Un and put his head in his hands, taking a moment to compose himself before speaking again with the Supreme Leader, "First of all, I still don't understand why you're trying to incite fights with other countries. Secondly, the profile picture for the account is your head photoshopped on to the body of Sagat from Street Fighter." Kim Jong Un sat back in his chair, keeping his eyes on the wary adviser sitting in front of him, "so you mean to tell me people know the profile picture is a photoshop?" "Of course people can tell it's a photoshop. You're one of the most famous people on the planet with your head poorly edited on to the body of a video game character," said the adviser. Kim Jong Un fell further back in to his chair, deep in thought. "OK, you win. You're right, I can see that now. But I fear it is too late to amend my ways and become the Supreme Leader our great nation deserves." "It's never too late, sir." Jong Un cast a smile towards the adviser. He smiled back. "Thank you," said Jong Un, as he took his phone out of his pocket and began to play around with it. He looked up towards the adviser, "I will fix this. Believe in me." The adviser stood from his chair and bowed his head, "I never stopped believing, sir." As the adviser was leaving the room, a notification tone rang out. Intrigued, he checked his phone: 'New tweet from 'KimJongFiteMe': *@realDonaldTrump wit mah boy coming up wit spicy fite plans. bring ur best 4 a rumble imho. real profy pic btw dnt even no who sagat is.* **** I write shitty, silly stories on /r/BillMurrayMovies. Feel free to come along, not laugh at any of them and leave some judgement. 