
Gryffon dipped his quill in the inkwell to write the king. But once again, the inkwell was empty. He muttered a tracing spell beneath his breath and found the signature marks of Saera. The quill pen snapped between his fingers. Blasted Saera! If he hadn't sworn a blood-oath with her as a child, he would snap her neck like this pen! But blood-oaths were irreversible and omnipotent. The second either of them harmed the other, the assailant would die. Now, they were in a competition to goad the other into attacking. He waved his hand over the inkwell and refilled it with magic, but just as soon as the ink came, it drained once again. Saera had invented a high level curse just to drain his damn ink. "You witch." Gryffon slapped the inkwell into his wall. Only now did it contain ink, spilling over his unicorn-hair carpeting and pristine cream walls. Gryffon's teeth snapped together. If he could, he would've ground them to dust. Though Saera was a hundred miles away in the enemy empire, he could hear her laughing in her room. It was time to pay that witch a visit. --- Saera felt her curse dispel and giggled. Poor Gryffon, the fool old man had fallen completely into her trap. She headed into the washroom to ready herself for tonight's galla with the king. Still laughing, she sat on the bathroom and slipped into the bowl. She grabbed its edges and pushed herself out, her butt wet with latrine water. "Gryffon!" she screamed. The bastard played dirty. She didn't even need to run a trace to know his curses anymore. They were all juvenile pranks that a high schooler might think of. This reeked of his magic. With a scream and a spell, she blasted her toilet with a fireball that ripped a hole through the wall. Gryffon knew how much she hated germs. He knew how hard she worked to keep her skin clean and refreshed. And the bastard did this anyways. Smoke filled her washroom and flames flickered on the floor. A small sprout of water rained down upon them from the shattered pipes gutting out of the broken toilet. It was time to pay that bastard a visit. --- Gryffon spotted Saera walking into the tavern by the Aneera River. This river cut through the land of Eisencoff, separating their two rival empires. Due to how conveniently it drew their borders, the land on the riverbanks were neutral zones where soldiers from either side could not go. "Saera," Gryffon growled and stood out of his chair. "Gryffon," Saera said through gritted teeth and walked toward him. They met in the middle of the bar. Already, the patrons of the bar watched with small grins. The two always met here. Their confrontations were rare moments where the two greatest magicians in all the land lost all semblance of their wizarding pride and became reduced to squabbling children. Needless to say, it was quite the show. "You ruined my carpet," Gryffon said. "Do you have any idea how many unicorns I had to kill in order to make that? Now I'll have to kill fifty more!" "Oh, I'm sorry I gave you an excuse to fuel your barbaric habits. Much better than you just doing it for sport, you animal! You dunked me in a toilet. Did you know tonight is also the night of the Galla with the King? You probably did you twisted asshole." "What? Saera's going to bathe again? How shocking!" Gryffon threw up his hands. "You might as well just live in the baths you lunatic witch!" "It's a condition!" she screamed back. "Unlike your childishness." "If being a clean freak is a condition, then I'd say every maid in town is sick with it!" Gryffon slammed a piece of paper onto the table and looked up at Saera with a grin. Saera looked down and read the first words. *Proposal for marriage, blood-oath...* "What the hell is this? Another one of your pranks?" Gryffon shook his head. "It's a challenge. The only people who hate each other more than us are married couples. So let's get hitched and whoever breaks down first loses." "You're on, you bastard." "Good luck, you witch." And the two signed the contract in blood. --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more! 