
As the airlock cycled open into Sol station Tim's stomach began to growl in lockstep with the gentle popping sensation in his ears. He had been so engrossed in the plans for the next two phases of the Ceres station project that he had forgotten to eat all day. The disquiet in his belly was not helped by the fact that the scents of various interstellar cuisine immediately struck his nostrils when the door finished opening. "At least I won't need to go far to grab a bite; guess I should be grateful." Tim grumbled under his breath. *"Ah but have we all not traveled many parsecs to enjoy such bounty, simian-Tim?"* chirped a familiar alto voice behind him. "Jesus Christ Blevin, you shouldn't sneak up on me like that! You know I'm jumpy when I am hungry!" Tim said. *"Infinite apologies, shall we skulk over to the nearest feed stall and have a meal together?" Blevin quipped glancing around nervously.* Tim quickly agreed and they made their way with less haste than either party likely wished, to the nearest vendor. Blevin was clearly on edge due to the large number of Sirians currently in the mess area. Blevin being an Eridani was understandably nervous. His species had paradoxically evolved as the dominant prey animal on his world. Apparently that had been the case all the way up to their industrial age. The Eridani had not yet collectively shaken their timidity, even after they had left the world that wanted to eat them. In spite of their friendship Blevin had avoided Tim for an entire two Earth weeks when he had been convinced that humans once hunted for food; as opposed to merely being opportunistic omnivores. Tim still remembered the obvious look of disbelief in Blevin's eyes when Tim first declared himself a "Persistence Predator". His bill had cracked open and his vertical eye slits had narrowed. It was a rather human looking facial expression actually if you looked past the eye movement. *"Surely you jest simian-Tim! Haha! You have no appendages for battle! What could you hunt with such a body? Can you fire deadly projectiles from your orifices then?* "Close enough, our arms are well suited to *throwing* projectiles. Also when well conditioned we can run without stopping for long periods of time. We apparently just scared and/or caused minor injuries to our prey and ran them down. Over and over again until they either died of exhaustion or were too weak to get away from our attacks in time. Tim had explained while snacking on an apple (likely adding to Blevin's confusion). Blevin had eventually shaken it off, likely using Tim's apparent harmlessness to get over his instinctual fear. But the Sirians were a different matter. There was no mistaking that they were a predator race. With four powerful legs they stood about a head taller than your average human. When they smiled three rows of serrated backwards curved teeth were visible. And on top of that their three jointed arms ended in hands with four retractable claws, half again as long as their 6 fingers. Watching Blevin's eyes dart from Sirian to Sirian while in line almost made Tim a little worried. Maybe humans had some instincts to shed as well. "Relax Blevin, nobody is planning to eat you" Tim soothed. **"If this line takes any longer I am going to make a liar of you human"** said a voice from behind them. It was course, not unlike gravel rolling down a steep slope lined with sandpaper. Tim turned around to meet the empty black eyes of the largest Sirian he had ever seen. Its shoulder tattoo marked it as one of their miners guild and the reason was obvious. It took Blevin's cowering and Tim's lack of retort as an invitation to continue. **"I'll make you a deal, stand aside so I may feast sooner, and I will not be forced to munch on the Eridani's cartilage! Hahaha. What say you both? Speak now!"** it roared. Tim wasn't one for conflict really, but with Blevin nearly weeping behind him and at least a hundred beings watching the event unfold he couldn't exactly back down. "No chance, we are hungry too. And you know the punishment is death for breaking the nonviolence compact. Is a snack worth your life kitten?" Tim said referring to the derogatory pet name humans had given them after discovering their claws. **"Perhaps not worm, but my honor is! You will not dare insult me in front of my peers again! ADDENDUM 5! I challenge you to a physical conflict resolution of your choice little one!"** the meaty centaur screamed. "Fine by me. Hows about we have ourselves a little marathon? First one to stop running is the loser." quipped Tim. As he did so the turned to look at Blevin knowingly...and winked. 