
"So who should be next?" Richard Visage yawned expressively, then turned off the twenty-four hour news coverage of the presidential election. Richard was a tall man. He was older and his body had run to fat ages ago but his well-tailored suits disguised that from most people. Peter Andorer was not most people. He had worked under Richard and his 'cabinet' for over twenty years now. They'd seen five presidents elected in that time, and each time they'd been directly involved in who got the position and what kind of strings were on each of them. "Depends on which tit we want to suck." Richard lifted himself out of his chair and pulled a file from his desk. He threw it over to Peter, purposely making the throw fall short so the man had to bend over and pick it up. Which he did. Peter ignored the petty power plays from Richard. If he acknowledged them he would be ended. It was that simple. "Big Pharma, Big Energy..." Peter flipped through the first too pages. "Remember when it was just 'Big Oil'?" Richard turned his back on Peter, "Morons took forever to realize how much more they could screw people over with solar and wind power if they had the laws bought to their side." "You mean brought?" "No." Peter nodded and turned a few more pages. Every four years it was the same thing. The moment the election was over they would start again, choosing who would become president. In a lot of ways it was much easier than before. It cost less in buying the media. You didn't have to cover up major political scandals like pedophilia and manslaughter quite as often. Yet, it did create its own issues. Richard's office, in particular, was usually under extreme scrutiny and observation. Or should have been, if money and favors hadn't been passed around to smooth that away. "I think we want to give Telecoms the next one." Richard said, "Their new scam to turn the internet into shit should rake in billions. they already have the laws fucked. The only real threat to them would be pressure from the top. We can make that a non-issue for the right price." Peter flipped to the right section and nodded. "I'll make the calls." It wasn't an easy job, or a safe one, but it was a powerful one. Peter smiled to himself as he read through the proposed bribes the Telecom representative had offered. Who would have though the office of Official Government Test Reporting was like this? Well, Peter had. He had to wonder what those poor bastards out there thought of them. They probably thought it was all sunshine and roses and little old schoolmarms grading papers. After all, they paid good money to make sure the public thought that way. 