
The sight of your home planet exploding into infinite pieces is quite jarring. At first, the beauty sucks you in. Your eyes lock onto the sight silently. Eventually, your eyes wander around, noticing that the other two ISS astronauts have joined you in the bay to watch. It was as if they had been paged subconsciously to join together and watch as everything they had ever known ended. "What do we do now?" Kirnikov had asked. I hadn't attempted to answer. Perhaps if I had, things would be different. Perhaps If I had, I might have said something soothing. Something that would convince them to pause and think before floating to their deaths in the now endless expanses of space, our home no longer anchoring us to any future in this universe. Perhaps they would have asked me to join them, and I wouldn't be left to die alone. But I hadn't answered, left alone to the sirens piercing my ears with their constant alarms. Each alarm signals a different danger threatening our ship. A different way for my life, the last intelligent being from Earth, to end. "FLARE TO THE HEAD", a booming voice interjected from afar, "WOULD BE FAR LESS PAINFUL." "What?" "DECOMPRESSION IN THE VACUUM OF SPACE CAN BE QUITE A PAINFUL EXPERIENCE FOR HUMANS." The voice sighed, its soundwaves sending the ISS spinning, hurtling me out of my sleep chamber and through the halls until I smacked into the viewpoint window with a thud. "I HAD MEANT TO FIX THAT, BUT NEVER GOT TO IT." "Could you please lower your voice? It's hurting my ears." "My apologies," the voice replied with a chuckle. "It's been a while since I've communicated with a human. I'd forgotten how sensitive your little ears were." "Are you God?" "God? There is no god here. I just made this place when I was first starting to experiment with universe creation. We hadn't even begun to study the creation of gods. That's complex stuff." "So you created this universe?" "Yeah, sorry about that. So how was it?" "How was it?" "Yeah, I have to shut it down now. It's quite expensive to keep a universe running these days, and nobody's playing Earth anymore, not since the controversies." "Playing Earth?" "YEAH," the voice boomed. "Shit, sorry, forgot about your ears. You see, it wasn't supposed to be like this. Earth was originally an attraction for all ages. The freedom from plotline was supposed to make it a vacation from Life, not just another game." "I don't understand what the fuck you're talking about." "Ah, right. Your whole universe was created by me as a game. It was revolutionary, hailed by critics and audiences alike. Everyone kept playing Earth over and over again. But eventually, there were just too many players and nobody enjoyed it anymore. There was too much competition, so everyone just left. And now, nobody's coming back." "Everyone just left? Do you mean that everyone on Earth was just playing a game?" "No, of course not. Whenever we installed a new player, we'd raise the population by approximately 10,000 NPS humans like you for the new player to control and mess with. We figured that this would allow us to scale the gameplay without monitoring the universe much. But then the players kept upgrading their technology and it just got out of control. We didn't have time to develop life in another part of the universe or create a Mars life path, so we just decided to close it down. Plus, the success of Earth basically meant that every game we'd release would have instant success. So we focused on new universes." "Fuck," I said. "So my whole life, all of our lives. It really has no meaning, huh?" "Your life? Of course it does. The astronaut life path is a popular choice. We spent a lot of time programming this path, that's why you lasted the longest." "That doesn't sound like meaning to me." "Nope, I guess not. Anyway, you should use the flare." If a flare goes off in space through a man's head and nobody is there to see or hear it, does it really go off? *Yes. Yes, it does.* 