
I walked into the courthouse to a flurry of lawyers, paralegals, reporters, and regular citizens scurrying about. The case was one that had gathered national attention. The body of a girl who was missing for three weeks finally turned up. A single suspect had been apprehended and the governor wanted this case to be dealt with quickly. I was selected to be a juror and made it through all the trials and tests and qualifiers to make up that twelve man body of people who would decide the suspect's guilt. I felt bad, sitting through the trial. Days of questions, and testimonies, and objections, and cross-examinations. The suspect definitely didn't commit this crime, I was sure of that, but the prosecutors were bent on nailing this guy for it. The defense attorney, some young, fresh public defendant with probably too many cases handled it poorly. The guy seemed almost resigned to his fate. He could hardly fend off the prosecutor's questioning and his story was too unverifiable. He claimed he was jogging that night in the area, but a few people said they saw him. And since he was in the area and without an alibi, he was arrested quickly. Looking at his face though when he testified hit hard. I just knew he didn't do it. Maybe, I felt bad because he reminded me of myself. We were similar height, had dark hair, and the same build. Hell, we could've been brothers. Too bad for the guy though. The defense had utterly bombed this case and the prosecutor was sharp and convincing. This guy was going away for this, or worse. When, on that last day, we finally convened and the other jurors all quickly agreed that he was guilty. I knew he didn't do it but I wasn't going to be the only juror not in agreement. When we went back and the foreman announced guilty, I felt so bad for the kid. And then the judge handed down the death penalty. The people in the gallery mumbled furiously, snapped photos, embraced each other, broke down as justice was served. When we were dismissed, I walked out the courtroom shaking my head. I knew that kid was innocent but didn't stand up to the other jurors. And now the dude was gonna get the chair or needle or something. I suppose I should've felt like scum but I've done worse. I mean, I killed a girl and let somebody else take the fall while I sat on the jury that decided his fate. His only crime was looking like me. 