
I know it's not a dream, they are out there somewhere in time. I tell myself for the the thousandth time. knocking two rocks together I finally fashion what could be a servicable spearhead.  The once dull rock flaking apart forming a shape point like that time my neighbor BJ showed me. Shaking my head I ad to put them back in their box. This wasn't going to work if I kept reminiscing about them. They aren't imaginary, They're just out of reach. whatever it was that dragged me here, this life, this existance, wasn't the only one I had.  I could remember them all, i could feel them all, smell them all. i could remember the first kiss, I could remember ordering upsized fries at mcdonalds. It wasn't all a dream. It had taken moments to prove that my knowledge wasn't just fever dream. counting the seconds as a rock fell into a pond from a cliff, starting a fire, eatin cooked meat.  It was all things my furry body had never done before, but my real self knew intimatly, and there were no surprises. Gravity fell at the same rate.  Sticks and dry leaves burned with friction, and the smal herbivore mammal roasted over those burning sticks tassted good, but needed pepper. The things I knew, the things I had experienced had happened, if not to me,then somewhere, and somewhen. Placing myseflf in the universe was hard, at first, but after awhile the moons familiar shapes presented themselves.  The stars were a little off, but the face of the moon shone down on me with it's familiar smile. I was on earth, but thing's were different, wilder, more primitive. I don't know how many nights i woke up, in cold hard sweat having an existential crisis that my existance here would wipe all of them out. that i would eat the wrong animal, or stomp on the wrong sapling. I wasn't a butterfly in time making small ripples, I was a boulder thrown into the deep end swamping nascent humanities boat. Or was I supposed to be there? was I the spark that lit the fire? the only decision i had was to truck on, to try and think of myself as the first, and not the last. Hope, apparently was a new concept to both my daytime and nighttime self. building a shelter drew from early cadet training, hunting for food, setting traps. the animals i was finding weren't rabbits, but they sure fell for snares rigged from moss and vines. Every time i upgraded my situation I was reminded of countless youtube videos my bored nighttime self had watched, survivalist stuff, historical stuff... primitive technoology made me chuckle when i remembered it. life was hard, but geting more secure, and some of the other, and i'm using the term loosly, people had taken notice.  I'd started growing a few crops. Mostly berries that my daytime self had found delicious, but other vegetables and some fruit were starting in the field I had planeted. I'd even taken to breeding some of the mammals, I wonder was i responsible for the shape of some modern animals, or was i preventing it? 