
[Report Start] [Location] Terra, Japan, Tokyo [Squad unit] 16 undercover, Elite Musketeer Legion [Task] Subvert control of regime. Casualties acceptable. [Outcome] Four musket shots fired in hour 4 after covert reconnaissance to make a plan. Contact lost with unit. No friendly survivors likely. Landing ship taken by humans. [End] [Report Start] [Location] Terra, London, England [Squad Unit] 20 undercover, Elite Musketeer Legion [Task] High value target, Prime Minister. Dispense of security force. Take the leader. [Outcome] Array of musket shots fired. 15 heard, maybe more. Various human casualties. Security forces returned fire, single survivor, contact lost. Likely hostage situation. Landing ship taken by humans. [End] [Report Start] [Location] Terra, Washington, United States of America [Squad Unit] 48 undercover, Elite Musketeer Legion. 300 archer, Archer Legions XI, XIII and XXV. [Task] Covert Reconnaissance, casualties unacceptable. Position to attack President on sight. Wait for intel from London. [Outcome] Positions holding. No changes in the last Terra month. Stealth Tech active. Awaiting orders from command. Supply drop needed. [End] "Captain, from all the transmissions, these three are the basis of what we have. All of our undercover units have gone off the grid. The humans have... something." "The emperor will not be pleased by this report. He sent us here with ten thousand soldiers. This should have been easy." Captain Foralus of the Q'oder was not pleased either. He'd sent half a hundred missions down to Terra to take important positions and gain himself valuable ground before striking at the heart of the humans. Over a thousand dead already out of his legions, and another six hundred on the ground. He had a feeling that he'd need more at this point. Their tech was disgustingly bad, but somehow, the Q'oder forces were consistently overrun, hostages taken, tech lost. And in the half cycle of this damnable planet since the first losses, the humans had started to steal their tech and make it work for themselves. "We need a win. Tar'luus." His High-general came to his side, eyes ever steely and emotionless fixed on the green and blue mess in front of them. "Give me something. Anything. Tell me how you would proceed." Tar'luus was the Captains son, but one of great merit. His position as High-General in the Vad'inkus Legion of the Q'oder was solely based on that merit. Within the males of their society, all were taken at birth and brought in to the fighting ranks in the capacity that they managed within their first few years. His heritage of Captain and General positions was evident from as young as a few moons old. A natural born leader, and one that would take command of this legion in the event of his father's death. "I... don't know, sir. Our tactics are failing and we don't know why. The humans have some sort of advantage?" "This is interesting, Tar'luus. What secrets do these beings hold? Their tech is weak, they're a weak race. This should have been over in less than a cycle, but we're here half a cycle in and haven't won a single foray." "We have three archer legions on the ground and some of our elites, Foralus?" Another High General, twice his son's age and half as effective. _Gon'shun, was it?_ Without meeting the new Q'oder's eye, "We do. You have an idea? Out with it." "Bait. We've seen them engage at the slightest provocation. Provoke it with one archer. Have the Elites surround the position. Take a human. We can get the information we need. They have some of ours - you think they're not doing the same?" The Captain thought long and hard. He closed his eyes, and felt the tiredness seeping through his body. He felt the eyes of his generals burning through him, the itch to do something about it. _Take a human. That's interesting. It's also against all protocol to have a foreign being on our ships but... it's against all protocol to have a fight last this long with literally nothing to show for it too._ "Do it. Report to me when you have a human on board. I would very much like to be a part of that conversation." As Foralus walked from the room, he gave Tar'luus a look. He saw that the child was wide eyed and open mouthed. Oh, he had a lot to learn before he was ready. Hopefully this war for Terra wouldn't kill the Captain before he could learn. _Gar'Shim!_ The other High-General's real name popped in to Foralus' head at that moment unbidden... along with an image of this idiot leading the Vad'inkus Legion. Captain Foralus shivered at the thought. 