
Dyslexia is a bitch. Life gives you melons, and you can't exactly make melonade. Satan swings by your home on Christmas-- don't ask what the *bad* kids get when he tumbles down their chimney, black as the ash and coal that rides with him. Oh, and Santa. Poor, sweet Santa Claus. His jolly heart is not fit to handle blood offerings. The worst part, though, isn't melonade or hellfire stockings. It's something much simpler than that. You pray to a dog. Not dogs as a whole; the concept of the animal at a large level, just... a dog. Who knows what dog, exactly? A random dog somewhere, its head filling with hopes and wishes that God will never touch. The Lord's living email spam folder. Their prayers, no matter how deep or desperate, lie in the head of a Golden Retriever somewhere in Manhattan, or a Corgi in Japan. Needless to say, their requests go unanswered. At least, for them. Racer is one of these poor pups. A labrador, lean, with a slick black coat that can look nearly white with sheen in the right light. Fast, strong, loyal, and a fantastic swimmer. He's also a collector of rocks and will dive into lakes to find the right one. If he could, he would tell you that rocks are *not* all the same, so don't get any funny ideas about making digs at his pastimes. He does all the things you'd see a normal dog doing, in that I mean he's not some kind of savant puppy eating braised fish and sleeping on fine fleece. Racer loves to take toys to his human, play fetch but not always give the stick back right away, and most of all -- lick. Licks for days. Hands, faces, feet, walls; really, if it exists, the good boy will lick it. No discrimination. He was about 17 -- in doggie years -- when he first started getting prayers routed to him. A few a day, usually, though sometimes it's quiet and other days are quite noisy. He'll hear one and cock is head funny at seemingly nothing, or bark at an empty room. Things you see a lot of dogs doing. They're usually rather sad prayers. I mean, not many people call God up to tell him how happy they are; it's when things are hard that they need help from above. *"Dog, please, life has been rough. I'm very alone right now and don't know where to turn."* Racer, the good boy, barks. He hears the sadness and runs to his human, licking him, nudging him, until a smile forms. *"Please, Dog, I need more money. I can't live with what I make."* Racer, the good boy, perks an ear up. He runs to the basket where his toys are kept, and takes his favorite one -- a squeaky snake -- to his human. It isn't much, but it's what he has to give. For some reason, though, his human seems uninterested in the blessed offering. Silly human. *"I miss her every day. Please, Dog, watch her close in Heaven until I get there."* Racer, the good boy, the absolute best boy, lays down and whines. He is sad, but there are some things he simply does not understand. After a time, he runs to his human, curling up next to him on the bed. They cuddle for a while, and Racer feels better. So does the human. He can't fix the world's problems, or answer prayers from across the globe-- he's just a puppy. But if he makes one human really, really happy, well... Maybe that's good enough. */r/resonatingfury* 