
:D :D :D - "We welcome our new citizens gladly, with open arms and strength in our hearts," Supreme Minister Trudeau announces, his face broadcast over the world. In Japan, the citizens are being taught Montreal French and how to shake hands, a practice that many are still uncomfortable with. Contact is alright, there's no need to fear touching one another. There's no more pressure to find a good paying job as soon as you leave university, it's okay to relax for a while... "A new age is upon us, of brotherhood, of kindness, of peace and liberty for all mankind," Trudeau speaks with a sweet timbre, a smile on his face. He hasn't even bothered to stand behind a bullet proof glass, so sure of his safety among his fellow Canadians. In Russia, there's lessons about smiling. It's okay to smile to strangers now, it's encouraged to allow an older person or a more rushed or slightly rude person ahead of you. You simply smile, wave ahead and go on with your day. It's just one transgression, don't let it ruin your mood... "Today, we are Canadians. Every single one of us. Today, from the beaches of Provincial Mainland America to the tundra of Provincial Siberia, from the deserts of Afghanistan to the rain forests of South America, we are all Canadians," All around the world, guns are being handed over to officials, and in exchange, there are papers. They're buying back all the ammunition, at a fair price too. The metal will be melted down and reused for bridges and buildings. His smile is kind, sweet. Disarming, almost. "We will recover from the annals of war, my fellow Canadians. We will rebuild, we will become stronger. Interlocked, side by side, a unified globe. We are together at last, and at last humanity will flourish. Today, we come together as a unified whole. We welcome you into our family." North Koreans...Koreans from the northern half of the province are freed. They bow now to the television on which supreme minister Trudeau is being broadcast, only to be lifted by the officers, saying no. It's not necessary. Sit, eat. The trains will be here soon to reunite you with your southern families while the deconstruction and reconstruction begins here in the north. You will be able to return to full, functional homes, land to farm, and lessons on how to be a proper Canadian. All around the world, borders are being redrawn, delegates are being nominated. There are no countries anymore, just provinces and territories. The flags are changed, with new provincial flags being put up. Most often, it's similar to the Canadian Flag. Japan new flag is a red dot on a white field with blue boarders, Australia is blue stars on white with blue boarders, symbolizing their water-locked location. Those who are entirely land locked are given red boarders. Small provinces are given yellow boarders, larger ones with both land and sea borders, like China and former America, are given green. But, above everyone else, is the Nova Canadian Flag. A white bear with cubs on a red field, with white boarders. Supreme Minister Trudeau smiles, and says his speech again in Montreal French. 