
######***Hank in the Balance*** You got Yin. And you got Yang. But everybody forgets about Hank. When you couldn't decide between a greasy, heart-clogging burger and a lighter, healthier option at a restaurant, Hank was there. You ordered a healthy salad that came with two containers of ranch, 400 calories of creamy goodness in each. Did you thank the Hank? I don't think you did. No one thanks the Hank. When you were pulled over for speeding in a school zone but the cop only gave you a verbal warning, Hank was there. Zhe--Hank's pronoun, since Hank is neither man nor woman--was speaking through that cop. And I bet you didn't thank the Hank at the time. Well don't worry, because Hank accepts late thank-yous. Go ahead, send Hank a card. Zhis address is: 0.5 Gray Circle Mediumrare, Purgatory Let me tell you my story. This is how I learned about Hank. When I went to bed one night, I forgot to charge my phone; my alarm never went off. Waking up, I was already late to my Calculus class. I searched my floor for clean clothes to wear, but none could be found. I cursed God--not recommend. I nearly choked on an ice cube later that day. Five minutes passed and I was jaywalking across the street between my university and my neighborhood. A drunk driver speeding on the wrong side of the street nearly hit me. Rain began pouring from the sky. One drop managed to fall behind my glasses and hit me in the eye. When I got to class, a student informed me of the pop quiz that I missed. You get the point. It was all Yin. No Yang. No lightness or goodness. Just evil. But then it happened. As I was heading toward the cafeteria to get slice of Hawaiian pizza and unsweetened iced tea, a large box caught my attention. It was sitting just inside the cafeteria. There were pictures of off-brand sodas on the box. It was a vending machine. It did not accept credit cards, but you could pay in the form of an I.O.U. It had no diet soda options, but all the sodas appeared to be pretty light anyways. The soda I purchased, Valley Mist, was just 60 calories. It was the best $0.98 I've ever spent on anything lemon-lime-cola flavored. Instead of dropping a can or bottle of soda, which shakes the hell out of soda sometimes, there was a table with a stack of cups beside the vending machine. It poured your soda into a cup, but it poured just barely too much--if you left the cup under the machine's spout for the whole duration, you would be drinking soda with a sticky hand. I guess that's why there was also a stack of towelettes on the table with the cups. The taste of the Valley Mist soda more than made up for my sticky hand. I'll go so far as to say that it made up for the rain in my eye, the near-death experience, and the failed Calculus quiz. It was immaculate. But I never had it again. Desperate for another Valley Mist, I decided to do some research into the company and learned that it donates 50% of all profits to a charity. However, I was later told that the charity they donated to was widely known to be corrupt. Its manufacturer stated that its workers were payed fair compensation, unlike their largest competitors. When I searched for the company's average wage, I found out they made twice the money I make. In the company's reviews, however, it was stated that all workers are fired before they can get a full hour's work. I thought this vending machine was the perfect embodiment of Yin and Yang. Then a man in blue coveralls came to wheel the machine away on a dolly. I asked him why. He said, "The damned thing goes out of order after each use. I'll have it fixed by next Friday." I never saw that man again. Nor the machine. But I did glimpse the company name on his coveralls: Hank in the Balance. I've seen that company's name many times since. You need to keep a close eye out, though, because it's easy to miss. I saw a man drive through a red light and crash into a pickup truck full of pillows. He flew out his window and landed unscathed onto that truck bed's fluffy pile of pillows. He was asleep by the time the cops arrived. The car behind me was a gray van with the words "Hank in the Balance: Have a stained carpet? Call today and we'll stain the rest of your carpet for $19.98/sq. ft!" written on its side. If it's all stained, none of it's stained, I guess. Candy is sweet, cavities are shitty. Ask your dentist what zhis name is, because it might be Hank. And if it is, don't forget to thank the Hank for keeping the balance. _____ Thanks for reading! [CC]/feedback always welcome. I have more stories, poems, and songs on [my personal sub](/r/ScottBeckman). 