
When humans joined the galactic community, everyone knew that communication would be our first barrier. The public assumed it would be easy, that we would be able to figure out how to communicate with all of the other species we came across within a few days. Can you believe that shit? In reality, it took nearly a decade, alien intervention, and two fully autonomous damn AIs, but I finally completed the project. I mean we completed the project. But who cares? My name is on the patent now. Sure, I used the vital work of thousands of grad students, but I'll be sure to write them an aggressively mediocre recommendation letter for graduate school. In big red ink. But that's unrelated to their achievement. I mean MY achievement. A universal translator. Like the shit you see on TV. I guarantee you half the humans are just going to expect for the aliens to just magically speak an Earth language anyway. Anyway, so I'm working on this thing. Late nights, you know. When you drink half a pot of coffee and you're still just as tired, only more likely to keel over dead from a heart attack. I speak a few random lines from every human language we had on database. No big deal. I try some Kakaidian, that idiot worm gibberish. Is that racist? I hope that isn't racist. If someone from HR is reading this, I value all cultures equally. Some are just more equal than others. Anyway it goes through. Green lights all the way down, just hit cruise control. Everything goes swimmingly until some spit hits one of the registers. I try to not spray when I speak, but you know what can you do? Half of my organs are replaced by those cheap knock off replacements anyway. It's amazing I'm still functioning as is. So, I think no big deal, right? Wipe the tactile receiver. Some species communicate through touch, some through vocals, some through lights and color. It's got to be able to decode all of it. The whole thing is pretty simple to use. Alien either speaks or farts or touches or flashes bright lights at it, the supercomputers handle the translation, and then you can either read or hear the translation. Simple. Elegant. Beautiful. All the result of other people's designs I humbly will take credit for. So before I can even find a tissue to wipe up the receiver, the AI starts decoding it. A rapid string of zeroes and ones, just way too many for me to keep track of. I check the files on the computer and it's storing the genome string. Just zeroes and ones, zeroes and ones. Then out of nowhere, it stops. Just that same line. *DECODING* *DECODING* *DECODING* Then BAM! Shit on the translator screen. Well, not literally. You get the idea. "Quality assured by inspector #12" Huh. Now I get that itch, when something just seems too bizarre for your reality. I immediately think of those kooks on Earth that like to espouse that progenitor theory, but I feel like I need to run more testing. So I spit on it again. Same result. I get Gary from Pharmaceuticals to spit on it - I don't think you know him, but his wife makes a terrific cheesecake, uses actual cream cheese. I don't know who she fucks to get it but its just as good as what you get on Earth. Amazingly his results say the same God damn thing as mine. So I forward my results to the nearest orbital station, and I get the same shit back from the other labs. Now you won't believe this, and don't tell your mother, but it was all the same response. Every human. Same result. We get some, uh, alien DNA from what you could call a 'volunteer'. I'm just pulling your leg. We found some slave shmuck and ground him into a pulp. So this asshole is apparently 'Quality Assured by Inspector #18293'. Which just leads to even more questions. After nearly a hundred trials, and thousands of intelligent beings ground into a very fine liquid, the outcome appears the same. Everyone had their own Inspector. And don't believe what the media says. We made sure our test subjects died painlessly, assuming we had the funding to find whatever anesthetics they needed. Which was like twenty percent of the time. Science shall always require sacrifice. As long as I don't have to give anything up. Never mind that. So everything just seemed like a curiosity until we started receiving strings of zeroes and ones from deep space, that nothingness in between galaxies where nothing could possibly survive. The same messages. 'Follow up Inspection required - primary code deciphered. Do not resist.' Now part of me doesn't want to worry too much about the signatures now making their way towards the Milky Way, but I'm old. Should I be worried? Possibly. Though in my opinion that 'Resistance is futile' shit is pretty cliche anyway. Should I have encrypted the signals a little more? Maybe. I don't know, it's above my pay grade anyway and I really just want my tenure reinstated. It's not even an immediate problem. They won't get here for another fifty years at least. And let's be honest, there's nothing more human than just letting the next generation deal with it. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 