
Shit. Shit. ... Shit. The villagers are giving me gifts. They're giving me access to the best bath with the finest soaps. I even smell like lavender. It's an apology of sorts for something that that they're taking. Something I can't even give. I understand that. Hell, I even respect it. But I don't want to die. No... I won't die. Not as a sacrifice, and definitely not to myself. So I'm rolling over ideas in my head... ideas... I mean. If I think long enough, keep talking to myself, I'll get an idea, right? I mean... I could just TELL them I'm the werewolf... but then the gig is up. No more supernatural scary stories, no more "sacrifices" where I give some poor soul a scared-shitless night and the mercy of the monster for the next year. NO more... no more home. I can't come back after that. So that's out. I could run away... but then the gig is up too. Good ol' Gregory ran away on the night of the sacrifice. I mean... what would the scary wherewolf do? If I, as a werewolf, don't terrorize the village, the gig is up. If I DO terrorize the village, I STILL don't get to come back home. I'm royally fucked. But the lavender smells good. So which is it? become a permanent hermet until I die in the woods... or terrorize the village, make a bunch of enemies, and probably end up getting myself killed? What would the spirits say? I think they'd say I'm fucked. I made the deal, I get the reward, and I get the consequences. My fault. Fuck. ----- The fire burns low. I'm out in the woods now - they're looking for me. I slipped out during the night to change in a cave nearby. My home away from home. What would they do if they found me? i'd tear their throats out of course... or not. I'm not sure. I pray to the spirits, the stones glowing softly upon my face. This is where I became a werewolf all those years ago. The third werewolf in the town - a title and power passed down from mortal to mortal looking for strength. Each time, the spirits granted the request. And each time, the village promptly sacrificed to keep us at bay. The story is that generations ago the werewolf was a bloodthirsty monster. Once every few months he would come by and slaughter villagers as a beast in the night, drifting from shadow to shadow. I don't know it was true or not, but they say that the sacrifices helped. I made a pact with myself that I would never do that. But within a week of the first werewolf sighting of me, the villagers were talking about restarting the ritual. They never considered my non-violent streak. I hunt deer - why would I kill my family? I tried to ignore them, but within another week they were contemplating hunting the beast themselves and killing it. Killing me. A choice I made, and I don't regret, for survival. Man... the spirits sure are tricky with this power. The thing is... you come in not really thinking of needing anything. You read the writing, the runes glow, and you THINK of something you need. For me, it was the strength to hunt. I was awful with a bow, still am to be honest. A failed hunt meant I starved, it meant my brothers, sisters, and parents would go hungry. Well... I can hunt alright now. After transformation I caught a killed a deer with my very own teeth. It look less than an hour. If I don't show up soon... they're going to hunt me. Maybe they'll think I already killed... me. I don't know. Spirits... take the gift back. I don't want it anymore. I don't know what you want from me, but I can't do it! The spirits... for all their mystical power... they don't answer. The runes softly glow, but they do not change. Fuck you runes. I howl. Fine... I won't be starving tonight. I won't be starving this year. If those beasts of humans want to kill me, then so be it. I'll teach them why they fear the night. And if I can't return home, then so be it. I'll find my food one way or another. Survival first. Always survival. 