
He'd keep the girl's secret, for now. She clung to him, legs gripping around his neck as he cut through cloud cover, gliding over neat squares of grain and orchard. Directly ahead, the towering spires of a mighty castle, rounded by thick blackened stone. A mark of the last dragon's assault. Humans used castles to hide from other humans. To dragons they only served as ovens when strafed with flaming breath. He felt no hunger today. His charge laid low, the speed and wind whipping hair and clothing about. Closer. Closer. Closer. The humans below pointed, many wailing and fleeing in terror. He could tell which humans were the smartest by their degree of hesitation. Older ones didn't even need to look up. They fled directly into fields, aiming for the cover of forests. To the courtyard. Banners fluttered on his approach, the power of his wings buffeting the entire courtyard with hot air. Courtiers, knights, guards, peasants, ladies, maidens, every person within the castle watched in awe as the dragon began to lower himself into the castle itself. White and gold flowers occupied neat plots of garden, golden leafed trees swayed to and fro. No fire and fury, no roars, no apocalyptic destruction. This sky would not blacken with ash. The woman trembled as she dismounted, which the dragon observed with some irony. Not the first time riding a dragon he supposed, albeit in a different context. He folded his wings upon his back, drawing himself on his hind legs, and closed his eyes. Smaller. Tinier. Weaker. A rather painful transition he hated making, but he found it necessary when dealing with humans. His spine twisted and snapped, his limbs cracked and moaned. No more scales, no more teeth, no more dragon hide. He stood upon awkwardly jelly like human legs, wearing a leather jerkin underneath a great black cloak. Always a difficult adjustment to a bipedal form. It felt jerky and unbalanced. Gingerly he offered his arm to the woman, who took it cautiously. "Where might I find your father, darling?" His human voice was rather silky, something he enjoyed. Wordlessly, she led him forward, past a stunned group of onlookers. High dragons held human forms. They were used to the dumb brutes who terrorized their hamlets and homes with mindless flame. They entered the Great Hall, and the dragon admired the streaks of color created by the stained glass windows. All around, humans stared slack jawed at this stranger, some doubting their own senses. Was he actually a dragon? Or an extremely accomplished sorcerer? The woman led him still, tight lipped and still trembling. Perhaps no longer in fear, but of anger. As was expected. He had killed her lover the night before. A mighty duel, his obsidian scales against her lover's crimson, high in the night sky. Flame and claw, tooth and bone. Below, a woman watched in wonder, discovering the unfortunately secretive nature of her abducting lover. Stars would twinkle, passively watching the black one throw his opponent's corpse into the earth, shattering him. How that woman had wailed, for either her imaginary virtue or her lover. Both disposable. So as long as it served his purpose, he would not tell the king that his daughter would cavort with a dragon posing in human form. A deceitful purpose, truly. But how else would a high dragon reproduce? With eggs? Mounting some mindless lizard? Please. They had standards, and humans were tolerable hosts, and dragons were rather persuasive. Their silver tongues incredibly dexterous, both linguistically and physically. Before the humans they mated with elves, which the humans had thoroughly eradicated. Orcish women were even more desirable than the monkeys, but they had to make do. Before him on a mighty throne waited the woman's father. This particular monarch was an accomplished one as he understood it. Or at least accomplished in the way of human standards of power. Great hosts of men under his command, feudal lords bending and scraping before him. Enemies crushed beneath his heel, and all that nonsense. The exchange was simple, the king's prize a standard one. A reward for the return of the princess, alive and relatively unspoiled. A personal request granted by the king or nearly any kind, and a single choice of any artifact within the treasury. The dragon knew exactly what he would pick. Without so much as a goodbye, the woman was whisked away by her ladies in waiting. So much the better. They'd discover her pregnancy fairly soon. Down into the dungeons. Into a room of gleaming treasure. He walked forward and grabbed a small pouch of azure pebbles. Humans had no use for such trinkets, and merely saw them as shiny baubles, rare but impractical, like most objects humans desired. Stones of the Morning they were called. Relics of a forgotten era. When his kind would fill the skies enough to cover the entire land in shadow. His cloaks whisks behind him as he takes his leave, making few words. Words, words, words. Always proclamations of intent and vanity, bow before the king you pitiful shit covered peasants, and the like. A dragon has no need for such trivial nonsense. He has no time to waste. In a ruin far away, another dragon whimpers in pain. Smaller, younger, sapphire. His only daughter, wounded by a knight of this very realm, who crept upon her as she slept as an assassin does upon his prey. She slew the man, roasting him to ash inside bulky plate armor, but not before sustaining near mortal wounds from a poisoned spear. In his hand now, the only cure. Today, he would leave in peace. Tomorrow, he would return in rage. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato - yeah I know this was supposed to be from the king's perspective but I got this idea instead. 