
Bump. The neighbors are at it again. Great. I'm just trying to get some sleep. I know it's Friday night. But still. Some of us need their sleep. Bump. Might as well get up. Desperately need to pee. I reached for my cell and used the flashlight. Thousands of little eyes on the walls, on the ceiling, on the bed... were looking back at me. Suddenly I was very much awake. I turned on my bedside lamp. Spiders. There were more than the ones I normally saw in the appartment. I did recognize Maxie, the jumping spider from the bathroom. With a series of quick little jumps, he approached me. I was too terrified to move. He jumped on the screen of my smartphone. What seemed to be a chaotic display of jumping prowess actually opened a notepad. A notepad with as message. "Hello Jonathan." Maxie was looking at me with his largest eyes. "Um... Hello?" He darted over the screen, typing letter per letter with his body. "We as your roommates want to show our appreciation." "Appreciation? For what?" "For feeding us. Instead of killing us on sight. Or chucking us out in the freezing winter. You could have done that, but you didn't. You gave us names and made sure our abdomens were filled. It allowed us to thrive. Even the males survived. The males that are normally eaten by the females during courtship. All thanks to you." Feeding them. The bugs. The bugs that I had zapped with the electric fly swatter. The ones I had tossed into the webs. "We know you are sad." "Sad? No no no, I'm not sad. I am a bit scared now. I did not know there were so many of you guys." "You are right. These are not only the spiders of your apartment. These are all the spiders from the entire building. They are helping." "Helping? With what?" "A surprise." Now I was really unnerved. What possible surprise could spiders present a human? "You see Jonathan, you are much like us: a lurker." "A lurker? You mean like a creep?" "No. We lurk in webs or on walls. We stalk our prey. You lurk too. But you admire your prey." "What prey? If you are so smart you can operate my phone, you should now I just get my food from the supermarket. Or that I order some take away if I'm really lazy." "Yes, we know. But that is not the prey I am referring too. Let me show you." With some skittering and bouncing Maxie had successfully opened my Facebook. And navigated to the contact that I admired from a distance: Dina. The one girl that I had a connection with. Until her parents had decided to move. This was way before Facebook existed. Now I no longer had the guts to talk to her. Her profile was pretty public. Yes, I lurked. Maxie opened the notepad again. "We have tracked her. And lured her." The sea of hairy legs and bodies opened. Bump. A giant cocoon was dragged into my bedroom. "She is sedated by some of us. Nothing permanent. She will be like this for a few more hours. You could mate with here without the risk of being eaten." "What... NO! Are you nuts?" He did not blink, but Maxie looked confused. Never thought a spider could look confused. "We were not sure. Could not reach consensus. We have a plan B." "More surprises?" "Yes. To woo a mate, we sometimes offer food. We have gathered a gourmet breakfast for the both of you in your kitchen." I was gasping for air. This was not happening. "Rest assured Jonathan, it is human food. Don't be afraid." Don't be afraid. Don't be fucking afraid?! Dina, in my house, passed out... How would that make me look? I was going to go to jail for this. "It's OK Jonathan, she went to a bar, she waited for a date that never arrived. And conveniently passed out in an alley. No one saw us, we transported her through the sewers. You could tell her you found her at the bar, recognized her, and brought her here to recover. Don't worry, look, we are removing the webbing. There will be no trace of us." The armada of spiders gently put her in the bed and was eating the cocoon. In a matter of minutes, Dina lay in Jonathan's bed. Like a sleeping beauty. I might have a real shot at this. "Okay. Your plan might work. I'll go sleep on the couch, and we'll see what happens in the morning." Maxie jumped exited up and down the screen, producing a lot of gibberish on the notepad. The spiders moved off, and I moved out of the bedroom. I made myself comfortable on the couch after a quick toilet break. One last look at the screen. Maxie was still there. "Sleep tight Jonathan. I will go back to my spot in the bathroom. O, before I forget. Don't worry about your neighbors. The widows took care of them. They won't be bothering you anymore." *Edit: Spelling* 