
"...and for the ten *millionth* time, would you all *please stop eating shellfish*!" "Is that all m'lord?" Metatron asked, quickly scribbling the last of the command down on its notepad. "I think so." I sighed, leaning back in the heavenly golden throne. "You think they might all listen for once?" "I doubt it m'lord. There has been no response from humanity in 5,321 years." "True true. It's that damned intercom system I bet. I should've never let humanity out of Eden I tell ya. Sure, it would've been a bit crowded but at least you didn't even have to shout to talk to them...now it's almost like the damned thing's not even on." "Very funny, but impossible m'lord. The power is always on." Metatron said flatly, pulling out an intercom system from within the spaces between the two glowing concentric rings that made its torso. "Did you make sure to press the talk button?" I teased, knowing full well I'd just get the same flat answer as before. Metatron really was the dullest angel in the Kaballah. Say all you want about Gabriel or Michael, but at least they could at least hold a half decent conversation. I guess that's my fault and all. Deciding to just create a new angel to be my speaker after Lucifer...fell instead of just promoting an existing archangel. But then again, the alternetive would be listening to Gabriel gossiping about who Zeus fucked now or to Michael describing all the way he's going to tortue Lucifer when he gets his hands on him for all of eternity and I'd rather go through the apocalypse than suffer through *that*. "Pardon, m'lord?" "The talk button. Y'know-" I pointed over at the button labeled 'TALK' on the intercom, which I just now noticed still had the protective film on it. "-it's...it's a...nevermind." "Why would I press the talk button m'lord?" "It's the button you press to...talk. To the world. " I looked at Metatron, confused about if this was it's idea of a joke or something else. "But I do not need to talk to the world m'lord. I am your speaker, I am not a talker." Metatron stared at me with all of its thousand eyes with such a lack of emotion that it was bordering on unsettling. "...Metatron, when you ta-act as my speaker to the world, what button do you press?" "I press the speaker button, m'lord." Metatron pointed at a well-worn button with a speaker icon underneath it. "To act as my speaker." "Yes m'lord." "Metatron-" I sunk into my throne, burrying my face into my hands. "-who are you?" "I am Metatron of the Keter, son of man, angel of the veil and The Lord's speaker, m'lord." "How old are you?" "I have been young, and now I am old, m-" "*how old Metatron?*" "5,321 years, m'lord." "So, in the five thousand or so years you've been in my service, you've always pressed that button to 'speak' to the world?" "yes, m'lord." "Metatron, that's the volume button." Say all you want about Gabriel and Michael, at least they knew how a fucking intercom worked. 