
Thomas knew Saint Lucia's Psychiatric Hospital was old, but he thought it just gave the place a certain charm. The vines that crawled their way up the cracked brick and stone gave the building an almost enchanting air. The ancient looking statues in the front yard were discolored and stained by age but Thomas thought it made them more interesting. He'd probably have admired it more if he wasn't so nervous. Thomas had never really told anyone about his 'issue'. It had started to manifest when he was twenty, just a few weeks after his birthday. He's gotten up to get a drink of water and had seen his long dead grandmother strolling the halls of his house. That he could've chalked up to a dream. And he did. But it kept happening, and with people he didn't know. It had gotten so bad, he'd started thinking some of the people were real. Alive. If he heard "Hey, who are you talking to?" one more time, he was going to lose it - if he hadn't already. There were a few people milling about in the front of Saint Lucia's, but they didn't acknowledge Thomas much. One gave him a sidelong glance, but quickly returned to picking flowers from the bushes. Even the front desk lady needed a cough or to before she looked up to Thomas. "Can I help you?" "I-" Thomas paused. He felt stupid. "I'd like to check myself in." The woman raised an eyebrow. "We don't get that often. Name?" "Thomas McNe." "Hm, yup. Alright, there's some paperwork I need you to fill out." "Of course." Thomas followed the woman into a side room. It looked like something directly out of the 60s, but considering that when a lot of these places were built, Thomas didn't think much of it. He took a seat in one of the bright orange chairs. The woman handed him the stack of papers. "Just bring them back up when you're done." Thomas nodded. A lot of the packet were questions; questions about him and his life. Writing out things he'd been so careful to avoid speaking out was... cathartic. All the earlier nervousness faded. Thomas felt good. It wasn't until the third page that he noticed the year stamped at the top of the pages. *1987?* Thomas almost laughed. This place was really going for that old style aesthetic. When he finished, he returned to the front desk. "You might want to think about getting new stationary." The front desk woman nodded absently. "Oh yeah?" "It says the year is still 1987." "What a surprise." Thomas frowned. *She's not very friendly, now is she?* "Well, you're in luck. We've got a few open rooms. Do you need someone to bring your things?" "Nope." Thomas pointed to his backpack. "I've got all I need." The woman hummed, grabbed a key from the wall, and waved for Thomas to follow. As they ascended to the higher floors, Thomas was surprised at how dirty the whole place was. The walls were stained black with dirty hand prints and the floor was covered in dust. Piles of used cups and plastic bags had been swept into the corners. Thomas suddenly felt less sure he was in the right place. The hallways were a little cleaner. A patient and nurse glanced his way as he passed. Neither spoke, just continued to stare. Thomas waved. Both turned away. "Here's where you'll be staying." The woman pushed open the door to the room labelled 346. "A nurse will come by to show you around and give you the schedule and rules. You aren't on any medication, are you?" Thomas shook his head. "Get settled in, then." Tossing his backpack on the bed, Thomas turned to the large single window in his room. It was, thankfully, one of the unbroken ones. The view overlooked the courtyard and Thomas breathed a sigh of relief. Sure, the place was a little dirty, but it wasn't like he could complain. There weren't many psychiatric hospitals around here and Thomas didn't have the means to move. He was lucky to find this one and, in the end, his sanity was more important than being picky about hand prints and a few dusty steps. Besides, his room was clean enough. Thomas finished unpacking and then waited around in his room for the nurse to show up. Ten minutes. Thirty minutes. An hour. Thomas was growing restless. *Did they forget I was here?* He *had* just showed up. He peeked out into the hallway and saw nothing but the tile floors. Unable to sit still anymore, Thomas opened the door and wandered out into the hallway. "Hello?" Silence. Thomas suddenly felt his blood run cold. This place hadn't been so quiet when he'd first walked through. Even if it was just the sound of the patrolling nurses' footsteps or opening and closing doors. But now it was silent. Dead silent. Thomas moved to the end of the hall, trying to see into the other rooms. Unfortunately, the glass had clouded over and he couldn't see a thing. He knocked on a few, but got no response. *I'll go check with the front desk.* But when Thomas reached the top of the stairs, he looked down and froze. His heart thundered in his ears. "No." There was only one set of footprints in the dust. 