
"Kinda cute" was the first thing that came to mind when the smoke cleared. Bright yellow. Bigger than I have ever seen but still innocent looking. And that smile. It never stopped smiling. I went back to re-read my scroll. The lemon walked up and held its arms up. Like it wanted me to pick it up. Without thinking I bent down picked it up and set it on my shoulder. The little lemon feet kicked back and forth carelessly and I found myself smiling at how happy it was. Now back to my reading. I'd have the soul of the charlatan who had sold me this. But until then I would remember to avoid impulsive purchases again. Stupid thing had cost me enough silvers to eat at the Kings table for a week too. Oh well. No use being angry over it now. As I read over it more carefully a pit grew in my stomach. "May cause interdimensional rift. Read aloud once only". Stars fall upon me. I'd read it start to finish before I started the incantation. I always do a practice run to make sure i read it correctly. Except, I hadn't. Suddenly, the entire room filled from the walls in with thick smoke. The lemon stood up on my shoulder. Its eyes began to glow and it waved both arms in a quick circle and punched forward. We were both ripped through the air and instantly I found myself close to half a mile away. I barely had time to turn around and face my cottage before the flames came rushing up to me. The lemon made a sweeping motion left to right and the fire hit a wall, stopping in front of us. Then the lemon jumped off me and drew a circle in the ground around it and clapped both hands together. The ground shook as it jumped up again and hit the ground with both fists. The ground around us opened up and swallowed the fire up from beneath. The lemon stomped the ground with one foot and hit the opposite palm with closed fist. The ground closed up taking the fire with it. The lemon started to smile again and lifted its arms for me to pick it up again. I had no idea what I had summoned but I was thankful that I had. In the world of magic, you never know when you'll need lemon aide. 