
&#x200B; Deep down he just felt that this was wrong. I mean, he weighed 700 pounds. He had mandibles. He had poison. His claws were designed to rip through angelic armor. His voice could topple nations and his stinger would cause men to beg for death should they be unlucky enough to be hit. And we haven't even gotten to the scaly hide, sulfuric acid sacs, aptitude for wielding a fork in battle and physical strength that wouldn't look out of place in a Marvel movie. Yet here he was, held to the ground in a forceful grip by a small man in tan shorts. "Crikey, it's a big one" Big one. BIG ONE? He had trained for eons to deal the death blow to arch-angels. He was lord of the fourth circle of the second plane of hell. He could lie better than a professional lobbyist and seduce any creature capable of cognitive thought. No small feat when you have hooves and your breath could lay waste to a Roman legion. "The big ones are easy" The words hurt. He was actually hurt. It was a new sensation and he did not like it. He was made to hurt, not to be hurt. "But at least it ain't a parrot. Parrots always bite me for some reason" He roared. Well more correctly he tried to roar. His jaws were locked shut. What came out was more of an "ghrhhrggg". He was stumped. His roars was the stuff of legend. Poets wrote for months just by having nightmarish visions of his roars. And where did the film-crew come from anyway? Didn't they always end up down here? He rolled in the little man's grip and cast his vision over the scruffy looking group that accompanied him. Was that a 60 Minutes logo? "He'll relax soon enough. We're not hurting him, we're just waiting for him to calm down" Aha. An opening for deceit. Such mortal hubris. He would relax and wait for an opportunity to strike. Tear flesh from bone, melt skin and take this imbecile's head and use it for jewelry. He almost cackled madly. Then thought better of it. Deceit. Yes. The Camera crew came closer. Excellent. He could already imagine the agonizing cries as they slowly died on stakes. There. The little man relaxed. He prepared. He could taste the sweet taste of victory. Every muscle fiber in his body struck out in unison. "Oh, he's still got some attitude left in him" Nothing. NOTHING? It was a move that would have obliterated Goliath, but the little man hadn't even flinched. I mean there were laws. Physical laws. Wasn't there? Square circles and all that? What was this feeling? "He'll calm down any minute now?" I mean. If he couldn't even handle a small Australian, why was he even here? He had followed the dark lord for millennia. He had been perfected into a weapon to strike at the heart of hell's enemies. And here he was. Held immobile by some ever-smiling man who didn't even want to hurt him. "There you go buddy, there you go buddy" Was that a pat? A PAT? Did this mortal nuisance just pat his forehead? He would terrorize thousands for this. He would obliterate his descendants, remove any trace of him from history. It did feel nice though. There wasn't a lot of patting in hell really. "Just calm down, there" I mean, it was mostly fighting, torture, scaring people. All that stuff. Not much time for relaxing at all. Come to think of it, being a big scary demon was really more of a life than a job. "shh, now" And that was all good, I mean all-evil. But maybe there was more to life than horrifying the damned? I mean, come to think of it... had he actually done any fighting against the legions of heaven? "we're not here to hurt you" That was the point, wasn't it? To fight the legions of heaven. But that wasn't what he had spent the last millennia doing. If you left out the grizzly details out of it all, he was really more of a janitor than a soldier. "As you can see, he is all calm now" He relaxed his muscles. "I am going to let to now, buddy" The iron grip let go. He should fight. He really should. That was what the dark lord had instructed him to do. But really, what was the point? "Ok now folks, we'll just slowly get out of here. I don't think our buddy is going bother us now" For the first time in his two thousand year existence, he relaxed. &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; &#x200B; 