
I think one of the most memorable lessons I ever learned was from my Papa. He would always tell me, puffing his chest up proudly: *"Giovanni, you can get so far in America if you never give a straight answer."* He wasn't good at English, you see, but he could never admit it; so if someone asked him if he understood and he didn't, his answer was always along the lines of *"More or less"* or *"The answer is clear."* But he'd do that even if he did understand, just so people could never be sure if he did or not. Papa was strange that way. I suppose I am too, thanks to him. Giving a direct Yes/No answer always makes me uneasy. Cost me a few relationships, but hey, what can you do? I inherited the restaurant after Papa died. Renamed it after him: *Papa Franzetti's.* Inherited his recipes too, *grazie a Dio.* I make good food and good profits. The place has gotten so famous I get the occasional celebrity visit. I've had Joe Pesci and Robert de Niro visit a couple times, and even Joe Namath dropped by once! Wow! I still got the napkin he signed. I see a lot of Italians like me too. They wear nice suits, really fancy jewelry. Gold watches, stuff like that. They're funny folk though: I'll bring them some bread and they'll ask me things like, *"Have you taken care of our newest associates?"* and I say *"It's being handled,"* because even though I'm not waiting on their friends at Table 7, Table 7 is still getting to see the wine menu so I'm not technically wrong. Then they shake my hand and smile and usually leave a $5,000 tip. Like I said, funny folk. Not complaining though. I guess they just *really* like the service! Good news though! I've been seeing a new woman for a year now. She's the daughter of one of those guys, some older gentleman who barely speaks any English and kinda sounds like he's got cotton balls in his mouth. He grabbed my sleeve and said to me in Italian, *"My boy, my daughter is becoming a woman and I think she must have a husband. I can think of no man more trustworthy in this business than you."* I was flattered. I replied *"If that is what you think is best, then who am I to argue?"* He liked that. The guy said 'this business' so I guess he's a restaurateur also? Not sure, but his daughter Bianca is really nice. She dresses like a supermodel and drives a Maserati, so I guess he owns like, a really successful chain or something. Maybe Sbarro. Anyways, Bianca and I get along really well: she says I'm *"refreshing"* because I'm not a *"murderous brute"* like her father's other friends. Which I can get, the food industry is pretty cutthroat sometimes, especially if you're franchising. That's why I stay small-scale. Papa always told me *"Nothing good comes from too much ambition except what you can provide for your family. Family is what matters."* I tell my customers that and they nod solemnly and agree and tell me how trustworthy I am. But Bianca and I have really hit it off, and I think that my current ambition suits me just fine. I think Papa would approve. Now, where'd Mama's old ring go? 