
The crops were good that year, despite the weather. Boomba leaned against his old shed, rusted and half-rotten, and admired the green and gold rows sweeping out across his property. How had he come to be so lucky? Laloomba called out through the kitchen window. It was dinner time. Toomba and Hiloomba were seated at the table, smiling like saints as they silently kicked each other under the tablecloth. Laloomba laid out a banquet, slowing only long enough to rest her head against her husband's and sigh, "I love you" into his ear. How could anyone be so lucky? Before they could eat, however, there was a knock on the door. "Who could that be?" said Laloomba. They lived so far away from anyone else. Boomba opened the door. His heart sank. The troopa standing outside was already wearing his battle helmet, shifting a large hammer from hand to hand. "It's time," said the troopa quietly. "Say your goodbyes quickly. We must be on the front lines by morning." "Why?" hissed Boomba. "Why now? Why again? After all this time..." "The King does as he sees fit," said the troopa wearily. "It isn't for us to question. Now come along. We've a long way to go." Feeling cold and sick, Boomba turned back to his kitchen. It was clear Laloomba already knew what was happening. She went not to Boomba, but to their children. "Father is going on a short trip," she said, brightly, gently. "He'll be back soon, won't you?" Boomba nodded. "So soon." Then the troopa dragged him from the house and the march began. "I hardly remember how it's done," said Boomba, walking in a near daze. The troopa shrugged. "You'll pick it up." "He really kidnapped her again?" said Boomba. "We're really invading?" "Men like him never learn," said the troopa, without looking back. "That's what makes them great." "What does that say for us?" "No one says anything for us," replied the troopa. "And that's just how it should be." They had reached the plains of the Mushroom Kingdom at first light. Cracked brick road, floating brick shelves, coin boxes, and those enormous, gawping pipes. It put a shiver down Boomba's spine. "D'you think he'll come? Even now - d'you think he'll still come?" Troopa shook his head. "Why wouldn't he? Now, there's where you go. I'm back a ways. I'd say good luck, but...you know." "Right." And Boomba was alone. Back on the plains of war. It didn't come back to him. None of it. "How do I fight a man like that?" he whispered, looking up at the bright blue sky. "What chance is there for me?" Perhaps none. But so it went. Because there he was. As if appearing from the nothingness, he stood on the plains and began to walk towards Boomba. And Boomba was frozen. His mind went blank and white. All he could do was walk, forward, straight towards the enemy. The sky was so blue. Boomba walked. The man came forward. Boomba's heart pounded so fiercely he thought he might pass out. "What do I do? What do I do?" "Nothing," Boomba realized. "Just keep moving." The man came forward. He leapt. So high for a man that size. What strange grace. It all came back to Boomba. The hell of it all. The horror. The man came swooping down. Death, death, death. "This is my death," whispered Boomba. The man landed. Too short. A hair too short. Boomba went forward. He touched the man. "Now..." thought Boomba. "Now..." The man died. Instantly. It was over. Later they made a statue of Boomba. The great King would raise him high, higher than any simple farmer had ever been raised. And when they asked him his secret - the secret of battle and victory - he would always say the same: "Forward. Go forward. That's all you need to know." 