
"EVERYONE STOP FUCKING MOVING!" Isaac in the most authoritative voice he could muster. The team behind him jolly and carefree due to their guide being a vampire suddenly remembered how far away they were from daylight. And fell silent. Joyce and Peter exchanged silent words mouthing to eachother for someone to ask the vampire what was wrong. Joyce spoke up. "W-what is it Isaac?" "We aren't in danger yet. But you know a few hours ago when you were all pestering me about vampire myths. The garlic and running water shit?" "Yeaaaa..." Pete replied. "Remember how I said the only one with merit was needing to be invited into someones home?" The group was silent aside from Stevens carabeaners klinking. "Yea. I can't move forward. So I'm gonna need everyone to SLOWLY back the fuck up and turn around." Panic set into the group but knowing nothing about what lay before them they followed the vampires orders. "I'm going to stay here for a moment and see if I can find anything out. I want you all to go back through the crack. The one we had to take our bags off to fit thro-." Isaac stoped and stared forward into the darkness. His head turning to point his ears forward. "Fit through. If whatever this is is big we should be okay. If not I should be able to fight it off unless.... I. Well worry about that later. But go. Now. It's still safe." The group turned and practically ran back to the alcove Isaac instructed. If it wasn't for the narrow path and the sharp cystaline structures they would have been racing. The group sat around the lamps they laid out. Uncomfortable silence around them. Wondering when Isaac would be back. Eventually Joyce couldn't take the quiet. "Pete. You found Isaac you know about the weird creepy world. What the fuck could be down here!?" "I. I have no idea. You think I know anymore than you past "they are real-ish" I found one werewolf and he told me about Isaac. That's it." "Well you're one step ahead of most people there." Isaac spoke from the darkness startling everyone as he walked toward the light. "Of all the times to do that shit it isn't after you tell us to stop and turn back BECAUSE YOU CAN'T GO FORWARD!" Steven snapped. "You hush.. they might hear you." Isaac replied. A sly smile spread across his face, ever so slightly revealing much sharper cuspids than normal. "So what the hell lives down here that caused that?!" Pete questioned. The vampire shrugged. "Dunno if we trust local legend it would be the home of the local gods. Or monsters, they'd have to be smart too. Smart enough to be able to actually invite me in. But local legend stops being so trustworthy around the 1800's. That's when everything just kinda went wherever they wanted..." "Okay. So we don't know what it is. We don't know how to get around it. And we don't know if it's dangerous." Joyce said. "Well two of the things you said are correct." Opening his pack and pulling out a roll of fabric. Isaac tossed it on the ground and kicked it to unfurl the tapestry. The group looked down. And then back up at Isaac. No one speaking. "What? No excited yelling asking me "what the fuck a roll of fabric is gonna do?" You guys aren't any fun." He sighed. Joyce rolled her eyes and begrudgingly asked. "So what's the roll of fabric gonna do?" "You forgot the expletive. But I'll be glad to tell you all. It's a creation of my own design. On there you see is the word 'Welcome' in every language I could remember existed. Some are no longer spoken. Some are very niche. And some I'm pretty sure are made up. But still." "So you can get past the need to be invited in with this?" Joyce asked a look of disbelief on her face. "That's the most easy workaround I've ever heard in my whole life." "Ah don't be so quick to pat me on the back. It only works for one room before I need to toss it out again. And it's not like *I* can wear it and walk through the whole abode. Gotta be in front of me." "And we don't know where one "room" starts down here... because it's defined by who lives there." Pete muttered. "Now you're catching on Petey boy!" The vampire sat there smug for a moment. Waiting for the group to come up with the next step on their own. "Afterall I can't come up with EVERYTHING." He thought to himself. "... who's going to wear it?" Joyce asked her human companions. After a while of no one saying anything Isaac chose for them. "Peter. Batter up. You found me and hired me. You get to wear the Russian grandmother shawl." Peter sighed. And stood up. "That is unless you rather we leave the mysterious a mystery and turn home. But think. What if it isn't dangerous after all, which it probably is, and you discover something amazing." "Just give me the damn tapestry." Isaac leading the charge deeper into the cave. His attitude care free, probably for the benefit of them, but the group had been around him enough to know he also was on edge. And anything that could put a vampire on edge scared the hell out of the rest of them. Hey guys hope you enjoyed this. I'd love to do a part two later today if anyone would like to read more. Gotta get to classes even though it's syllabus week and a waste of time anyhow. 