
When I got home, finding a demon on my couch was not what I expected. He was dark as the night, half the size of a man, with white, ram-like horns, and large blue claws. Little cascades of flames fell down his slitted eyes, turning the tub of ice cream he was holding into soup. He was sobbing like a teenager who just had his heart broken for the first time, and I had my suspicions that his sobs were connected with the little tremors shaking the ground. There was fear in my heart, and worries in my mind. Still, dubious as I was, I stepped forth, and scratching the back of my head, I said, "Hey, buddy. My name is Lucas. Could you...tell me if I can help you in anyway?" In a blurry motion, his head snapped to the side. He held my gaze, firey-tears hanging on his charred skin. He screeched then, and my cat left his lap. I leapt back, clutched my chest, and held out a hand out of pure instinct. But the demon never ran to kill me. Instead he stood up, his arms dejected, and eyeing the ground, he said, "I was--I was bathing in the Everpain River, and--and then I was not, and then there was a mage holding a book, and he didn't let me come back to my world, and when I tried to force him through--through pain, lights came out of his hands, and they hurt too much, and so I--I escaped." I went by his side, tapped the couch so he would sit. "Listen, buddy, I don't know what's happening, and the stain in my pants betrays my fear. Ten minutes ago I thought magic and demons didn't exist, but apparently they do. You have to understand I'm not in the best state of mind right now. However, we can watch a movie and relax. It's quite late to go seeking for hidden books with spells, and all those things. But I promise tomorrow we will go. What do you say?" The demon looked at me, his eyes of liquid fire turned blue, and after a deep breath, he nodded, and said, "My name is Tructus. You don't have to be afraid, I'm not an evil demon." I shook his hand. It felt like grabbing a cold, slightly jagged stone. "What movie do you want to watch?" "The Exorcist." "I--I didn't expect you would know any movie." He didn't have brows, but still his forehead bent in such a way that his confusion was clear. "It's a classic, one of the finest movies from where I come from." "Alright, The Exorcist it is," I said, and turned on the-- The wall exploded. Hundreds of fist-sized stones flew toward us, gleaming a vibrant blue. Tructus leapt, and hovered midair. He held out his hands, and two bloodred waves rippled out of his palms, reducing the rocks that touched them to cinders. I sprung behind the couch, trembling wildly. The noises heightened, Tructus screeched, errant stones struck the walls, burning them. Desperate, I eyed my bedroom's door. It was a few feet away, yet lights of many colors tinged the room, shifting, rising, ebbing. I didn't have a choice, if I stayed here, something would kill me. I crawled forth, and almost as an omen, half the roof crumbled behind me. There was a muffled voice that didn't belong to Tructus. That didn't matter now. I had to get to my bedroom and escape through the window. I crawled, and crawled and crawled, until I reached the door, opened it, and when I was scurrying to get inside, I saw a bald man clad in black robes whispering things I couldn't hear right where my wall used to be. Torrents of iridescent lights flew out of him, and they were ravenous for a piece of Tructus. The small demon was inside a red sphere, clenching his razor-sharp teeth, mending his protective ball as the projectiles struck it ruthlessly. Once in my bedroom, I opened the drawer, took out an old friend, and left through the window. My legs wobbled, tears threatened to slink past my eyes, but I still skirted my home, until I was behind the mage. Only then I dug out the gun, and pulled the trigger. The man fell to the ground, and the night returned to its usual darkness. Tructus left his little sphere, eyed the mage, then eyed me. "You said you didn't know spells, or magic." "This is not magic," I said, showed him the gun. "Don't you know pistols?" "I do now." He smiled a cunning smile. "I thought he was going to kill me." "No one, not even a mage gets to destroy half my home and leave unscathed." I knelt beside the limp man, and after feeling his pockets, I found a wallet, and from it, I picked out his ID. "Now we know where he lives." Tructus scratched his horns. "Is that good?" "He must have books full of spells. The answer as to how to get you back to your world must be there," I said, and drew a deep breath. "We will do that tomorrow. Now we should take care of this mess." "Leave that to me," Tructus said. "I'm hungry. [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/ba8qx2/wp_after_getting_home_from_a_long_day_at_work_you/eka4oli/) -------------------------------- r/NoahElowyn 