
The world shook when all of our elders fell ill. Then it froze when none of them recovered. It turns out there there were more citizens 60 and up then there were in the younger generation. I know it shouldn't seem like it's all that surprising, but personally, I had never really thought about it. Families were devastated and ripped apart and world governments fell as our leaders faded away. The first thing I did was look into the virus that started it all. I wanted to ensure that it wasn't going to return in 40 years and kill the world again, myself included. A lot of the science labs had to combine. Funding and leadership had dropped significantly, but I was able to join one in my hometown that had vials of the virus left over to study. They didn't turn anyone away, especially when they were eager and had a laboratory background. We partnered with everyone we could to bring money in and keep the equipment running so that we could run tests. We wanted to know where it had come from and how it worked. I spent 15 hours a day in that lab, and some nights I would sleep on a little box pushed against a wall. The room was cold and a dim light on the ceiling never turned off. The sleep I got there was usually from sheer exhaustion, but I knew I wasn't the only one. Science drove us- discovery gave us the fuel to keep going. Afterall, wouldn't we all know someone that turned 60 soon? Weren't we all going to age? Shouldn't someone figure out a cure while the governments rebuild? *** "Matt," Alex called from the doorway of my private lab. I turned my head half an inch, hoping he was looking closely enough to see the movement. I had my eyes down at a sample and didn't want to risk missing the reaction. "Lori wants to meet us in the breakroom," Alex called again. "K." I heard his feet walk away. They weren't in the direction of the breakroom, despite his proclamation- he must have been sent to let us all know. Ever the errand boy. Out of sheer habit and human curiosity, I glanced up at the door. It was open, and empty with nothing of note in the hallway. Shaking my head I looked back down, and the entire sample was purple. "Fuck," I muttered and shoved it in the dirty tool bin. An ache began to form behind my eyes. I was tired, and getting careless. It wasn't going to help anyone. Humanity couldn't risk its leaders dying off again. With no inclination to be badgered about the meeting in the breakroom, I pulled my gloves off my hands, and stripped off my coat and glasses. I had another sample to use, but it would keep. Lori would not. I threw my outerwear in the cot, and made my way down the hallway, hoping I wasn't wasting time for another useless staff meeting. The lights of the halls flickered as a I walked. It was a normal occurrence but in my current state plus agitation at being pulled away, the effect seemed intensified. It felt like a strobe light keeping pace with me. I would see my foot moving in front of me, and then I would see the pale tile floor. By the time I got to the break room, my eyes felt strained and my mood had turned from sour to...mostly odd. A small spike of anxiety rolled through me as I left the hallway, the kind that felt familiar in a "empty hallway of a haunted house" type way. I rolled my shoulders and sat down next to my associates. It was silly, and I knew I just needed a nap. Several moments after I arrived, I heard two sets of footsteps coming from the flickering hallway. My heart picked up its pace a notch just before Lori and Alex walked through the door. Trying not to think about the fact that I was losing my mind a little bit, I trained my focus on our fearless and slightly annoying leader in these dire times. She took her place against the wall in front of all of us and cleared her throat. "I have...news." Lori let it hang in the air with an expectant look on her face. When none of us chimed in with questions, she continued. "This morning I found something in my sample. I managed to break apart an outer shell and spotted it..." She hesitated again, crossing her arms over her chest. "I found a signature." "A signature?" a voice to my left asked. "A signature," Lori repeated. "Left by the designer of the virus." /r/beezus_writes 