
You know that feeling of being absolutely, and without a shadow of a doubt, wrong? It's soul crushing for some, but uplifting for others. All my life I had laughed at the silliness of the religious people because, let's be honest here, what they were suggesting was often *silly*. I mean, Earth being a few millennia old? When you die you get seventy-something virgins (where did all those virgins come from)? Was our world a giant tree, or flat, or shaped like a cigar? Why was the Pearly Gates not made in another material? Why did Moses spend forty years in that desert? Why did you need six arms if you were a goddess? See what I'm saying? Anyway, I was wrong, and here I was about to be judged for my crimes and spend the rest of my life in... well, I was curious how they'd decide which Hell I'd go to. "She lived in New York City, that means she belongs to me," Yahweh said and hovered in front of me, his white beard flapping in some unseen breeze. I stared at the naked body of the floating god. The Christian Hell was one of the worst. I found myself inching backward. I had committed most of the sins and would definitely have a rough time down there. "Need I remind you that NYC is on an ancient burial ground of my people - that means she's mine," Gitche Manitou whispered softly. The gaseous form of the Native American deity swirled around my legs. Maybe that wouldn't be so bad - was there even a Hell in that religion? I was just about to accept when a massive man with a raven on his shoulder stepped forth, his one eye ogling his opponents. "Look at her - those blonde locks and blue eyes," Odin rumbled, "She's clearly the descendant of a Viking!" The man took a step forward and put his massive hand on my shoulder. I felt myself quivering. Then he smiled and winked at me. "I want you at my table in Valhalla," he said. "Choose me, and I'll let you sit with Freya and the Valkyries." Choose? Did I have a choice in the matter? Gaping, I stared at the crowd of gods before me. Were they all here to compete for my immortal soul? "Of course," said a man in a toga, with a lightning bolt crackling in his hand. "Have you ever been to Greece, Little Girl? Join me at Mt. Olympus, and I'll see to all your needs." "And, in return, she'll have to fill all your needs, I bet?" said a man with blue skin and four arms. "I'm sure she'd *love* to go home with a repeated sex offender or an old nudist fart!" Both Yahweh and Zeus scowled at Shiva as he floated over to me and patted me with his bottom right hand. "Come with me, and I'll show my world. My religion is one of the oldest, and you know why? Because it works! I leave no soul disappointed." "What he's not telling you, is that his heaven is basically empty... he'll send you right back to Earth in the form of a snail or insect - he'll recycle you until you no longer understand what's up or down - that's why he has no complaints because only a select few actually reach the final stage!" It was the man with the falcon head that spoke. Graciously he sauntered up to me, spinning an ankh on his index finger. "My pyramids still stand," Ra continued. "And will continue to do so, long after the churches, temples, and mosques of these fools are gone. I don't settle for anything less than greatness... Come with me, and I'll share my eternal wisdom... I'll show you the true light of the sun!" That did sound nice; I had to admit. I had always been fascinated with science in life. Perhaps with access to his wisdom, I could answer many of the questions I had? "Wisdom, hah!" said a man on a bamboo mat, his golden skin glittering as he laughed. "What wisdom can someone with a giant fidget spinner really provide?" Buddha remained cross-legged on his meditation mat but looked at me intensely. "I've meditated for thousands of years, and my insights are unparalleled. If it's wisdom you're after, please join me at my temple - a temple that, for the record, isn't made out of dusty Saharan sand, but from the lively walls of your mind." I sighed as a Mayan god approached me, and a long line of deities snaked behind him, all waiting for their turn to try and convince me. The choice seemed like an impossible one to make. "Guys, I need to think," I said and sat down under a tree. I looked at all the odd figures watching me expectantly. I'd never thought dying would be so stressful. What if I picked the wrong one? A bored-looking man with long dark hair was leaning against the tree. I didn't remember him approaching me. "Why didn't you offer me anything to choose your heaven?" I asked. "Who? Me?" he said and took a sip from a jar. "I don't really care; I'm just filling in for Jupiter." "I desperately need a drink right now." He shrugged and handed me the jar. I had expected to taste the nectar of heaven, but instead, cheap box-wine rolled down my throat. "So, what do you have to offer me?" I asked after another gulp. "Nothing, really," he said. "I usually just chill out, you know... drink wine, eat grapes... nothing interesting." I smiled. After living a stressful life, all I wanted to do was relax. "I think I'll choose your heaven," I said after a drawn out pause. The man shrugged. "You'll have to get your own jar, though." ***** For more stories check out r/Lilwa_Dexel Thank you for the gold! 