
"Don't ya think?" I sighed and tapped God on the shoulder, drawing his attention away from his Zune and bracing myself for what came next as He turned to face me. "Yeah I really do think." I put on my best try-not-to-cringe face and nodded sagely. "You are indeed wise. The council is ready to make its recommendations to you, my Lord." "Excellent!" He smiled and strode confidently into the hallway, leaving feint traces of Alanis behind Him. I hurried to catch up and closed the door behind Him as we entered the council room. The greatest (dead, atheist) minds of humanity were already seated, save one. A grey-haired man stood at the easel, ready to begin what was possibly the most important presentation of his afterlife. That man's name? Albert Einstein. After everybody was finished clapping, God summoned his throne and sat, relaxed, one earbud still firmly in his ear. He nodded at Einstein to get going. "Since the creation of Heaven, in Your wisdom, the systems here have been powered by......irony." "Yeah! Isn't it great?" God interjected. "Endless supply of irony from those humans, you know. If we're running low on power I just find a wedding and throw a little rain shower on it. BOOM! Instant energy!" Einstein's try-not-to-cringe face wasn't as convincing as mine. "Yes, while that system has somehow continued to work for thousands of years, we're facing serious energy shortages in Heaven and we need an alternative solution. After all, if the power goes out here, all life on Earth is snuffed out as well." This thought seemed to sober God up for a moment. He nodded thoughtfully. "Without the humans, there would be no irony to power Heaven! This is unacceptable. What have you come up with?" Einstein turned back to his easel. "The most obvious solution here is water-powered energy. Earth has plenty of it, you can make it rain whenever you want, and it doesn't pollute." Einstein looked as if the matter had been settled. "Nah, next idea." A murmur went up from the table. Nobody really expected God to refuse the hydro-electric services. The plan was perfect. A couple more ideas were bandied about. "Wind-powered generators." "Solar power!" (It IS always sunny in Heaven) "Giant hamsters on huge wheels." At the last suggestion, God perked up until He thought about the size of those hamster droppings. "No, no, no. This is all mundane. Expected. Boring. You guys just don't GET IT. If this is all you NON-BELIEVERS can come up with, maybe you don't deserve to live after all." He was halfway out the door when I whispered the words that made Him stop in His tracks. "Yeah I really do think." He turned to me, curiosity in His eyes. "What is your suggestion, Elvis?" "Well it seems pretty obvious to me. The curiosity of humans led to the discovery of nuclear fission, and the humans predictable desire to weaponize that power led to the death of thousands of their kind. What is more ironic than using the destructive potential of nuclear power to save the very race that would use it to kill themselves?" A smile spread on God's face, bright and beaming. "Like winning the lottery, and dying the next day! This is a brilliant idea! I shall make you my right-hand man, Elvis! All the spoils of my Kingdom await you!" "No thanks, just because I'm living up here in Heaven with you doesn't mean I believe you're real. I appreciate the offer, though." He nodded understandingly. "Isn't it ironic?" 