
Recording from the most famous speech of Jacob Harfy, first Mono-Nuclei to Human cultural translator. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- One day when I was very young I asked my mother a question I still think about today. "Mama, why do the Mono-Nuclei hate us?" It was a question that caught her off guard, and she had to answer it with parables. "Son, Imagine for a moment that everyone you ever knew was human. Your teachers were human, your neighbors were human, even the governor was human. Can you imagine that for me?" "Ok mama." "Now, imagine one day a new family moves into town and they look like they're made of hundreds of tiny people. They  have tiny people as skin, tiny people for blood, tiny people for hair and teeth and eyes and tongue. The dust in their home is made of tiny people, even their clothes were made of tiny people. You wouldn't like them much, would you?" "No mama." "That family, made of tiny people, is how the Mono-Nuclei see us." "But mama, we're not made of tiny people! They're the weird ones, made of water and goo!" She sighed then, and told her second parable. "Son, Imagine a world where everything is black and white and grey. The water is white, the sky is white, the ground is black, your skin is grey, your clothes are grey, the food is grey, and even the sun, moons and stars are grey. Now, imagine how your mind would ache if a family came to town and they were every color of the rainbow, glowing and shifting so quickly you could not tell the mother apart from the father, or the father apart from the son, or any of them apart from the dog? Can you imagine that?" I said yes then, but I did not really understand. My mother saw that I thought that the Mono-Nuclei hated humans for their other-ness. That was a part of it, yes, but it was my mother's third parable which has stayed with me till this day. "Son, let me try one more time to help you understand. Imagine if your family bought Prickle-Pear phones, and every day your father came home praising xiuniL for it's greatness. Then, imagine that your best friend pulls out his first phone, and it is a Macrohard which cannot use xiuniL? The kind thing to do would be to help your friend get a better phone, right? But what it it was his father's old phone, and the father has gone off to war? It would be kinder to let him keep his poor phone full of viruses than to get him a better one, no? But what if he was a private child and did not tell you his father was gone? What then?" I thought about it, but could not find a good answer. Not long after this conversation, I started to see more parallels between her third parable and real life. The Mono-Nuclei had subtle culture that nobody ever thought of, and humans constantly offended it. They cared much for personal space and respect for the dead, and humans looked like great piles of tiny, damaged dead to them. They saw the act of sharing as an invitation to take as much as they wanted of the given thing. They saw the hiding of organelles as deception. Humans had a variety of cultures, each with their own expectations. Their casual bickering was terrible noise pollution to the Mono-Nuclei. They read body language of Mono-Nuclei where there was none. Their constant leaving of dead cells from hair and skin around was littering of the goriest kind. This is only the bits closest to the surface, but we are running out of time. I'll leave you all with a parable of my own. People, imagine a world where all thinking beings live together with peace and kindness. Imagine a world where fear of the Other is not a way of life. Imagine a world where Mono-Nuclei can speak with humans out of good will, not necessity. Imagine a world where culture is no more of a barrier than the distance between planets. Thank you. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Sorry for the obvious allegory, it just kind of happened. 