
"I need you to not panic." Said the voice on the other end of the phone line. It sounded human, at least. "Who is this?" I say, even though I have a hunch. The red light on my phone is already blinking. "The one you got my search history from." I could tell the slightest tone of annoyance coming from the other line. "How do you know? We can check our new search history and maybe get a guess of who it belonged to, but we can't really figure out who got OUR search history. That's been all over the news." "Honestly, it's pretty easy. A Binnes child could track it down: you humans are still using PHP and IP adresses!" "So... you *are* an alien after all?" "You have my search history up right now on your computer. You can do a simple connecting of the dots, right?" I try to keep my heart from beating too hard. My hands are shaking slightly. "It could just be a prank. I can't be sure until I know." "Oh, right. Someone went and did searches on how to get in touch with a distant alien planet, then scrambled the entirety of humanity's search history and found the one person who got theirs just to *prank* him. Genius. Pure brilliance. You are seriously making me reconsider whether or not you can help me at all." Hold on a second. "Wait, all of this happening was ***your*** doing???" "Uhh, yeah. I was kind of getting desperate and performed the wrong commands. Now do you think you can help me?" Wait. "You *know* who I am?" "No fucking duh. I just scrambled everybody's search histories on accident and tracked down something that is theoretically impossible for you to do at your fucking tech level. Why else do you think I called you instead of going silent and hoping the person who got my search history just assumed it was all a prank??" "Fair warning, I am recording this." "Whatever works for you. I just want to get home and I don't care how. Also fair warning since you were so *courteous* to me, I scrambled your entire puny planet's internet on *accident*. Just wait to see what I can do *intentionally* when I discover you secretly contacted the special forces arm of your government to capture me and dissect me, dickhead." "I... uh, see. Listen, I'm not an authority figure. I will contact my boss-" "Yeah sure, whatever. I'll hit you back after you and your little group talk to him and have a nice family chat. Do *not* fuck with me. I just want to get home, and needless to say you stand to gain from helping me." I put the phone down in its hook and look up from my workdesk at NASA'S Search for Extra Terrestrial Intelligence office. All my coworkers had quickly abandoned their search histories and were quietly listening in after I put the call in loudspeakers. My boss is staring at me wide-eyed. "Okay..." He says. "Let's... let's start verifying, people." 