
"This is wrong, I belong with my lord and saviour Jesus Christ." I said. I made enough noise outside the longhouse for someone to come out, I refused to go in anyway. A young man wearing a tunic stood in front of me looking confused. "But you died in battle?" "I died in self defense and we Christians don't believe in fairy tales, so you better send me to heaven." "Listen, Ethel was it? Self defense or not, it is still battle. The rules are pretty simple." "But I believe in God, in Jesus, I don't believe in your heathen gods!" "Yes Ethel, I understand but your rules are just as simple as ours. One of your lord's commandments is: thou shall not kill. Correct?" I nodded. "Well for every rule there is also an opposite rule, you could say it's more of a filter. So for instance thou shalt not kill means all creatures, as son as you hurt a fly, you broke that rule and you can't join your God in his realm. But then there is the rule that if someone dies in battle they will join us in the great hall in Valhalla untill the end times." Before I could answer he held up his hand. "Yes that means your lord's realm is almost completely empty. Don't forget about all the other commandments. Thou shall love thy neighbour. Most people fail that one too. Especially with how full cities are nowadays. So try loving everyone you meet. Impossible. We? We accept any warrior who died in battle. Albeit honourable, so come in and have a drink or two. We also got tons of dogs and we know you loved those." I started crying. "I-I-I.. I lived live as good as I could, I went to church every Sunday and always helped others. So one day I would enter heaven, to see my lost friends, my family and now you tell me that is impossible!" I cried even harder. The young man waved his arms about in panic. "What, no! I never said that, I meant this is your new home. The realm of the gods is big, pretty much every pantheon has their own place. I just said your lord's realm is pretty empty. You can still visit it. It's just boring." "Huh..?" "The filter is just so we can take care of housing and job responsibility. We are gods sure but that doesn't mean we do everything via magic, we need people to help us, running a realm is a lot of work Ethel." I wiped the tears from my eyes. "How do you mean, we?" "Oh crap I didn't introduce myself, shit. I forget that always. I'm Loki. Don't read to much into the stories, I was a lot younger back then, bit of a rebel. Haha, but come on in, everyone is dying to meet you, I mean they did." "Is it ok? How do I find my Jeffrey he passed a couple years before me." Loki turned towards the massive doors and opened them. Sounds of joy and music and the smell of a feast welcomed me. He held out his hand and smiled: "I did say everyone, didn't I?" And I followed him in. 