
'There are riots on the streets.' Max's voice was shaky as he stood next to the throne, his weasel-like head bowed in fake reverence. I was sitting on the stairs under the throne, white marble smeared with the blood of my opponents. Their king is dead,' I said, taking a fallen banner next to me to clean off the blood from my blade. 'Summon my mages,' I said, my voice echoing through the deserted hall. I never lost a duel. They called me Black Rider. No man ever saw my face and no enemy of mine ever saw another sunrise. The magic that gave strength to my limbs was the same one that was about to devour this world. I slowly stood up, dragging my left leg behind me. I had to wash my face and dress my wound, but the ghosts of this castle were already haunting me. I still saw the face of Sir Sebastian before me when he reached for his sword. Surpassing your own teacher was a dream of every boy who ever held a sword but seeing his eyes as he took his last breath wasn't something I sought. He didn't know how I was when I pierced his mail but for a second there, I was ready to tell him, 'You were right master, I have no conscience. You were right all along.' I have changed my clothes and dressed my wound, my footsteps echoing through the empty corridors of the castle, the last bastion of liberty of Nuarahs. I paused to look through the window. The blood-red of the sunset was fading fast into darkness - darkness none of us could escape. There were only a few of the villagers left, those who loved the old king. I had dungeons full of his loyal knights and blood of his bravest on my hands and yet there was no victory today. I slowly found my way to the throne room. The floors were cleaned and the banners were taken down. I sat there on the stairs until the darkness surrounded me completely, the sound of my beating heart the only sound around me. When my mages arrived, I was on my feet, dragging my injured leg behind me like a beaten dog. There was no need for pretenses anymore, there was no one left to see my demise or my glory. 'Is it time?' I asked, watching the face of the old men with the same reluctance as I had when I was a boy. 'Soon,' old Rune said, his eyes sparkling with something I supposed was glee. I knew he wasn't the only one who wished me dead but, in this hour, in the last moments of my life, I wished to ask them why me. Why I was the one chosen for such a wretched life - without family, without honor, my only task was to kill the king when the time comes. The earth shook and I sighed. 'Finally,' I heard myself saying. The runes made by the mages of old, that kept this world safe from the forces of darkness, were breaking. I knew what evil was coming for the men of Nuarahs - the same one that was coursing through my veins. I was the last of Nuremen - from the line of the cursed kings who, hungry for power, had opened the portals for the forces of darkness that had festered on our lands until the portals were shattered and darkness was ready to devour our world. 'Nual Nuremen,' one of the mages raised his staff, 'the last of your name.' I shook my head. 'I am Black Rider,' I said. I was taken away from my mother, raised on hatred and cruelty so I could, when the times comes, spill my father's blood and open the final gate with the blood sacrifice. I had no name and I had no destiny but to die when the time came. Old Rune held his staff in the air, drawing signs of old runes around me. He was waiting for this moment all of his life. These mages were the last generation that would carry the pledge to banish the evil of the Nuremen blood from this land. With me, their legacy would die. 'You will save this world, boy,' he said, 'don't you wish to be remembered?' I smiled. I was the villain. Never in my life have I done one good thing. There was no nobility in this. All I wanted was that this evil, that made me like this, be gone once and for all. The only man who ever showed me any kindness and love was Sir Sebastian. He taught me how to wield my sword and he told me I was a selfish, cruel boy when I didn't know how to respond to his kindness. 'Tell them it was Sir Sebastian,' I said. 'Tell them he saved us from the darkness. Take his shield and place it on the highest tower of Buranum castle. It was his only wish.' One of the mages nodded but I knew better than to hope they would fulfill their promise. This was the day I killed the last of our heroes, the true protector of these people. He died because of his blind loyalty to the king, a soul just as rotten as mine. This was the day when the villain defeated the hero to save this world, but none will ever remember it. The portals shattered and the darkness poured around me in all shades of black. But there was no fear in me. The runes on my skin glowed and I saw wisps of black smoke curling around my limbs. When blackness swallowed me the earth shook again and when my body fell on the ground the portals closed and there was nothing but silence. r/CrystalElmTales Edit: Thank you for my first reward! 