
The first time galactic scale of travels came to earth we were ill equipped to even comprehend it. Futurists had theorized about Dyson spheres for decades, and fantasized about travelling between stars for centuries. But even then, we didn't quite comprehend the sheer scale of it, or of the beings out there. At some point, humans had fantasized about putting engines and habitats on asteroids, to gradually transform them into something habitable, in order to break the trap of Tellus' gravity well. It wasn't enough. When the aliens finally arrived, it wasn't much fanfare as terror. Their ships, if you could call it that, were seen as gravitational differences first. Scientists were baffled, religious people were chanting about judgement day. In the end, they did figure it out, and the world didn't end. Not because of any aliens, at least. It turns out that of all the futurists and science fiction authors, Lovecraft was the one closest. Not because they were tentacled eldritch horrors. But they _did_ sleep, and they did sleep under the ocean, amongst the stars. And they dreamed, and while they dreamed, their computers plotted courses, tracking it's path through the galaxy. By the time we realized it was a ship, it was already slowing down. And by the time we were able to send a satellite, they were already interfering with the heliosphere. The first communication came from somewhere in the Oort cloud. A looping encoded transmission, one telling the end of the universe to come, and explaining the physics of a launch craft to break us out of the solar system. They stayed in orbit around the solar system for another few decades, and meanwhile we finally figured out the scale of their ship. Approximately twice the mass of Sol, it had it's own tail of asteroids, as it aligned itself outside our solar system. Waiting. It took years before mankind got itself together enough to send a manned probe, and even then it was believed to be a one way journey. And it was. ---- Adam looked up from the page, listening to the slow drip of moisture somewhere. The history of the travellers. He'd lived his entire life on the ship, and he no longer knew where they were in the galaxy, or even which galaxy it was. Once they'd departed, all communication with Earth had been lost, and various teams on the ship had been stranded. So far, they knew that the founders were aquatic, preferring an acidic water mixture and relatively high gravity. The dry sections of the "ship" was mostly on the outside sections, past the comfortable gravity well. The running theory was that the ship had started out as a dyson sphere that had then reshaped the star, pushed it to the edge of becoming a singularity, and held it there as the sphere was reshaped around it. But they couldn't know. So far, they had found life in central part, and several signs of other space faring civilizations as well, yet no trace of any currently living aliens. Which in and of itself wasn't strange, considering the time scales involved. Any attempts at interfacing with the ship computer systems had been met with harsh resistance, and it was deemed an unnecessary risk to further trigger the "immune system" of the ship. Thus, they were left to their own devices. In the documented four generations, they'd made contact with one other solar system that had been inhabited, they'd seen the radio chatter and signals, but there had been no trace of a landing craft, or even an satellite approaching the ship. 