
(1/2) "Regrets...? Oh my love, in my line of work regrets can only burden for the living", the old man said weakly lying on his deathbed. His expression was sorrowful, burdened so as his mind wandered. Galatea caught on her father's expression. The young maiden gently put the warm towel on her sick father's forehead, tending his sickness. "I know that look, dad", Galatea inquired sadly. The old man chuckled, coughing lightly so. "Oh as perceptive as your mother, as always", the old man gently brushed the young maiden's cheek, her face was an exact replica of his late wife. "Galatea, I have lived a very colorful life, it's not one I often like to tell as so much blood was shed by my hands. Not even to your mother. But regrets...yes--yes, there is one that still burdens my heart so...and it pains me not to be able to remedy it", the old man said. Galatea took her father's hand, his palm was rough-- years of handling sword had calloused it harsh. "Dad...if it would relieve your grief, I would be grateful if you can tell me the story", Galatea said. The old man looked at his daughter's eyes. He knew she was there for him, and so finally he relented. "Alright then...this is a story from a long time ago from a different lifetime-- when I was but a young adventurer, and a hunter for hire..." *** In the northern mountains of Farstrom where it eternally snowed and icy, lied a peaceful snowy village. As per usual, I found shelter in the town's tavern where the mead flowed aplenty and information crawled on its walls. Not long after I enjoyed my serving of hot soup, a few of the good townsfolk approached me with an offer. "Hunter...we'd like to employ your service", the leader said. It was Kalled, the mayor of the village. Monster hunters didn't come by often, not that far north where danger seemed to find their nest comfortably. And so my presence there radiated like the sun in a rainy day. "Can I finish my soup first?", I said. A huge thud was presented before me in the form of a sack full of money. "We need you to kill something. An ice witch", the mayor said straight to the point as he made himself comfortable on the seat opposite me. At that moment the tavern had gone silent. All eyes were on us-- on me. I put down my spoon and checked the bag...easily a few hundreds coins, a good payment for one job. "Ice witch huh? Never seen one before" "She resides up in the snowy mountain, within an ice cave a few hours climb. Please, hunter...we beg of you, we need the witch die!", the mayor plead, the townsfolk echoed his sentiment in a resounding "YEAH!". As much as I hated to be put into a corner like that, the pay was too enticing for me to turn it down. And so, I agreed to take on the job. With a handshake, the deal was sealed and I intended to scale the mountain in the morning. That night rest didn't come by easy. My mind was full of questions and doubt. Ice witch...I've dealt with regular witches before, but this was an uncharted territory. I daresay even for a seasoned hunter. As hours ticked until my journey, I finally fell asleep, as usual leaving everything to hope. *** White, it was all white, Galatea. It was so beautiful, the scenery like you've never seen before here in the capital. If not for the task at hand, I would've enjoyed my journey more but alas I couldn't. Draped in a thick wooly bison jacket given to me by the mayor to combat the cold, I scaled the path leading to the cave. Hours went by until the sun was almost down. That's when I saw them... People...frozen in ice. That visage made me froze. I understood then the fear and hatred the villagers had against the witch. Slowly I made my way through the frozen figures. Like a dancer avoiding the icy lifelike statues, out of fear of breaking them. Finally I arrived before the entrance of the cave where I saw light of a lantern within. I took out my sword, all of my senses in high alert, ready to slay the witch, I made my way inside. I saw her then, crouching before yet another icy statue draped in thin layer of black cloak, too thin to protect her from the cold. "Halt witch! Prepare for your doom!", I shouted startling the witch. "Oh goodness heavens!", she yelped turning to see me. She was a young maiden, not that much older than yourself, Galatea. Her expression then was nothing like I had anticipated...she was afraid. "Wh--who are you? What are you doing in my house?", she stuttered backing herself away into a corner like a prey. As she did, I noticed a hammer and chisel she dropped before the icy figure...with its bottom still in the form of a block of ice, unfinished. "Are...are you sculpting that ice?", I asked. Still anxious at the sight of a man with a sword, she nodded. I quickly grasped the situation, knowing there was a huge misunderstanding I sheathed my sword back and relaxed. "I'm...so sorry, miss. I didn't mean to scare you...well, I was meant to kill you but..." "Kill me?", she yelped. "Ah yes...but don't worry, not anymore. There has been a...huge misunderstanding. You see, my name is Eric, I am a monster hunter. I was hired by the villagers to slay the ice witch residing within the icy mountains", I said nodding at her. With great disbelief she pointed at herself, puzzled. "A...a witch? I am no witch! I'm...I'm a mere sculptor!" 