
Part 1 | [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/jraywang/comments/69p8dj/the_kid_the_banana_and_the_fate_of_the_world_part/) --- Jack was Lion High's class clown. Someone fall out of his chair? Oh that's just Jack. Someone laugh so hard milk comes out their nose. Classic Jack. It wasn't so much that he enjoyed always being the butt of everyone's jokes, but it beat not being a part of everyone's anything. So everyday he went to class with an ensemble of whoopie cushions, fake poop, and the classic snakes in a can. Nobody thought Jack was particularly funny, but in a school where the most exciting thing happening was that their basketball team didn't lose by double digits, it was at least different. "Hey guys, check this out," Jack said, a banana to his cheek. The table of high-schoolers returned him eager smiles. They were the Lion High's jocks. So if Jack was the fool, they were the kings. They were in high spirits, not because of Jack, but due to some slight tremors, they had been able to skip first period. "Hello, paging Principal Atley," Jack said to a chorus of laughter. "What? Principal? You're coming out of the closet? Who could've guessed!" The jocks loved that one, the jokes about the gays. "Who is this and how did you get this frequency?" the banana responded in a female voice. Jack froze. He glanced around at the jocks, their appetites wetted for more homophobic jokes. If he was the joke, it certainly wouldn't have come from them. Chances were that he had simply misheard, that he was currently mishearing because the voice continued. "This is a military frequency. Whoever you are, get off." "No Principal Atley," Jack said, doubling his volume to drown out the banana. "I don't think of your hairy chest. Not too much at least." As he had learned from the jocks, the best way to prove that you weren't gay was by doing everything possible to suggest you might be gay all the while laughing off the possibility. "Who the hell is Principal Atley? Is this a joke? Listen kid, I don't know who you are but we need this frequency. Get off it!" Jack wanted to scream no. He knew this was a prank, but he wouldn't give whoever had planned it the satisfaction of pranking the class clown. "Say Principal Atley," Jack said, "why don't you come on down to Lion High. I have all the answers you need." "Where is that?" "That's right, Middleton, Tennessee, we're the only Lion High around." "I don't know who you are, but you managed to hack the most secure network on Earth. I hope to god you know what you're doing. For the fate of our planet." Jack gritted his teeth. Whoever was pranking him refused to let up. So he wouldn't either. "Buh bye principal, I'll see you soon." The banana sang a sharp tone that pierced Jack's ear. He dropped it to the ground, his face flush with anger. "Okay," he said, looking around, "not funny! Who the hell is doing this?" The jocks stopped laughing. They had their ears plugged. The banana was still emitting the noise, but this time, loud enough to drown out all conversation in the cafeteria. "Stop that!" a jock screamed, but Jack couldn't hear him over the noise of the banana. The ground shook. It was another earthquake, but this one nothing like the one from the morning. Open chairs toppled to the ground and children screamed noiselessly as they scrambled under cafeteria tables. The salad bar crashed into the linoleum floors. Suddenly, a drill shot up from the ground and something that looked like a dirt-stained spaceship came out of the ground. The banana sounded in an ear-splitting screech and then stopped. A silence filled the air, disturbed only by the whirring of the ship's drill as it slowed. The door opened. A girl stepped. She had eyes the pale blue of ice and blonde hair whipped into a tight ponytail. Her hawkish eyes scanned the room until it finally landed on Jack and the banana by his foot. "How did you get our signal?" she asked. "Do you really have the answers we need?" Jack gawked. The most beautiful woman he had ever seen had just emerged from a futuristic space ship tunneled beneath his high school. *What the #&@*$.* "Cara," a guy's voice called from the space ship. "They're closing in. We got seconds, literally." She clenched her jaw and cursed. In a single stride she was in front of a wordless Jack, drowning him in the blue of her eyes. "Come with me," she said and grabbed his hand. Her touch was like a jolt of electricity. Jack snapped out of his daze. "What the hell? Where are you taking me?" "Sorry," she said but did not let go. "But there's too much at stake here. It's the fate of humanity on your shoulders." Once again. *What the @&#*$.* Before Jack could continue to protest, she shoved him into the spaceship. The door closed behind him and they were back underground. --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, to make me continue any prompts, bonus stories and much much more! 