
The test had to be wrong. The test had to be. It had to be. I was alive when the pyramid was built. I was alive when Alexander forged his empire. For god's sake, I lived centuries before the pleasures of modern plumbing and this test said it would all be over tomorrow. I can't die. It's impossible. The test probably doesn't know what to do with that. It has to be wrong. It has to be. But what if it isn't? These thoughts flooded my brain as I drove home from the clinic. Primal fears of survival that were long asleep inside me were now stirring. I pressed the gas a little harder. "Beth! Get ready!" I shouted as I entered our large home. She wasn't my first wife and, If I don't die, she won't be my last. Beth was different from my previous partners, there was something about her. Maybe it was how her gaze somehow made me feel seen yet see through at the same time. Maybe it was that fierce, insane intellect that figured out I was immortal long before I planned to tell her. Maybe it was how she was utterly fearless in the face of mortality. Maybe it was how she made me forget about all those that came before. "Let's go out tonight, your favorite place?" "What's the occasion?!" She yelled from upstairs. I hadn't told her what I was doing today. I thought it would be something to laugh about when my results dumb founded the doctors. Instead of their confusion I got awkward apologies. "Do I need an occasion to spoil my wife?" "Okay give me 15 minutes." "That means 30 right?" "I looooove you." Our dinner was wonderful. She knew something was up with me but I refused to speak of it. Beth was smart, but I don't think she'd figure this one out without any hinting. We reminisced about how we met. I would say I was having a midlife crisis, but there's no middle when you're eternal. "God I'm still shocked you tried to fight that guy?" "It's not like he was gonna kill me." "Honey, you still feel pain and he was twice your weight." "You forget, I was so drunk I couldn't feel much of anything." "Well lucky you I was there to stop the bleeding after he stabbed you." "I think I would have been okay either way." "I don't think your heart would have been." She was right. We stayed at the restaurant far later than intended. The lone bus boy wiping down tables, who I'm sure drew the small straw, had to break up our party of 2. Beth drove us home, I had indulged in my liquid vices a little too much trying not to worry about that silly test. Brakes screeched. Horns roared. Glass shattered. The car tumbled through the air. The last thing I saw was how Beth's hair danced in the air while upside down. I don't know how much time passed before I woke up. "Beth," I groaned. "You okay?" There was no response. "Beth?" I reached over and shook her. "Beth!" I fumbled for my phone. The screen was cracked. The time read 12:01. I dialed 911. My life ended that day. 