
[763 Words] &#x200B; Title: "The Homemade Meal" &#x200B; "And how does that make you *feel*?" My voice was calm, as calm as it could be. "It makes me feel... empty," she sighed, reclining on the couch, "as if there's nothing to live for." I took a long, hard look at my first patient. It was not going as well as I had expected. "Life is suffering," she continued, reaching into her purse and producing a pack of cigarettes, "...and then you die. That's all there is to life, isn't it?" I was no therapist, and the clinic that I had set-up was based on nothing more than fake documents and a shiny neon sign outside. "Well, is there anything else you'd like to get off your chest?" I asked, eyeing the pathetic creature that apparently had forsaken its survival instinct - a rebellion against nature. "It's all pointless." Taking a drag, her eyes wandered along the roof. "I could die right now. And it wouldn't even matter... to anyone... to me... The world goes on..." I clenched my fist, trying to repress my rage that grew with every passing moment. This was exactly the kind of shit I was trying to escape. The sole object for disguising myself as a therapist was to feed on raw emotions. Ever since the latest economic collapse, suicide rate had skyrocketed, and that had affected my hobby in the worst of ways. My last few victims, on separate occasions, did not cry, plead, or beg me for mercy. They had simply closed their eyes... *Not even a shriek!* One of them even thanked me, and called me an angel of mercy! That was upsetting for me, enraging... depressing, even... And that was when, as though by Divine revelation, the idea had occurred to me. I remembered smiling to myself, singing to myself in the shower, winking at myself in the mirror. On the very first day, however, sitting aside my first patient, all my hopes and dreams were starting to look as fragile as her desire to live. I had half expected the girl - when I first laid eyes on her - to beg me to save her from her inner demons. I did not sign up for this apathy shit. "Enough!" I stood up, enraged. "Stop treating yourself like garbage, woman!" With an abrupt motion, she sat up on the couch, clearly puzzled by my sudden animation after an hour of passive listening. "Wha..." "The world is a beautiful place! Look around you. *Open your eyes!*" I pointed outside the open window at the tree, the name of which was unknown to me, with orange leaves, and let the singing birds fill in the silence. "Can you hear that? The birds are fucking chirping, for God's sake! Isn't that amazing, that a tiny lump of organic matter enclosed in fluffy, colorful feathers can sing? Is that not enough to live for? What more do you want?" I paced around the room. "What is the difference between you, and, say, the couch you're sitting on? Huh?" "It's...dead?" She stammered. "Exactly! And so will you be! Well, eventually, I mean, but let's forget about that, shall we? Yes. Just forget about death, and all the uncertainty of life, and the shit that you're going through, and just... *feel*... how fascinating it is to be alive! The couch can't hear a song on the radio, but you can! The couch can't read a book, or watch a movie, or have a drink, or feel the caressing touch of the wind on its face, but you can! I'd say, *stop* being a couch and *live* your life, goddammit!" I did not know what came over me, but after a few more minutes, she faintly began to smile, and assured that she actually felt better, and told me that I was the weirdest, most unorthodox therapist she had ever been to. As she was leaving, she turned around in the doorway, and said, "Mr. Khan, I don't think this profession suits you." "What do you mean?" I exclaimed. "Umm, I guess you should be a motivational speaker, you know?" She smiled. "That way, you can reach more people and tell them how beautiful it is to live! And how not to be a couch." She giggled mischievously, and walked away. "Motivational speaker, huh?" I muttered to myself, and told myself that I would think about it later. Right now, the most pressing matter at hand was tonight's hunt. After a long time, I was excited. As Ma always used to say, "Nothing more delicious than a meal you have worked for." 