
"Afterlife Inc. How may I help you?" The woman's overly cheery, customer service-plastic voice rang through my phone. "Hello?" "Um- yeah. Yeah. Hi." I swivelled on my heel and paced the length of my room. "Hello," the woman repeated. "How can I help you today?" "I was just talking with my father." "Ah, yes. A common call is from one's parents. I hope everything was satisfactory?" "Yes, it was more than satisfactory" I could sense the woman on the other end of the line was growing impatient. How could I put into words the enormity of *this*? How could she keep talking as if there were nothing extraordinary about our conversation? "I'm glad to hear that," she said. I could hear the smile that must've been plastered onto her face. "Well, if that's everything..." "No! No--no you can't hang up." "Sir?" "How are you doing this? How can you process these calls?" "Afterlife Inc. is a service dedicated to connecting individuals with their loved ones who are having difficulties moving on in the afterlife." My father had said that too, the first time he'd called. Not the name--he hadn't mentioned that part--but he'd given the same speech. He needed to hear from me, he had said. He needed to know that I was okay. I thought I'd finally cracked when I heard him. I'd forgotten the lilt of his voice and the way he chuckled nervously when he was uncomfortable. It took me years (and honing my interrogation skills) before I believed he was on the line. "And my father hired you?" "Yes, yes he must've." "David Crossfield," I said. "I'm Evan." The woman hummed for a moment. I could make out a faint clattered on a keyboard. "Ah, yes. Yes." The woman paused. "Hmm. Interesting." "What?" "Well, your account was actually opened by David and Elaine Crossfield." "What do you mean? My mom's not dead." There was an uncomfortable pause on the other end. "Sir, I think there's been a misunderstanding." "Of what?" The woman's facade faded; her voice hardened. "I'm sorry, sir. Your father has been the one contacting you. Our service only works one way." She cleared her throat. "You are the one that's dead. Not your father, not your mother. According to my records, you drowned at a lake eight years ago." My stomach slid into my throat. "That's impossible." Heartbeat in the ears. Heat splash across the face. "No--no. That's impossible." Around the phone, my grip tightened despite the sheen of sweat. But it wasn't impossible. I could remember gripping onto the boat as Keira whipped the boat in a tight arc. My hand, slippery then too, slid off. I remember a rock meeting my head and my body meeting the sand. A blurred world and lungs tearing apart. In a dream, one often ignores the strangeness. Everything, no matter how strange, appears perfectly normal until after one awakens. Much was the same about wherever I was now. I had existed in a half-life for years: not human and yet not gone. Calling myself a ghost wouldn't be quite right, but then what was left? A spectre? A phantom? "I'm...?" "Dead, sir. Yes." "And stuck between worlds." "Yes," she confirmed. My lungs tightened and my breath hitched. Did I even need to breathe? "Why haven't I heard from my mother." "There's no note about that in your file." The woman hesitated. "But if I had to guess, she might've found it too painful. It can be very difficult, you see. Some use our service to find closure. Others use it to avoid ever having to reach that point." *Like my father.* I pursed my lips. With the calls, it was if neither of us were truly gone. I could imagine he was only on vacation: sitting on a Hawaiian beach; climbing the side of Everest; sipping wine in Bordeaux. Had he done the same with me? Neither of us were gone to the other, but at the same time, neither of us were there for the other. I couldn't remember the way he smelled, but I know he had been warm. The exact shade of his brown hair slipped my mind. Whatever had happened, I was caught. And maybe he was too. "Miss?" "Yes," the woman said, polite and careful. "I'd like you to cancel this account." "Of course," she said. Her voice lifted at the end. "Is that all today?" "I think so." I pressed the heels of my palms to my eyes. The world around me was smoke, now. Perhaps it had always been smoke and I noticed it only now. "Wait." "Yes?" "Tell him goodbye from me. Tell him to move forward." "Of course." I let my phone slip away. I followed it and left that place and ventured into the ether. --- /r/liswrites 