
You know that big white light you see before you die? That shit is just you being sucked into spectator mode. Obviously after you die there's that usual shit. *Oh no, how did this happen?* *Am I in heaven?* *Am I in hell?* Or whatever else bullshit afterlife question you have to ask. Honestly most of the time, we all knew how it happened. Sometimes our bodies betrayed us. Or, in most cases, more elaborate demises. Like yours truly getting killed by a lead pipe. In the ballroom. By Professor Plum. And they called me crazy for thinking Clue was a little too fucking creepy. And I shit you not. In an actual ballroom. Had my skull crushed like an egg. Brain matter and hair all over the place. Felt bad for the cleaning staff after that whole scuffle. Being dead makes a lot of shit look trivial. I got killed over an inheritance, and I'll tell you dollars and cents don't mean anything when you're just a ball of energy switching between spectators. For a week I was an elegant Dutch woman cheating on her husband. The next I was some idiot college kid drinking a thirty rack of cheap beer every other day. After that I was some woman in a nursing home, stealing pain medicine from her neighbors. It's amazing how terrible most people will be when they believe no one else is watching. So anyway, I've been doing this shit for years. Might be a hundred, might be five hundred. Who fucking cares. We're all watching the same asshole, sitting in this bunker somewhere in Europe. He's coding something, trying to upload his consciousness into a computer. Everyone who has ever lived, anyone who has ever walked this earth, is waiting and hoping for him to fail. Mother fucker needs to die, and soon. Always in the corner of your eye, following your vision, that same tagline. *ALL SOULS WILL RESPAWN AFTER SPECIES EXTINCTION* Fail, you miserable shit. Fail, you God damn jackass. You've been eating nothing but beans for a year and a half, and you need to die at some point. Part of me admires his determination to not die. The other part of me, I guess the dead part, wants this idiot to kick the bucket. We all watch as he uploads his consciousness into a great computer. We all cheer as the thing fucking crashes. Before, we watched them exchange the nukes. Die from radiation poisoning, starvation, blunt force trauma. You name it, someone died from it. All in a moment, a total extinction. Good riddance. In a moment, I can feel my soul being sucked through a small portal, like flushing a particularly annoying clog through a drain. Here we go, baby. Round two. This life, I'm not wasting my time. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 