
Baron Zerenstank walked into the dimly lit room. Beside him, a poster-board display was already set-up for him, illustrating his latest ingenious plan. Beneath him, at least a dozen sharks swirled expectantly, aware of his presence. Before him, four silhouettes sat in massive chairs, starring at him intently. One of the sharks below burped up a hand. Zerenstank told himself he didn't see it. He took a deep breath. "Hello Sharks. I am Baron Nikoli Von Zerenstank. Today, I'm here to pitch to you the culmination of my life's work... As seen on the poster-board beside me, a bomb will be rigged to go off at exactly midnight at City Central Hospital. A warning will be given to the police force before hand. What they *won't* know, is that it's actually a dud. When they inevitably disarm the bomb, they'll find the detonator for both of the *real* bombs, one set at the orphanage and the other at Town Hall. They will be told they must choose to detonate *one* of the bombs, or else both will go off. But of course, *both* of the bombs will go off regardless, and release a toxin into the air that turns everyone into mutant frogs. As chaos consumes the city, we rob the City Bank dry, but not before hacking into every one of the Town Square screens and broadcasting a harrowing monologue." Zerenstank was out of breath. He nervously glanced around the room. If anyone was interested, they didn't show it. He gulped. "And so... I'm looking for an investment of about 50 henchmen and about..." "ONE *MILLION* DOLLARS?" A scarred, bald head leaned into the light, a finger on its lips. Zerenstank allowed himself to relax a bit. At least one of them acknowledged him. "Um... yes... somewhere around there. Th-Thank you for speaking up Dr. Evil, are you interested?" "*I'm* not," came the reply, not from Dr. Evil, but from the other side of the room. "Where's the *punchline*? The *fun?*" Moonlight illuminated the Joker's face, causing the unhinged look in his eyes to look even more crazed. Zerenstank was no longer relaxed. "Well, I... what about the mutant frog thing?" "Mutant *frogs*? Ha! I'm not some cockamamie scientist! They don't call *me* the Clown Prince of Crime because I turn people into floundering amphibians!" The Joker erupted into cackling laughter, which soon degraded into a coughing fit. Zerenstank was not laughing. He was more focused on how close the Joker's finger was to the giant red button on his chair. The aspiring villain shot a glance down at the actual sharks. He swore one was smiling at him. A third candidate steepled his hands. All six of them, actually. "Hmmmm... ambitious, but how will this help me catch Spider-Man?" Beside him, another voice spoke. "Oh please, Doc Octopus. You lack vision. Not everything has to revolve around that boy in spandex. The tri-state area is far more admirable goal." Metallic tendrils lashed out. "Oh? Well at least *my* nemesis isn't some *deranged marsupial* in fancy *hat*, Doofenshmirtz!" Zerenstank watched as the villain bickered among themselves. For now, he was simply grateful their attention was off him. Perhaps this wasn't such a good idea. Perhaps he could sneak back out the door, into a room where the floor couldn't give way to hungry apex predators. Above, hidden the rafters, a caped figure finished his popcorn, and activated his wrist com. "Commissioner? Send a squad to the orphanage. I'll meet you at the Town Hall..." (This is my first time posting here, so it is probably riddled with errors, but I hope you enjoyed! It seemed like such a fun prompt, I couldn't pass it up!) 