
This is my first time doing something like this. I hope people like it. ------- "Sooooo...how has everyone's year been?" He said it. He fucking said it. The one thing that always sparks debate when my family comes together for the holidays. I don't blame him though, Dad has always been kind. It's strange really, with him being an all-powerful deity of life and all. He knows how to make it and take care of it, but doesn't really understand social cues. Or maybe he doesn't care. That's also a possibility with him. "It would've ended on quite the high note if someone would stop giving every guy she thinks is cute overpowered blessings." Oh god. Here we go again. Mao, my older brother, bites into his chicken leg as he sends a death glare across the table. His demon tail wagged back and forth in annoyance. He was looking at Gabriel, my younger sister. She was an Arch Angel, but you wouldn't guess that with that foul mouth she has. "Well, I wouldn't have to if someone didn't always have his army attack places where I find attractive guys." Gab sends a death glare back at Mao, yet is still eating her salad without difficulty. I look over at Mom. It always ends with Mom, both literally and figuratively. "Gab, sweetie, I'll have to agree with Mao on this one. You giving blessings to every guy you meet is making it hard for me to find some hotties in the Underworld." "Oh, they're there I'm sure. They're just hiding from you." Mom, who was in the kitchen opening another bottle of god knows what snaps her head around in Dads direction. I stand up, pushing back my chair as I leave to go upstairs. When Mom gets that look, things always get ugly. Mao usually takes her side, while Gab takes Dads. Then they spend a few hours bickering and sending curses across the room while I wait upstairs. They always radiate quite a bit of divine energy when they go at it. Last time I was too close when I was younger, I died instantly. Mom brought me back of course, but it hurt like hell. "You son of a bitch! Terrence is a nice guy!" "Terrence WAS a nice guy! I made sure of that myself!" I put on some sunglasses, peeking downstairs to see a blinding light. It's around that time when they start busting out magic. I go back upstairs, pulling out my trusty shotgun. I walk downstairs, making sure to stay a good distance to not blow up. "HEY!" I'm not one to shout, so everyone usually stops when I do to see what's up. "What do you want little bro?! I'm just about to teach this bitch how we Demon Kings kick ass-" I don't even let him finish. I put the muzzle of the shotgun in my mouth, pulling the trigger. I hear a loud bang, then nothing. I couldn't hear, see, smell, or feel any other sensation. At the same time though, I was conscious. It was like my consciousness just drifted in an endless voice. "John." I hear my Mom calling my name. I open my eyes, seeing me sitting in my chair. Everyone was quite, eating dinner in peace. "Finally. You guys only calm down when I blow my brains out." This is how our holiday dinners usually go. It's calm, then someone says something which sparks a huge argument. They fight and then I have to kill myself to get everyone to snap out of it. Mom and Dad then rewind time to when dinner began. Then everyone eats like nothing ever happened. While it is chaotic, everyone here loves each other. I would never say it to their faces, but I love them too. I look down at my plate, seeing a bunch of brussel sprouts in the corner of it. Mom must have seen my face. "They're good for you. Eat all of them." Never mind. I hate this family. 