
Vel looked down at his feet, breathing warm air into his cupped hands as he strode through the misty night air. He could feel the spectre haunting him, as always. She never left his side, never gave him space to breathe or time for respite. She was there every minute of every day, every day of every year, hovering by his side. Every day he asked himself if he'd been given a gift or a curse, and even after all this time, he still couldn't bring himself to answer that question. A woman walked past him in the night, her face flashing by in an instant, she was completely unperturbed by Vel's presence. Cylazia hovered silently, looking on with boredom. The extremely lucky ones, the ones in this world who would go on to be great athletes, brave soldiers, and powerful leaders, they were all born with a gift right from the start. Almost all the most successful people in the world had their very own angel to guide and protect them. A divine, virtuous, marvelous companion who would never let any harm befall its partner. Of course, no-one could see the angel except for its partner, unless the angel chose to reveal itself, that is. Those other 99%, the ones without an angel, would never be able to reach the same level. They were doomed to lives of mediocrity, to the possibility of being lonely, to feeling pain and anguish, all the things that the angel-blessed would never have to feel in their lives. Then there was Vel. Vel had been born with a different partner, one that could speak to him, right inside his head. Even when he was a newborn baby, he could understand her. She didn't look anything like what most people thought a demon was. She had two short horns protruding from the sides of her forehead, and her eyes were entirely white, no pupil, but apart from that she was by all means a normal woman. An normal, invisible woman, with lustrous black wings that beat silently against the night sky. Where angels would protect their partner from any harm or stress befalling them by helping their partner, Vel had learned from an early age that his demon would protect him, too. She just had... a very different way of doing it. His pre-school teacher had found that out the hard way when she put him in the naughty corner. Vel's hysterical tears had sent the young Cylazia into a frenzy. She slaughtered the poor teacher in cold blood, leaving the other children to look on in horror as their teacher dropped dead right in front of them, the result of a mere thought from Cylazia. Vel had learned to be more careful after that. The cost of using his power was simply too great, it would protect him, but destroy everything around him. For the rest of his life he'd had to keep her a secret, forbidding her from ever intervening. She wasn't too fond of that, and the two were rarely on speaking terms anymore. Until the other day, that is. Until an entire boardroom of corporate executives was found dead, through no explainable cause, in the exact same way Vel's nursery teacher had been. Their bodies were described as instantly going cold, with no sign of heart failure or any other cause of death. After seeing that, Vel had to enlist Cylazia's help. Someone else had a guardian demon And they were using it. I'll continue in a bit, /r/wptoss for more writing, hope everyone enjoys :) 