
I didn't know the man I had murdered, only that he had followed me everywhere. He appeared in pictures I had taken with friends. I caught glimpses of him when I turned corners at night and saw his shadow grasping at me at sunset. In the mornings, I would awaken to the feeling of being watched and I knew exactly who was doing it. That was why I bought the gun. However, why I pulled the trigger? I didn't entirely know. I called it instinct. My public defender called it a bad defense, but I didn't care. My safety had been threatened and I had acted to protect myself. So I had told the truth as it was and pleaded not guilty. The man who had followed me for months appeared in front of me, his mouth open and eyes wide as if he had realized some stark truth. Then, I had shot him through the face. Unfortunately, the truth only landed me first degree murder and death by black hole. What a joke. I had once watched the launching of the Justice Pods into black holes on TV. I had once cheered as another murderer was ripped apart by gravity itself. Now, I sat inside one as it slowly made its way into 3C 75, the nearest black hole to our galaxy. Any second now, I would reach its center. My body itched, like I had gotten a sudden outburst of the Chicken Pox. I watched as my limbs elongated and space itself warped. The capsule's hull groaned. I held my breath, waiting for the end. Then, it came. Blackness. My body burned. I opened my mouth to scream, but found myself unable to. I couldn't see. I couldn't hear. I could only feel invisible flames engulfing me whole. "Sir, I've found another one," a voice said. A speck of light blinked in the distance and then it swallowed my vision. If I could've, I would've gasped. I tried so desperately to, but even breathing was impossible, never mind anything else. I heard a raspy inhale and then felt my lungs inflate. The light blinding me slowly faded away until it revealed itself as the sun dangling on a baby blue backdrop of a clear sky. "It's another squatter," the voice continued. I looked toward it and found a dirty man in overalls. He had on a grey jumpsuit. "Hey, this ain't a place for you to sleep," he said, pointing a wrench my way. "Go find an alley to crawl into. This is private property." "Private property?" I asked and paused, surprised to hear the sound of my voice. "What the hell? Where am I?" The man in the jumpsuit sighed. "Look buddy, I don't know what the hell you've been on, but this is the year 2235 on planet Earth and on this planet, it's illegal to trespass on *private property*." 2235? That was months before my murder. I gasp. Einstein had been right all along. The only logical end to a black hole was a break in time itself--a wormhole. 2235 meant that I could go back and stop myself from murder, from becoming a criminal! But for the life of me I couldn't remember the exact date I had committed my crime. No matter. All I had to do was to follow myself around. It would be easy, I already knew all my habits. I could hide behind corners and sneak through alleys. I already knew of a dead-end alley close to my home I could sleep in. My lips curled up and my fingers tingled with excitement. I would not be a murderer! --- --- I hope you enjoyed that one! /r/jraywang for over 100 more stories. 