
"Mom!" I screamed and tucked away the wines they had once spent years collecting. Only the bottles remained. "Oh shush," Eleanor, my mother slurred. Now she preferred the name Ely. My dad giggled beside her and grabbed an empty bottle, eyeing its last drops. "No, no." I snatched the bottle out of his hand. "Guys, you have work tomorrow. How are you supposed to go in like this?" "Oh we have work everyday," George, my father, groaned. "And it's always the same damn thing. Live a little Sals." "That's Sally," I said. "And you won't have work everyday if you keep this up." "I'll drink to that." He pulled a flask from his pocket and swung his head back, swallowing a massive gulp. I snatched that one too. "Mom, dad. You have work tomorrow and I have school tomorrow. C'mon." "Sals." George pushed himself up, suddenly serious. "Sit." It wasn't the slurred words of a drunken teen, but the calm and steady voice of a father. I did as I was told. "When you get to my age, you'll realize that you've spent your whole life trying to draw between the lines. You spent decades coloring in the picture that society had told you to draw and while its a pretty picture, it isn't *your* picture." My eyes widened. Somewhere deep within his intoxicated, teenage brain, my father was still providing me the wisdom of his years. "I'm not saying you should throw away the picture completely, but venturing a bit outside the lines isn't bad, in fact, it's what lets you own your picture. Do you understand?" I nodded. "Yes, dad." "Look," my mother said, Eleanor not Ely. "Everybody has regrets. Its inevitable. Me and your father, we have a lot of them because we never explored and now we're just trying to make up for lost time. We may seem crazy to you, but what's truly crazy is how hard we kept to our little bubble, never seeing the world beyond it." I pressed my lips together and nodded again. "Yes, mom." "So in that spirit, me and your mom are going to head out for a bit to experience the world," George said. Then, it hit me. "Hell no! You're just trying to get into the party the Assisted Living Campus is hosting tonight!" "Sals, c'mon!" And George was once again slurring his words. "It's the biggest party of the year. It's themed! Corporate Hoes and CEOs." "I'm the corporate hoe," Ely giggled. "No." I redoubled my efforts to collect their alcohol. "No, no, no. You are on lock down tonight, mister." "Why are you always such a hard-ass!" George shouted. With the last of their alcohol in my clutches, I stomped out of the basement. "Don't even try to sneak out!" I screamed and slammed the door behind me. "I hate you," came the muffled voice of my father. "I wish I was never born!" I exhaled a small breath and brought his flasks to my mouth. I would need a little bit if I was making it through the night. --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more! 