
"IT support center, how may I help today?" It was just another day in the IT call center. "Yes I need help, my mouse won't work!" Just another day.... but the one that I had signed up to work on. "Oof, that's a major bummer! let start with some basic troubleshooting - is the mouse plugged in?" Most of the time my coworkers and I would look for any reason not to come to work. Sniffles? Call out sick with the flu. Car low on gas? Having car troubles, need a day off to figure it out. Coffee spilled on your clothes? Chemical hazard in the house, can't come in. But today.... Today is something special. "Yes, I plugged it in, and it just won't work!! Do you think I'm stupid?" Today is the day I get to drop the customer service filter. "Well, you are calling in because you can't seem to figure out how to use one of the most basic computer interfaces out there, and most intelligent people would at least be able to google the issue, so I need to assume you at least a little moronic" "EXCUSE ME?!" "Let's start off slow so you might have the chance to keep up. Is your computer even running right now?" "I have NEVER been talked to like this before, let me talk to your manager IMMEDIATELY!" There it is, the very best part. I grin horribly as I tell the user please hold for a moment while I grab my supervisor. I reach over to the mute button on my phone, before reaching right past it and pressing 9 on the keypad. The user can still hear me, I'm sure of it, but she doesn't know I know. "Hey Martin, I have an IDIOT on the line -...- Yea, this waste of oxygen isn't even able to plug in a mouse -...- Yup, she wants to talk to you, if she doesn't choke to death on a marshmallow first" I can hear seething from the line, every disrespectful word fueling her anger, and enhancing my glee. I press 9 again to make it sound like the phone is being un-muted, then lower my voice by just a tiny bit "Yes, this is Martin, how may I be of assistance today?" "You little SHIT, if you think I can't tell it's still you then you are VASTLY underestimating me!" "Maam, You'd be impossible to underestimate, you lost a battle of wits against a USB device" "FUCK YOU!!" ---Click ---- Today makes the job worth it... if they get to shovel their bullshit down my throat 364 days a year, I DESERVE today... even if it may be my last. Martin is headed down the line of cubicles, and he looks PISSED! 