
I spent the entire train ride doing my best to work out how on Earth they'd done the trick with the platform. Had it been a hologram? Some trick of light? I regretted closing my eyes at the last moment. That was certainly where it might have been revealed. "What house are you hoping for?" asked the girl beside me, hands sticky with the jelly beans she had been eating the entire time. "Uh, one with a bit of light would be nice I suppose," I mumbled. Her hand paused in the candy bag, eyes blank as she regarded me. Then, she laughed brightly. "Oh, you're a funny sort! I bet you'll be Hufflepuff. That's what I hope for since my mum was one." I looked out the window, completely uninterested in having my thoughts over the platform trick interrupted. "Yes, I'm certain that I will. Listen, do you know how they did the platform trick? Through the column?" The girl wrinkled her nose, "I'm just starting school. How should I know something that complicated? I barely know how to do a spell or two let alone the structure of tethered spells and teleportation." I looked between her huffing face and sticky hands, muttering, "Yes, I suppose you wouldn't." The rest of the train ride with Agatha (the name of the girl with sticky hands who would not stop asking me inane nonsensical questions) was an exercise in patience. At various points I could only assume she laughably thought that she would be doing real magic and not advanced parlor tricks. Poor girl was likely to flunk out when she realized the opposite. When we arrived, I followed the crowd into a strange little alley and pulled out the list of materials I was to purchase. Upon examining it, I realized the school would be big on theater. I mean, down to phony wands and familiars! And judging by the crowds of prospective students it was to be a live animal we we're surely meant to care for. One owl, a few books, and a bevy of questions regarding a number of tricks and illusions I had seen in the stores, I arrived in front of the wand shop. After overhearing a discussion between two boys about the price of the wands, I turned about and walked right back down the street. Absolutely no way was I going to pay that much for a phony stick! I managed to find a bit of wood and I spent the remainder of my afternoon carving my own damn phony stick. That evening a boat ride brought me to the great Hall of the most fantastic building I had ever seen. Traps and tricks and all manner of illusion in every nook and cranny. I marvelled at how they must have accomplished it all! What geniuses of invention lurked these halls, and how lucky was I to learn their ways! We settled in a most amazing Hall with the grandest illusions overhead. I scarcely listened to the speeches at the front podium I was so enamored with the display above me, and I did not seem to be the only one! It wasn't until they brought out some funny looking hat that my attention snapped back to the front. One by one students put the thing on and the animatronics would kick into gear and someone would presumably speak through a speaker attached to the thing to say the name of a house. So this was what the girl had meant. She was a hufflepuff as she had hoped for. When came my turn I was ecstactic to examine the hat. "You need to look straight ahead and not into the hat, my boy, lest I put this on your face," an elderly man spoke kindly. "Sorry," I mumbled, straightening my head down. The way the hat squirmed on my head once placed there felt so much like something alive that I felt entirely creeped out by it's presence on my head. After a few hums and haws, the hat would burst out into loud, throaty laughter. Everyone in the hall would be disturbed by the loud, rancorous sound. "What house indeed! What house indeed! Long has it been since I've rooted around a muggle's head," it crooned in a mumbled so soft only I could hear it. I felt the hat with my hands. Soft. No electronic parts. It shifted under my touch. It was alive. I screamed and threw down the hat, which laughed again and called out loudly, "Muggle! You fools have let in a muggle student!" ......... "You've been in a coma for weeks," the nurse explained to me. I lifted a hand to my head, feeling groggy. "Do you remember anything?" she asked softly. "Just weird dreams. I don't really remember what they we're about," I murmured. "What caused it?" The nurse smiled kindly, "Just a bit of a gas leak, but you're alright now." 