
The following transcription was recorded on July 27th, 2672 at approximately 11:43PM before Admiral Alabaster led the suicide charge in sector X34 against the still unidentified invading ship that entered our orbit approximately one week prior. All lives were lost. ---- >I want to make something very clear to you all, right now. >I am afraid. >Yes, you heard me right. I won't lie and pretend that I am not terrified, that there is no terrible pressure weighing on my mind and chest, like I'm drowning on dry land. Right now, before my very eyes, I am watching my wife burn as if she's here with me. I smell her charred flesh, my head echoes with her screams, but I know it is a lie. I know she has already been taken from me. >We still don't fully understand them, but it's abundantly clear that they find joy in terror. The panic epidemics, the mass suicides. . . that ship, right over there, is the cause. I guarantee it. >So, what do we do? There are enough explosives on board to turn Venus into a new ring for Saturn, but our armaments are down, and we cannot attack at range. We hardly have enough fuel to get back home if we chart the best course, which will be impossible since it requires so much maneuvering just to dodge their particle cannons. >What do we do, then? >I will tell you. >Burn. >Burn bright against the quiet night. >Burn bright and dispel the shadows which hide within, lurking in the unseen. Like hydrogen, like helium, we are but fuel; a catalyst that rages in the heart of the most magnificent star this universe will ever know. >Dying is what we do. All things come to an end, so that the new may follow. >Do you hear me, my men, my blood, my heart? All things must come to an end. So on this hallowed day, let us not end alone. >March into the heart of darkness with me, and together, let us silence its beating with a glow that will be, for just an instant, the single brightest spot marring the dark of space. >All things must come to an end-- the difference between us and them is that we're prepared for it. >And as they strike terror in our hearts, we too will strike it in theirs. Let us show them a fear more real than anything they can conjure in our minds. --- Because of that crew's efforts, not only was the invasion repelled, but suspicions were confirmed when all nightmares, widespread depression, panic, and mania ceased upon their retreat. It is because of them that our visitors learned that fear is not an effective weapon against those that have learned to brave the dark. --- */r/resonatingfury* 