
It takes true darkness to shatter the kindness of a pure heart. They held me from my ankles down the window, their laughter spiralling, in swirls, across the air; their joy seeped into my ears, echoing, echoing, echoing. My screams faded in the errant paths of the wind; my desperation turned into hot tears. I don't know what it was, an odd movement, a lack of strength, a miscalculation, or intention. But the winds whirred, and the ground grew closer and closer and closer until the darkness enveloped me, and my soul, in tendrils, billowed out of my body. The darkness was brief, no longer than a blink, and when it faded I was standing beside my dead self. People gathered around me, their faces horrified, full of terror. I walked away, far away from the scene. It wasn't that I couldn't bear witnessing it, or that the grief was overwhelming in my heart. No, nothing of the sort. It was because I didn't feel anything. I knew it was me who lay on the ground, limp, lifeless with a pool of crimson beneath. But it meant nothing to me. I bumped into something then, and a voice, brittle and breathy, spoke as I turned. "Chaos can never overtake order. An action is repaid with an action of the same weight. That's true equilibrium, and equilibrium is the web that holds everything together." He was clad in bone-white, ever-billowing robes. His face was shapeless, for it was always changing. But one thing was static and true, and that was the glimmering scythe he was holding. It was golden, etched with swirls and whorls, and on the blade, engraved, it read, "Karma." "Is it for me?" I asked, and the serene seas within me remained calm and tranquil, as though he was no more than a passing bird. "It is," he said, and held the scythe to me. "Do you understand what it means?" "It means I will be the spider weaving the web." I got a hold of it. It was weightless, no heavier than a feather; it fitted perfectly in the curvature of my palm. "May I begin?" "You may," he said, and into birds he dissolved. I gazed at the window I had fallen from. Many students were staring down to the floor. I couldn't see who had thrown me. But I would find him sooner or later. And collect what he owed me. -------------------------------------------- r/NoahElowyn 