
'Excuse me, but what did you just say?' I asked the brutish green humanoid before me. 'You are hereby now the ruler of the Orcish Empire,' the alien said. 'I'm duty-bound to serve as your bodyguard and advisor, Your Imperialness.' Orcs are gigantic compared to humans, their heads standing taller than anyone else in the room by at least 8 feet and saying that an orc was built like a brick shit house was a huge understatement. These creatures were fast enough to chase down speeding cars, strong enough to rip a tank in half and could take heavy artillery from most other species like they were paintball shots. Now I've never seen orcs in person before, only on TV and in movies, but even now I could tell that Brom made any other *orc* he could possibly encounter look like a slender pre-teen standing next to a professional weightlifter. We were having this conversation outside my battered old house mainly because the ten feet of steel would have to rip the wall off my house to get inside. And I was afraid he could actually do it. '*How?*' was all I could possibly ask. 'Well, it's both extraordinarily complex and... surprisingly stupid,' the orc chuckled. He was constantly glancing about, making himself a wall between me and whatever threats he could possibly identify. 'Well, for the complicated parts, whatever chain of command that existed a month ago, when the previous emperor died, no longer exists. When he died he had several of his heirs disowned for being unbecoming of the orcs. War criminals and slavers, mostly. And they chose to try and take the throne for themselves, murdering the only other heirs. Due to five century of rigorous inbreeding there were no branch families.' 'And how the fuck do I figure into this?!' I asked. 'A barely legal star deed,' the orc said as he held up a certificate. It was a name deed, one that lay claim to a binary star system somewhere in the Andromeda galaxy. It was registered so a man named Gerard O'Loughlin. 'Your grandfather paid about $20 for his name to be given to a star,' Brom chuckled. 'It barely constitutes to ownership of the whole star... But given the dire circumstances and to prevent civil war, it's the best we've got.' 'Fuck, and I'm just trying to scrape by enough funds to pay off my student loans and still have enough to eat,' I said to myself. He brought up a holographic interface before himself and looked over records before pressing a single button. 'Payment confirmed,' Brom said. 'It's best we leave as soon as possible, sir.' 'And what if the orcs don't want to acknowledge me as their leader?' I asked. 'I'm not exactly someone who would command respect in a room filled with people weighing a ton.' 'Of course,' Brom said with a chuckle as he signaled me towards a vessel. 'And the gravity on Draenor will probably kill you instantly. We've got everything sorted.' 