
"Mom! Mom! Guess what I'm speaking!" "What, honey?" My mother let out a giggle as I began a few more lines in the strange tongue. "It's the language where English and Spanish and Indian come from!" I laughed again. Four year old me was a fun kid. According to my mother, I always introduced the language the same way. "The language where English and Spanish and Indian come from." She couldn't understand a lick of it, but I was fluent in the language, apparently. It sounded like nothing she'd ever heard before. Lots of guttural sounds, she said. Kids and their imaginations. By the end of my first year of preschool, I had forgotten the language completely. Every word, along with the grammar, had faded away from my brain. I probably didn't even know how to pronounce some of those guttural sounds my mom mentioned. I sometimes thought I remembered words, but I never did. It was a lost cause. "Hey kid, why you starin' at the ground? Whaddya think you're doin'?" Two bulky men came up to me. I was fifteen. I couldn't do anything. I was petrified. "C'mon, hand over the money." And then, one word came to me. *"Pchunes."* The entire street lit up, fire everywhere. I ran away, the fire moving away from me, as the fire burned through buildings. What had I done? What did I just cause to be? The fire, the *pchunes,* was reported on the news later that day. The two thugs were dead. Nobody realized who was really behind it. Twice more, words have come to me. The first time was seemingly out of nowhere. The word *dhwer,* meaning "door," came to me. A door opened in my house, which I took out of my house. It's still a part of my house. Later that day, I would learn that burglars were breaking into my house at the time, and I had been spared. The third time was when I was hiking in the Grand Canyon. I had stopped sweating, so I knew I'd be fine to continue the hike, when a word popped up. The word was *sneigw.* I said the word, and a storm of cold snow billowed across the badlands. Everybody was reporting on it, probably my most well-known stunt. You've likely seen the pictures, have you not? Today, a word didn't come to me. I just started coughing from a terrible illness. "Hnghkhkh...*dnhghwech*..khhngd..." I felt like I had said a word I shouldn't have. Suddenly, a severed tongue dropped onto my lap. I threw the thing away, but I realized that I must be going crazy. It was that day I decided to call a shrink. "So, Peter, why are you here?" Dr. Falco had glasses on and her hair tied into a nice bun. "Well, I feel like I might be able to manifest some sort of item when I say the word for this item in a strange, ancient language." "Okay," she said, taken aback. "How would you describe this language?" "Well, I knew most of it when I was a kid, but it faded away. All I know is... that it's the language where English and Spanish and Indian come from. That's what I always told my mother." "Peter," she said, seriously, "Have you ever heard of Proto-Indo-European?" I shook my head. "Well, it's a language where most European languages, as well as Sanskrit, all come from. By comparing various languages, we've been able to figure out what it sounds like. I could print out a list of words, if you'd like?" "Sure, why not." She went to the printers and came back with a sheet of words. I began to read off them. "Ekwos?" I had no idea what was going to happen; there were no definitions. Suddenly, a horse appeared in the middle of the room with no explanation. "Oh, I'm sorry! I'll clean up the mess, if you'd like--" Dr. Falco sighed. "That'll be no big deal. Now, you're going to come with me to room 265, suite A. There are some... more people who need to talk to you." 