
The shadows slithered through the temple, skulking in every corner, caressing the visitor's face and body. Each step took him deeper into dark chambers. The smells assaulted his senses -- lilac and spice, blood and ashes, sweat and fear -- still he held his head high and carried with him the tense confidence of a wronged man. "Oracle!" Lykos said. "I seek your guidance." The old lady, perched on a stone dais, lifted her bony hand in greeting. She was surrounded by trays with strange powders and fluids. Her sharp nails gleamed in the trembling light of the fire. Her veil fluttered in the breeze of her lungs. It was said that she had once been a beautiful maiden with hair like liquid onyx, and skin of the softest coral sand. It was also said that she had traded away her beauty for wisdom and an eye that could see into the beyond. "Oracle, I've been wronged, and I require the means to find vengeance," Lykos said. A low cackle came from underneath the veil. "Wronged, you say? Or perhaps...*blessed*?" "There is no blessing for me in this!" Lykos spat. "I don't care who took my wife behind my back, but I swear on my life and all the gods, that whoever did this will taste the bone of my knuckles and the steel of my blade, or else I will drown myself in the sea." "Men are often quick to lay down oaths... some spend their lives unable to fulfill them... they die unhappy and regretful..." Lykos strode up to the oracle and grabbed the brittle woman by her cowl. "Who did this to me? I need a name, Oracle!" Unfazed by the rough grip on her clothes, the old lady calmly put her calloused hand on Lykos arm. His grip slackened in an instant and his mouth fell open. Every hair on his body stood up. "Zeus..." he mumbled. "The Lord of Olympus himself!" The oracle nodded. "You need a lot more than just a name, my boy." "This can't be..." Lykos shook his head. "Why would Zeus choose Iyandi?" "Only Moirai knows the motives of gods, and her weave is a hard one to divine. But it seems for now, that your string of fate lies entwined with the one who has wronged you." "I guess I have no choice but meeting the waves." "Oh, but meeting the waves is your fate, whether you choose to honor your oath or not." Lykos sank to the ground, clutching his face in his hands. A muted concert of crickets rang through the olive garden outside. He had been too quick to speak. An oath to take vengeance on Zeus himself. What a foolish concept. "What do I do, Oracle?" This time he clutched the bottom of her dress. "Is there a way out of this?" The oracle remained silent for a long time, her breathing slow and measured. "Look into the flames," she said and grabbed a pinch from each of the trays, grinding them in a mortar. Lykos looked up as she emptied the bowl into the fire. The flames shifted color from orange to vibrant purple. "Look into the flames," she said again. "What do you see?" Straining his eyes, Lykos allowed himself to be lulled by their hot dancing tongues. Soon faces and places appeared in the purple flames. A blond warrior raising his helm and laughing heartily. A golden fleece hanging from an apple tree. A woman carrying a clay jar down to a river of swirling white. The silhouettes of a young couple, kissing in the light of the moon. A lady lifting her veil, turning an entire room of people into stone. The skin of a flayed lion, wrapped around a massive set of shoulders. A head rolling down the marble steps of an immense temple. A crying baby, held up toward a sky crackling with lightning. A bird of fire, crashing into the sea. "Ah, now you see," the oracle said. "Now you know." "I don't understand," Lykos said. "What does it mean?" "The flames tell many tales, my boy." The oracle held her hand into the fire, and the flames seemed to eat out of her palm. "The future is always changing... you can never know the motif of the weave until it is complete... you can only ever see the colors of the yarn..." "Please! What must I do? Give me something!" The oracle grumbled, the contours of her face visible behind the veil. "You must find the king of the Myrmidons... that is where you must start... yes... ask him about the road to Thetis's lagoon... that is where your journey begins... but you must be quick... war is coming, and the days for some men are numbered." *** More at r/Lilwa_Dexel 