
I made a mistake. Well, I've made plenty of mistakes, but never one this bad. It was really bad. Let me start where these things normally do, seven months ago. I'm nobody special, nobody unique, but I have a certain... set of skills... I'm good with computers. Just a thing I can do. Also I'm pretty bored, pretty much all the time. Anyways, like I was saying, seven months ago it was a dark and stormy night, in mid-June. I was going about my usual online shenanigans, enjoying the digital freedom of the TOR network, when I stumbled across a website, a hit-man website. Now, I've played Assassin's Creed, I used to airsoft, I watched the Soprano's, and in a moment of monumental mindlessness, I thought; "Fuck it." One sign-up form, two ads for blood-cleaning products, and several minutes wait later, I got a notification. "John Holden. 554 Olive Boulevard Boulevard, Spokane, Washington. $5,000 & 50/50. Quiet." Huh. I checked my bitcoin wallet. I was $2,500 richer. No wait, $2,600 richer. $2,850 richer. $1,000 richer... shit. Bubbles. I mapped the address. Not too far. I began running through the countless mental exercises I had practiced over the years, backwhacks and headshots, 360 no-scopes and teabags... Wait, I wasn't really going to do this, was I? Well, this wouldn't be a very entertaining story if I didn't kill him, right? I didn't kill him. Funny enough, that wasn't my big mistake. No, I walked from that impromptu assassination with half the money and no consequences. At all. None. Seriously. Have you ever ordered a hit? Do you know how? Probably not. That was my mistake. I assumed that whoever was on the other end of our little transaction was... well... I don't know, someone like you. It didn't occur to me that somebody with the capital to order hits on a whim probably didn't like being messed with. "Fuck it." So I did it again. And again. And again. New profile, take a case, take the bitcoin, run. How much did I make? Much. However, like all good things, this too had to end. It was early (for me), and the sun was lancing terrible burning spears through the slats in my shades. I covered my eyes as I stumbled over to my desk. After going through my original routine of checking my bitcoin walled, creating a new account, and logging in, I surfed through the list of new contracts for something lucrative, all the while pondering what I would do with today's haul. And then I saw it. My name. Right there at the top of the list, in bold red font, with an extremely tantalizing number beneath it. You can tell at this moment where my priorities were misaligned. And it wasn't just one listed once. I scrolled through the list, flipping past entry after entry with my name, my address. Thousands, tens of thousands, there was even one over a million, all with half-upfront. There were contracts in a dozen different languages, each with the same charge (as far as I could tell). So here I was, just an average kid from Washington, sitting on a figurative dragon's hoard of meaningless but very valuable digital currency, dead-center in the cross-hairs of over a dozen criminal organizations. Criminal organizations that were, in a rather misguided approach, hiring hit-men on the internet to whack someone who pretends to be a hit-man on the internet... Can you guess what I did? Well, I'll leave the exciting bits out so that they can make a movie out of this some day. Don't want to spoil anything. In short, I'm writing this from my undisclosed, private island, martini in hand. Well, twenty-three of the world's best assassins are writing this... 