
"I mean, I hoped I'd paid you well all these years Jenkins, it's just..." I splutter, struggling to find the words, "fifty billion?!" Jenkins bows his head, wearing his customary smile; neither mocking nor gleeful, simply a warm curve of the lips. "I suppose I have managed to be somewhat thrifty over the years, sir." "Thrifty!" I bark, wrenching open my gleeming oak tantalus and withdrawing the whiskey I'd been saving in the event of bankruptcy or ill health. "My entire estate is worth less than one percent of your current bank account! All my assets, my life savings, it's barely a drop in the ocean compared to those numbers!" I poked my head inside the tantal- oh to hell with it, it's a lockable cupboard, damn my pretenses! - sliding bottles aside, searching for something to pour the whiskey into before I began drinking it neat from the bottle. "I do apologise sir," said Jenkins, presenting me with a glass tumbler on a tray, along with was a bowl filled with ice and a steel set of tongues, awaiting my grasp. "I never meant for you to see." "Good heavens man," I replied, swiping the glass tumbler off the tray, "it is me who should be apologising! I never meant to look at your private affairs! I would have declined to mention the unfortunate event, had the numbers not been so..." I twirled my wrist, searching for the words. "Unexpected, sir?" "Large Jenkins. Ridiculously large." I threw myself down into my bespoke armchair, taking all the air out of the cushions with my weight. "You're the richest man I've ever known, and you've waited on me hand and foot for twenty years..." "And an honour it has been to serve, sir." I extended a hand to the vacant chair next to me. "Please Jenkins. Sit with me. Drink with me. Tell me why." "But of course sir," said Jenkins, producing a second tumbler from within a pocket and sitting gracefully down in the chair. "What do you wish to know?" I poured a healthy measure of whiskey into my butler's glass and topped up my own. "Well, if it isn't too personal, I'd like to know how you amassed such wealth, and why you still serve now?" "I serve because I am good at it, sir," Jenkins said, sipping from his tumbler. "If I were not serving you, I would serve another. It is was I was born to do, it is what I will always do, sir." "Good god man," I whisper. "Do you not have dreams of your own? Why, with that kind of money you could buy anything you wanted!" "Not anything, sir," murmured Jenkins, looking down at the black liquid as he gentle swirled it around the glass. "Whatever do you mean?" I asked, leaning in close, clutching my own glass tightly. Jenkins looked up at me, his mousy brown mustache twitching. "Do you not notice, sir? That I do not age?" I blinked as thought trying to clean my eyes, my mouth hanging slack and foolish. "I... I beg your par... you do not age?" "Our kind never does," Jenkins sighed sadly, his eyes returning to the black drink. "Your... your kind?" I whispered, my mind racing with stories of old. "Jenkins, are you... are you a vampire?" Jenkins gave a soft titter. As always, it wasn't mocking or condescending, just a polite chuckle at the subject matter. "Oh heaven, no sir. How soothing that would be. I'm afraid I am something much worse." "Worse...?" I ask, taking a hearty swig of my whiskey, my throat burning as it dribbled down into my guts. "Worse than a vampire?" "Oh yes, sir." Jenkins sipped his own drink and looked me dead in the eyes. "I am a butler." I stared at my servant a moment before bursting into abrupt laughter. "I'm well aware of that Jenkis!" "Are you, sir?" Jenkins asked coldly, cutting my mirth. "So very few truly are." I adjusted in my seat, my glass empty. The moment I had noticed it, Jenkins began topping it up. "You... you are human, aren't you Jenkins?" "I am a butler, sir," said Jenkins, placing the bottle back on the tray, gripping the steel tongues and dropping two ice cubs in my glass with a sharp clunk. "My kind have served the elite of humanity from your very birth." "But this... this isn't possible? You are people, just ordinary people, with jobs!" I gulped down my whiskey like a child at his mother's teat, momentarily pacified from weeping or bawling. "Not a job sir, a calling." "Surely all Butler's can't be-" "All of us. We share a calling. We share a lifestyle. We share a bank account. One that only ever has deposits, destined never to be withdrawn. We all look identical. Sound identical. Because we are the same being." I laughed again. "All butlers are not identical!" "Mousy brown moustache?" spat Jenkins, almost accusingly. "Eloquent, British accent? Dry sense of humour? The same suit. The same shoes. You never notice. None of you ever notice!" "This is madness! This cannot be possible!" I gasped, looking at the man who had served me for almost half my lifetime and barely recognising him. "Of course it is sir," he said with a wry smile, "didn't you wonder why we were all called Jenkins?" [RJHuntWrites](http://www.reddit.com/r/RJHuntWrites) 