
From her understanding, air pressure was regulated by temperature. Or at the very least, air density certainly was. And, somehow, as the hot air lost density it would move. So then, she imagined like a vacuum, the surrounding cold air would rush to fill the gap. It was the most basic description of her powers that they had ever given her, and she still didn't quite understand it. She only fully understood that whenever she focused enough on a spot, a light gust of wind would arrive soon after. It was cool, or so she was told on the regular by heroes with fame and capes and cereal boxes. Didn't look that cool from where she was standing. But then again, the cameras were hogging all the good angles. Or at least, that's what she would have called them before today. Today, all angles had been bad, except for her angle. It had looked like any other day at first, bad guy threatening the world, good guys with huge biceps standing up to him. The usual. And as *per* usual, she had been there to make them look good. Pays the bills and all that. However, this time something had gone wrong. With the risk of sounding overdramatic one might even say *horribly* wrong. Before she even knew what had happened, she found herself under a piece of rubble. She was bruised, confused, and, she suspected, at least lightly concussed. But more than that, she was disturbed at the hot and wet sensation across her suit. Blood. She panicked for a moment before the realization struck her that it wasn't hers. Around her, tossed like ragdolls, hundreds of bodies lay stationary. Pools of deep, dark crimson spraying the surroundings in a horrific pantomime of abstract paintings. Heroes, reporters, bystanders, the slaughter was free of discrimination. And, slowly rolling across the devastation like a soft breeze across the plains, came instead a dry fit of laughter. He hadn't seen her yet, too busy basking in his own destruction to bother even glancing her way. But he would, and she knew that when he did, she would be dead. And more than anything else in that moment, she wanted to live. But she wouldn't, not this time. Not when the greatest heroes she had ever seen were cracked open like coconuts on the pavement. She was the only one left. So in one last desperate act of defiance, she did what she had always done. She focused. But this time, she focused fully on him, not the air in front of him. And she watched him slowly turn around to face her, a fiendish grin spreading across his face as he lifted his hand-- --and began to scream. Grasping his chest he fell down on his knees as his lungs were burning up without a fire, scalded from the inside and cutting his horrific yell short. Scalding hot steam exited through his orifices, burning out his eyes from their sockets. With his last nightmarish motion, the scalded husk of a man reached out one hand in desperation toward her, before collapsing onto the ground. She was shaking, her eyes tearing up as the scent reached her nostrils and she tried her hardest not to retch. She failed. She had killed him, but more than that she had watched him die. But the most oppressive thought was one that stuck with her even as the paramedics pulled her out of the pool of blood and vomit. One that persisted even as a medal was hung around her neck to the sound of uproarious applause. Ultimately, no matter how many people had died that day, she was glad to be alive. 