
The next twenty seconds were some of the longest Agrutu ever experienced. "Fire back at them, damn it! I'm bringing intel to you!" he yelled into the crackling communicator, as he dodged the latest barrage of pulsar shots from the Chinese starships hot on his tail. Agrutu felt his skipper shudder under his tentacles. She was technically a leisure craft, certainly not designed for high-speed intergalactic chases. "Give me some cover!" The American starships, wrathful leviathans that they were, merely continued bobbing peacefully on the other side of the border. Agrutu could tell that their weapon systems were primed, but it seemed that the selfish bastards were not going to lift a finger to help him. He was on his own. "We see you, Agrutu," came the calm, disembodied reply, "we'll be waiting for you if you make it over. All the best." "Hey, wait, wait -" A single energy blast caught his skipper on the wing, tearing it off effortlessly. Agrutu closed his eyes, held on tight to his controls. This was the moment of reckoning. He felt his skipper shudder as he crossed the border, and the automated message was beamed directly to his mind. "You are now in territory controlled by the American Empire. Please ensure all passage tokens are ready for inspection. You are hereby reminded that smuggling of any Class A restricted items is a capital offence. All passengers... " He had made it. He was safe now. --- "Untentacle me! I am on your side, you ugly monkeys! I'm here to see High Commander Leighton, he can vouch for me!" The energy restraints bit into him, and as much as he struggled, Agrutu found no relief. He could tell that the soldiers were too low down the food chain to understand the import of his mission, and his only hope was that they had enough presence of mind to summon their ranking officer. Once he had all that cleared up, once the transaction was completed and the Americans paid him for the intelligence he had smuggled out under the Chinese Dynasty's nose, he would be made for life, just as he had been promised. Still, he couldn't shake the feeling that he had leapt out of a solar flare only to land in a collapsing nebula. "You are Agrutu?" said the man with pepper hair, whose entry into the room brought a certain electricity to it. He wasn't as tall as the others, or as strong, but Agrutu could clearly see that this one oozed power. "Yes, yes! And you're Commander Leighton! I recognise you from the holograms! Listen, I'm on your side! Just check the cache on my skipper! Fifty oolabytes of hard Chinese intel, straight from their main servers!" "How did you get your tentacles on those?" "You guys recruited me, don't you remember? Your agents contacted me, and I agreed to help! So please, let me go, give me my credits, and I'll be on my way!" It had seemed almost too good a deal back then, but the Americans had kept to their word most of the way. Agrutu was just another alien, one of dozens who had been employed to assist with maintaining the vast administration of the Chinese Dynasty. Then came one of the humans, slightly different in colour and shape than the humans he had been used to, and it was there that the deal was struck. And the more Agrutu learned, the more he was stumped. It turned out that the human race, at the apex of the galaxy, was itself made up of twenty different rival factions, all hailing from their home planet Earth. Never before had the galaxy seen such diversity in represention, such lack of homogenaeity. It was in that cauldron of competition between the different human factions that spies like Agrutu found their calling. "You should be treating me better," spat Agrutu, turning purple with anger. "I risked my life for this, and all you can -" The room fell silent again, as a second man, equal in stature, entered. This man, Agrutu was intimately familiar with. "Commander Xi? What..." Agrutu's mouth hung agape. "Ah, so you were the one who was undermining our systems. Took us some time to root you out, and at much cost too." "But why... I thought you... all hated each other..." "We don't like each other much, that's true, and from our long history there were times you could even say that we hate each other," said Commander Leighton, after tipping his head slightly in the other Commander's direction. "But once we escaped our home planet, saw what spoils lay in the great beyond, it turned out that our hatred was misplaced." Commander Xi smiled, baring his teeth. "As he said, we learned that the only thing we hated more than each other, was other species." --- /r/rarelyfunny 