
Today marks the tenth year of me locking myself down in this bunker. Hooray. I sit down on the couch in the living room with a bowl of the stale cereal I've been saving for this anniversary. I ran out of dehydrated milk years ago, so I have to deal with eating it dry. But after ages of eating vitamins, meal supplements and whatever produce I can grow, this is a welcome treat. I flick on the TV and switch it over from my computer screen to the satellite dish. Normally nothing shows up, but sometimes I'll catch a rogue signal of a Roseanne episode I don't have downloaded. Today, however, was different. Every channel was broadcasting the same exact video of a disgruntled looking man standing on a stage in front of a murmuring crowd. Why did he look so familiar to me? "Todays the day folks! After ten long years, we finally get to reveal the winner of the worldwide hide and go seek competition!" The man says, arms pumping in the air, voice echoing through the loudspeakers. The crowd erupts into cheers and applause. Competition? I don't remember any competition like that back in 2018. "Ladies and gentlemen, I hope you're ready! When the clock strikes noon, the curtain will fall and reveal the victor. Count it down with me, folks! Thirty... Twenty-nine.... Twenty-eight..." A giant screen above a huge curtain counted down the seconds. "Eighteen... Seventeen... Sixteen!" The crowd continued. Something in my gut didn't feel right about this. "Ten... Nine... Eight!" I put my bowl on the table and focused on the screen. The announcer looked so familiar, I swear I know him. "Six... Five... Four!" My chest started knotting up. I stood up and walked closer to the TV. I knew who was under that curtain. "Three... Two... One!" The curtain disconnected from the top and tumbled down, revealing a giant photo of...me, from ten years ago. Sparks, streamers, and balloons shot all across the crowd. "Congratulations, Mae Abbot! You have won the grand prize of one hundred million dollars!" "God damn it! Fuck!" I scream and kick the table into the wall. "All you have to do to claim your winnings is to come out of hiding, Mae! There will be a huge party in your honor!" The announcer shouted over the sound of the crowd's uproar. I can't believe I almost thought this was a genuine broadcast. "It's really that simple, baby girl. Just open that bunker door and step out into this nice bright sunshine." I know why I recognize him, now. It's been so long since I've seen him that I almost didn't remember what he looked like. It's my dad. "Open the door, Mae. See the sunlight." His voice now cold and commanding, the crowd silent. I don't move. After all these years, I've blocked them out of my mind. To forget what happened ten years ago. To ignore that constant screaming just outside the bunker. To ignore the slamming and knocking on the heavy steel door. To ignore how my friends and family are paraded around like puppets to manipulate me into going outside. How every person outside this bunker isn't even human. They're not the same, anymore. Ever since that day. "MAE, OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR! OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR!" Dad shouts as loud as he can, his voice cracking and his face turning red from the strain. I cover my ears. I can't listen to this. "OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR! OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR! OPEN THE FUCKI--" He shouts over the sounds of the crowd screaming the same. I punch the TV as hard as I can. I punch and punch and punch until my knuckles are bloody. The TV tumbles to the ground and falls silent. The bunker is quiet. But outside, I can still hear the screams, commanding me to open the door. Tears well up in my eyes. I curl up on the floor and sob into my bloodied carpet. I can't go outside. I'd change too. I need to keep the door locked. To keep the sunlight out. 