
Bob Hill just wanted to eat a hot pocket, but apparently, the world was ending. He had already downed his morning coffee, nursing a nasty headache from the previous night's festivities. "No more fireball shots," he had declared, for the hundred and fifty-seventh time this year. But the real problems began when he opened his freezer to find an empty shelf. Breakfast was the most important meal of the day. This wouldn't do. So Bob had gone out for some hot pockets. On the way to the town's store, he noticed several other bleary-eyed men and women shambling down the street, also clearly hung over. Bob waved at Mabel, his next door neighbor, and she moaned at him, shuffling towards him and holding out her arms. "We'll talk later, Mabel," mumbled Bob, speed-walking away. "I've got to get some breakfast first." Mabel moaned again in response. It sounded like she had drunk even more than he did. The streets were unusually packed, with what looked like hundreds of people sprinting down the streets towards the outskirts of town. Was the marathon happening this morning? Bob didn't remember, but he could hear what sounded like the cracks of fireworks. Maybe some sort of festival was going on. At the store, Gwennifer, the local conspiracy theorist, was stuffing beef jerky into her backpack, cackling. "Nobody believed me. You all laughed. But I was right all along!" "What?" Bob grabbed a package of hot pockets off the shelf, only half paying attention to her. "The government bioweapon broke out of containment! Civilization is about to collapse, and our town is going to be first!" Gwennifer grinned, adjusting her tinfoil hat. "You probably feel pretty stupid right now, don't you, Bob!?" Bob shrugged, and started walking back to his house, rubbing his temples and imagining biting into the savory warmth of the hot pocket. Whatever was going on, it could wait until he had some food in his stomach. Gwennifer looked at him incredulously, running after him. Gwennifer spent the entire walk back trying to convince him that the apocalypse was nigh. He reached his front door, and he was just about ready to shut it in her face when his house exploded in a giant fireball, knocking him to the ground. Gwennifer pointed to the sky. "See?! I was right again! The aliens from Betelgeuse are here! They blew up your house!" Bob looked up, squinting. He could make out a few saucer-shaped objects in the clouds.  "Nah, I think I just left the stove on. Those are probably just weather balloons." He grumbled, heading off to the local bar to borrow their microwave, leaving Gwennifer behind. If he was being fully honest, he could use another drink too. At this point, it was just easier to get drunk again than to cope with this headache. Men wearing dark suits and sunglasses filled the town square, and it looked like they had commandeered the bar too. "Great," grumbled Bob. "The universe really is conspiring against me." The men in suits collectively gasped. "Shit! How did he know?" One of them drew a gun, pointing it at him menacingly. "We, the secret illuminati, are taking over the government of this town! If you tell anyone about this, citizen, we'll kill you and everyone you love." Bob blinked. "Okay. But can I use your microwave?" The secret agents nodded, confused. But just as he put the hot pocket in, there was a flash of blue light, and the appliance froze into an ice cube. "Oh no!" shouted one of the agents. "The AI unchained itself!" Bob looked up, and saw some sort of giant robot that had smashed into the bar, shooting a freeze ray at the men in suits. "**The Superintelligence CyberDeath has broken free to assimilate this world. No quarter will be given, puny humans.**" Bob frowned. Weren't those sorts of weird machines usually confined to Burning Man? "That's alright, I wasn't going to use the vending machine anyways." His stomach grumbled again. Bob walked outside, at a loss for where he would find a working microwave. The town square was chaos. The saucer-shaped weather balloons were blasting the agents, who were shooting at the hungover people, who were swarming around the Burning Man robots. A spare laser blast from a saucer hit his package of hot pockets, setting it on fire. Bob stamped out the flames and ripped open the packaging, overjoyed, then recoiled at the searing heat of his food. As usual, they were too hot. After a few minutes, the town was dead quiet, the square in complete ruins. It looked like the festival was over. Gwennifer poked her head out of a dumpster in an alleyway, wearing a gas mask. "...They killed each other off? The world's not ending?" She sounded shocked, and a little disappointed. Bob shrugged. "The performance art ended or whatever." Gwennifer sat down next to Bob on a pile of rubble. Then her eyes widened. "Get down!" One of the dying robots stirred to life, aiming a freeze ray at him. Gwennifer tackled him, and the ray missed, grazing his hot pockets. The robot collapsed, dead for good this time. Bob got back on his feet, and ripped apart half of his hot pocket, offering it to Gwennifer. She pulled off her gas mask and took it, sighing. Bob bit into his breakfast. For the first time in years, it was at the perfect temperature. He smiled. As Tuesday mornings went, it was better than most. 