
I look at the man with the fiercest stare I can muster, yet he doesn't back down a single bit. I see the resolve in his eyes, the determination. His guards have their weapons trained on me, though I pay them no heed. I'm a hulk of a man, a giant among Lilliputians with peashooters. Peashooters that would still probably maim me. "You will give me back what I require, right now, or I shall get very angry indeed." I'm kind of banking on the anger point here, as just smashing everything would result in irritating consequences, namely that I would be injured, and probably be unable to collect what my client has hired me to retrieve. "I have guns trained on you, from fifteen different angles, and I can have them shoot you at any given point. The only reason I'm not giving the order is because you amuse me very much, you pathetic freak. You belong in a circus show, with the bearded ladies. " That's it! My muscles tense, my mind is in flux. I see red for just a moment, and then everything becomes so clear to me. My physique shrinks down to a more average size, I feel my mind expand. This is the power of my anger point. I look around, studying the shocked reaction displayed by most of the armed thugs. My, my, they are so surprised by this extreme makeover. I turn back to my equally shocked opponent, who has stepped back a bit. "What happened!? You look...er...smaller." I smile placidly. "Yes, this tends to happen when I am pushed to a breaking point by senseless fools." I boop him on the nose playfully. This form has the habit of being much more subtle with his skills. "Bring the Lektor out here. You could use a man if my services. Give me the Lektor and I shall work for you." He laughs. "A man of your services? I don't need a man who can slim down, thank you very much. There are plenty of diets that do it for you. Anyways, for the Lektor? Not a chance. I take it back, maybe you belong in an asylum instead." How funny. I suppose I shall have to prove my worth. I study his figure carefully, using my mind to see within. What has he done? How does he react to things? Small minute little differences. "Well, I suppose I can't work with a man who cheats on his wife." He tenses, look at that. He's caressing his ring finger carefully. "But you are also cheating on your mistress as well, so I don't think fidelity is much of a value to you." His eyes dart around the room nervously. Just enough time, just enough time. Light preparation, plans within plans. He grins widely. "Might as well show you the Lektor then. One little peek before you die. Everyone who disrespects me like that dies, you ugly rat bastard motherfucker." He snaps, two thugs run to a back room, and he shoves me slightly. "Don't touch me." "I do whatever I please, whelp. Have a problem with it?" The Lektor is brought out, and I study it carefully. The markings, the energy within. It's not just an ordinary relic, I feel. Oh, feel that, feel it. I can. "You got your peek." He grinned, as I continued to plan. 75, 125, 170... "Fire!" I dodge the bullets with ease, preparation time allowing me to study the angles. Lucky I've been kept rather annoyed by his time-wasting antics. I grab the Lektor, and throw it against the wall, which allows for a concussive blast which knocks out all of the armed thugs in a line. Oh, I feel it leaving me. My anger subsides, and I bulk back up to tower over the terrified man in front of me who looks ready to flee. With one punch he is on the ground, out cold. I pick the Lektor up. Mission successful. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/bluelizardK 