
Krux roared as he charged the human again. His body, a reconstituted silicone-metal substrate, strained to contain the fury within. A quick feint with his right arm, a swing with his left, then an uppercut from his middle - there was more than enough explosive power in his attacks to level an entire building. The human should have perished. The human should have been reduced to atomic dust. But the human was still alive. And smiling, too. "You're cheating!" Krux raged. "You're cheating, and when I find out how, I will tear you from limb to limb!" The human continued to smile, then beckoned for Krux to approach. From the cacophony of cheers and whistles rising from the gathered audience, Krux heard the voice of his manager, high-pitched and urgent. "Don't let him get to you, Krux! Just focus! Keep calm and take him out!" "Can't you see that I'm bloody trying?" "Try again," urged his manager. "Just try again, Krux! It's taken you this far, it will not let you down!" "What do you think I've been doing this entire time?" There wasn't anything wrong with what he was doing, Krux was sure of that. Krux was a Scintillion, a race of invertebrates that had clawed a place for itself in the galaxy through sheer will, pure determination, and a healthy helping of psychic powers. Scintillions in the flesh were tiny creatures. They were just living central nervous systems, a humble mass of neurons encased in a thin, porous membrane. Scintillions were so fragile in their natural state that mere exposure to sunlight for more than an hour would have killed them. Yet, with their vast reserves of psychic powers, Scintillions were one of the most lethal species in the universe. Krux, mere seconds after birth, had gained full consciousness and an astute appreciation for the periodic table. He had reached out to his environment, found that there was an abundance of raw metal deposits, and had weaved the elements together into a suitable vessel for his great mind. Within minutes, he had refined his prototype a dozen times over, enhancing for mobility, survivability, and lethality. Where he was stumbling with his first steps before, he had now become a dancer, a deliverer of death and destruction. Before the day was over, he had conquered the city which he had been air-dropped into. Full mastery over his own physical body was but half of Krux's secret to success. Krux, like all the other Scintillions before him, excelled at reading his opponents' minds. He could even, after a fashion, intercept and interpret electronic signals from non-biological species. As long as his opponent was sentient, and could consciously direct their own actions, they were open books to Krux. So why was this human so different from the rest? Why was he unable to defeat this single human in mortal combat? "Tired already?" said the human. "You're shielding your mind," growled Krux. "That must be it. You've blocked me out." "I considered that. The rules do not forbid bodily enhancements. But no, I have not done anything of the sort." "Then how-" said Krux, before he broke off and launched into a surprise attack. He sped towards the human, a blur of blue and white, and lashed out with one of his legs for a savage kick. But the human stepped to the side just in time. The human placed his own fist out, and Krux ran into it straight on. Krux heard a ding from overhead as the human clocked up one more point. "Training," said the human, as he hopped away. "I've trained under worse circumstances than this." "Where?" asked Krux, as he rearranged the broken components of what was once his nose. "Planet Nymore? Where the surface crawls with giant sandworms? Or Planet ZR23? Where the hive mind directs every living species in concert? Or Planet Tuorton? Where lumbering monstrosities hide in the shadows?" "None of those," said the human. "But I've fought with my older siblings for many hard, long years. You've ever trained like I have, Scintillion? Where you are always weaker, always slower? Where thinking about your next move gets you knocked onto the ground because you were one microsecond too late? Where you have no choice but to rely on pure instinct?" "Instinct?" "Yes, instinct," continued the human. "Only I've honed mine to the cutting edge. You can even call it... Supreme Instinct, or Mega Instinct, or Paramount Instinct." "And you think that Pinnacle Instinct nonsense is going to stop me?" The human laughed again. "Please, do try." 