
"Multiple radio signals detected." the communications officer was working feverishly at the controls. "What?" The High Lord Admiral, soon to be the head god of the primitives of the 3rd planet of the system they just warped into, sounded confused. "What kind of signals?" "Artificial, sir. Thousands of them, all emanating from the target planet." The Admiral chastised the officer. "That is impossible. You obviously have no idea what you are doing. You are dismissed from duty and should report immediately for recycling." Without hesitation the comm officer stood up and walked off the bridge. Another officer took his place. The bridge went quiet for a minute to reflect on what happened before the radar control individual piped up. "We are detecting a ship, most likely originating from the target planet." This time the Admiral stood up and walked over to the radar screen. "Show me," he said icily. When the control officer pointed to the dot in question, the Admiral roared "That is probably an asteroid!" "It's accelerating, sir." he replied quietly, showing him the numbers. Before the admiral could respond, his first officer announced "Admiral, viewing has reported they have a telescoping lock on the planet. The Admiral knew he didn't need to bother to ask to have put it on the screen and just turned towards it as the planet popped up. Everyone on the bridge gasped. The side of the planet on the screen was currently pointing away from the system's star, so it was dark. Except for all the lights. The lights of an advanced civilization, at least level 12, mainly along the coasts and rivers of the planet. For the next two days the small squadron of ships made their way to the planet. The amount of information coming out of the planet was staggering. They had not brought the proper personnel or software to interpret all of it, and the fact that the natives had not yet unified their languages didn't help matters. They had plenty of video information coming in as well as the data the radars, telescopes, and radios brought in. The planet had multiple artificial satellites, a unified worldwide network, and even their own massive telescopes. They even had landed robots on another planet. "How is this possible?" The Admiral had lost some of his roar. His officers were all at their stations, but they were all turned around looking at him. "We've met thousands of civilizations, none have ever had this level of advancement so quickly." There had been plenty of theories over the last two days, but none made sense. The planet and the species were unremarkable. There was a beep from the communication station and the officer assigned attended to it. Their face went to confusion and then to surprise. "Sir, we are being hailed." When the admiral nodded the officer activated the screen. A Coroki face appeared on the screen, causing every face on the bridge to immediately scowl. The hideous creature had his digits wrapped together and a wicked smile on his face. "Welcome to Earth!" "I should just eradicate the planet right now to rid the universe of you!" the admiral snapped. "I don't recommend that, there are several satellites with ship to ship missiles locked on to your ships right now, good luck figuring out which ones." The Coroki tilted his head. "Some of them are even tipped with nuclear warheads!" he said jovially. The Admiral sputtered before answering. "How did they accomplish all of this? Did you do this?" "I stowed away on your scout ship so many years ago. Knowing one of your God ships would eventually return I managed to make my way here and start helping them advance." The first officer spoke up, "Liar! We've seen footage from them, your ugliness is no where to be found!" The Coroki casually reached to press something on its wrist and itself was covered by and image of one of the natives. "I just moved about, hinting and building, " it kept pressing the button and cycling through various looks of the natives, "pushing when needed, being where I needed to be move civilization along." The comm officer gasped incredulously. "You hid among them? They would've worshipped you as a god!" It pressed another button to resume his form and then it spread his arms out. "Look at all I have created! Am I not a god?" The Admiral shook his head. "You are no god. A god has to be worshipped. A god has to be KNOWN." The Coroki went serious as it leaned in towards the camera and his face filled up the screen. He waited for just a second before saying with a wry smile. "You know me." Before any one else could reply it leaned back and gestured towards the screen. "Have a safe trip back!" it said before terminating the connection. 