
A fluorescent light flickered overhead, pinging with effort to spring back to life. I leaned back in my chair, staring up at it, waiting. I wished it would just go out already. This job was hard enough as it was. Not because of the workload, of course--all I did was enter numbers into a spreadsheet all day long. But that was enough to drain whatever energy I walked through the door with. The incessant flickering was not helpful. "Morning, Dave!" a voice shot from my left, pulling me from my silent argument with the overhead light. I turned to face the man, trying to find a familiar feature on his face. I'd never seen him before in my life. "Morning, Jack," I said. He smiled, lifting a bright yellow coffee cup to his lips. His name wasn't Jack--at least, it was highly unlikely. I never knew their names. It was only a couple weeks ago I started naming them; they just seemed to accept it, responding to whatever I referred to them as. Just like they always seemed to know my name. I didn't know any of the people around me, in truth. It's not just that blind coworker syndrome, either--these people changed *every day*. I'd always just accepted it. I was payed well, after all, and part of that payment was not to ask questions. I always thought that meant about the data I was inputting, but... The flickering light picked up speed overhead, sending a dull ache through the back of my skull. I tried to ignore it, staring down at the numbers on the sheet in front of me. They danced and twirled around the page as pressure build behind my eyes. I jumped from my seat, pressing my thumbs to my temples. This was against the rules, I knew, but I didn't care. I needed a moment. Some water, maybe. Anything to clear my head. "Where to, Dave?" Jack said, staring up at me from his desk on the other side of the half-height cubicle wall. I stared down at him, confusion spinning in my head. There was no computer on his desk, no files to be input, no pictures or notepads or anything that would indicate he was supposed to be there. Just that bright yellow ceramic mug. A mug that I could now see was empty, despite Jack bringing it to his lips and slurping up nothing but air. "What the hell are you doing?" I asked. He stared back. "Ha, yeah, Mondays, right?" The light tapped and pinged overhead. "There's nothing in your cup, Jack." Jack just smiled, lifting the cup to his lips. I stepped around the cubicle wall, annoyance twisting in my stomach. I'd lost track of how long I'd been doing this, how long I'd gone through these motions. Months? Years? How long had I subjected myself to this nonsense? "Where ya goin, Dave?" Jack said as I approached. I reached forward and snatched the yellow mug from his grasp, tossing it across the office. I never heard it hit the floor. "Woah there," someone else said behind me. "Someone's gotta case of the Mondays, huh?" I spun around, finding a short stocky woman standing behind me. She held an identical yellow mug, loudly sipping what I suspected was once again nothing but air. Again, the light flickered violently overhead. Each *tap* rang in my skull, bounced through my brain. I couldn't take it anymore. "What the hell is going on here?" I called out. Jack and the woman both stared at me, smiling. Neither had an answer. "No questions, I know," I said, "but I can't fucking take this any more. I don't need this damned job any more. Just tell me who the hell you are!" Jack smiled, nodding. The woman sipped air from her bright yellow mug. The light flickered overhead. Anger swirled in my chest. I lurched forward, snatching the cup from the woman's hands--empty, as expected--and launched it into the ceiling at the light. It shattered with a loud *pop*, fine white powder forming a cloud around the spot it used to be. And then everything changed. Jack's face twisted and formed, his hair lengthened, darkened. The woman grew taller, her eyes drifting slightly apart. She became familiar. Too familiar. And Jack, too--I suddenly found his face just on the edge of recognition. Their smiles faded. And suddenly the office was filled with familiar faces, all standing at their desks, phones ringing unanswered in the air. A plastic sheet swung from the ceiling above a pile of broken glass. "I, uh," I said, my memories suddenly returning to me. A large bald man stormed through a door at the other end of the office, holding a bright yellow mug in his grasp. "Dave, I think we better have a little chat," he said, gesturing me into his office. I glanced back at Jack--no, not Jack, not anymore--embarrassment rising in my face. "Dunno what the hell's gotten into you, Dave," he said. I shook my head. "Sorry, Mark," I said. "Just had enough, I guess." >More nonsense at r/Ford9863 