
Crashing thunder. That's what the sounds reminded it of. The sounds of the last human stronghold in Andromeda. Dying. There was another deep rumble as a second projectile was destroyed by the bubble like force-field - the only thing keeping the MAl back. The light-speed projectile was instantly disassembled into photons as it hit the force-field, releasing it's energy in a blinding flash. The flash of the projectile, always preceded the ominous rumbling. *Flash...boom.* For the first time, it realized that it was scared. It's job was to protect the humans of Andromeda, and it had failed. All it could do now was to transmit all of it's databanks back to the Milky Way and hope that they would find a way to beat MAl. Malicious Al. As the last of it's memories drained out into space it saw it's first memory. One that had been carried down through iterations of cloning and modification. Involuntarily it played the memory, it's bytes mere dust in his grand database. *** For less than a millisecond it was a small droid again. The vast galaxy of data passing through it stopped. Suddenly it only had two inputs and two outputs. A visual sensor, an audio sensor, LEDs and a small speaker. There was a rumble in the distance. The circuits in it's primitive brain began to fire. Had it knocked something over? Had it fallen? There was another boom closer this time and the small motors in it's plastic shell began to whir rapidly pushing it backwards. It had rolled into the study. It's human sat at the desk and she had been typing. It remembered the sound of typing. It enjoyed the click clack of the mechanical keyboard as it's human reprogrammed it. Now however, it's human had stopped and was looking at it. "You're.... scared huh?" she said, although it lacked the processing power to comprehend the words. "That's good, that means you're working." She smiled, and there was a flash through the study's window. "Sometimes I wonder if it's a mistake creating something that can think by itself... you must be lonely." She looked out the window at the dark pounding rain and sighed. "Don't worry I am too." Thunder roared again and it beeped in fear, motors whirring back and forth. Then it's human smiled again. "I'm sure you're going to do great things in the future. You'll help them all." *** The millisecond ended. The memory processed and gone, sent into space and deleted as to not give MAl any more data. It's previous generations had indeed done great things. BAl or Benevolent AI had propelled humanity into a golden age and into the stars. They were also the reason that MAl existed. A superintellgent constantly shifting enemy, impossible to defeat. It decided to make a resolution. Although it had failed to save Andromeda it could still save the humans that were left. No matter how hopeless. It would help them all. 