
25 years I've been sitting in this uncomfortable plastic chair in this cramped room in this...hell. I've seen men, women, and children of all walks of life come through here, yet I remain stuck in this 50 square foot room (believe me I've had plenty of time to count). The receptionist ignored me for the first 5 painful years then when she finally listens to me I'm told that I'll be "sorted out" soon enough. Apparently soon enough is 25 damn years later. Purgatory seems to be worse than hell, but it's not like I would know because I haven't had the grand opportunity to even get there. Mid thought the receptionist walked in nervously glancing in my direction. Her face was much paler than usual, which was a feat on its own, and her usually kept brown hair lay in a mess on her head. She came to a stop and spoke up "I'm terribly sorry sir but there seems to have been...a mix up of sorts" "Damn straight there has been, I've been waiting in this room so long I don't even remember how I died in the first place!" "No you don't unde..." "No no no you don't understand how uncomfortable these tiny plastic chairs are, or how I've been sitting here for two hundred and nineteen thousand hours while you told me I'd be sorted in no time!" I interrupted She gave me a look of despair as if what she was about to say was more important than what I was ranting about. Taking a deep breath the receptionist replied "So it turns out you never died in the first place haha...funny right? So we'll just get your records sorte..." "Wait wait what do you mean by never died? How the hell am I here in the first place if I'm not dead?" She ignored my question and continued "So you'll be transported back to earth today January 21st, 2042 Mr. Enega and for the mix up we will give you a guaranteed pass into heaven on your next visit we hope that you enjoyed your stay." Before I had a chance to respond there was a bright flash of light and I was suddenly flying through space past planets and glaxies. I continued downward until earth was visible going faster and faster until I was thrust into the ground at light speed. I felt dazed and nauseous, but I managed to open my eyes. It was dark, in fact it was pitch black, and I felt a bit crammed. Reaching around I touched what felt like a soft lining of some sort and above me was a hard roof made of...wood maybe? I tried to push the top above me, but it refused to budge. That's when I realized where I actually was, and how big of an idiot that receptionist must've been. For the first time since entering my new body I spoke my first words "Motherfuck". 