
The clinking of stilettos on scattered coins echoed through the cavern, scattering my gilded dreams into mist. Along with it came the scent of rose-touched flesh. I opened my eyes and raised my neck, to stare at the lithe figure swaggering across my domain. "Princess Hilda," I said, exhaling a cloud of midnight smoke. "Ron," she said, with a wave. "Where is the tribute?" "Always in such a hurry for riches." Rolling her eyes, she gestured lazily at the mounds of coins and precious gems surrounding us. "It's not as if your wealth is lacking." "It's not a matter of wealth, royal meat," I growled. "But trust." "A dragon mistrusting a princess. Wait 'til the town criers hear about this." I slammed a scaled foot on the ground, which cracked from the impact. "Enough games!" "Whoa, Bharghronaxtharalximor, why so uppity today?" The newcomer strode into view and placed an arm around her waist. With his other hand, he brushed his long golden locks over his shoulder. His polished breastplate reflected the dim light cast by the glowing furnace that was my beating heart with interest. "If only you share my feelings, Temarin," I said. "And you, mine," he said. "We've been working together for months; you two ought to get along by now! Nothing hurts me more than when I see you two squabbling." "You started that after you decided to play sword-in-the-stone with her southern kingdom! We had a good deal going; me sixty, you forty. Now it's me, fifty, and the rest to you two!" "Now listen--" "No, you listen! Why does she deserve a one-tenth share? She has the easiest job! Marry a bonehead of a prince, lead him to these caves to satisfy his nuptial crusade, and get captured by a dragon. Do you know how difficult it is to only immolate the courtiers and not any of the guests? Do you know how hard I try to not singe her dresses?" Temarin had his hands on his hips. "I suppose you're going to complain about me waltzing her back home without a fuss? Perhaps you'd like an actual fight with me next time? Just to make me work for my pay?" "You're certainly tempting me," I rumbled. "Would you rather go back to when we actually had to fight off vengeful kings and armies?" he said. "And having to pay off middlemen mercenaries to kidnap princesses sometimes when they don't stray here? You want to work with the Blackhand Troupe again?" "Okay, gentlemen, that's enough," Princess Hilda snapped. "My servants are lugging the gold here now; they've just been struggling to climb up the damned slope you melted into glass on our last job!" As if on cue, a troop of rough-garbed men trudged into the chamber, leading donkeys laden with bulging sacks. I tried to hide my excited gasp with a belch of flame, but Temarin was grinning at me. Damn, but not even a fellow dragon knew me as well as he did. Then I detected the smell of freshly polished steel wafting through the leather sacks. "Ho, what is that smell?" I said, sniffing hard. "Either you've brought a mine, or ... I said no weapons!" I reared up in alarm and roared, but the trap was sprung. Armored soldiers and crossbowmen tore out of the sacks and assembled, pointing all manner of weaponry my way. Hilda darted back, a look of purest venom directed at me. "You should've been satisfied with your fifty!" she cried. "Temarin, how could you?" I said. With this many men, and trapped in a cave, I wasn't sure I would survive the day. To my surprise, Temarin roared, "To arms!" The servants who'd been pulling the carts flung their robes aside, drew hidden weapons, and attacked Hilda's troops. "You traitorous cur!" she yelled at him. "This is merely business," he spat. "Truly you are my best friend," I said. He sneered at me and drew a sword that glowed with the light of the sun. I flinched at the radiance, recognizing it instantly: a drakeslayer blade. My elation turned to horror as I said, "No, stay back!" "You leave me no choice, friend," he said grimly, taking a few experimental swings with it. The blade could snuff even my fires like fingers on a wick. "For too long, I've allowed you to underpay me. No longer." My options were quickly dwindling, but the wisdom and foresight of our mighty dragonic race cannot be underestimated. I slammed my tail on the ground as a signal, and from below suspiciously small mounds of coins burst black-clad mercenaries. They screamed their war cries and rushed to meet my foes. "You hired the Blackhands?" Temarin said in disbelief as he parried attacks from two of them. "Of all the people? You hated them!" "Yes, but they've agreed to a cut of twenty for all future kidnappings," I said. If I could shrug, I would have. As a wise dragon would've said: treachery begets treachery. *** *Thanks for reading! Check out my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) for more stories if you liked this!* 