
I just stood there and stared at him for what felt like a full minute but was probably more like three or four seconds. There were a lot of impossibilities for my brain to process all at once. First, I had been standing in one place one second and a completely different place the next. This had not, so far as I was aware, ever happened to anyone else in verifiable history. Second was the, um, sorcerer? I was still having a hard time with that word, even though it or something like it was the obvious choice to describe the person standing in front of me. He was inhuman, that much was clear, and likely male, which wasn't; I had to guess based off body shape and voice, both of which were roughly man-ish. If you discounted the sallow green skin and weird orange eyes and total lack of a nose, just forward-facing nostrils. Third were the candles, which he apparently thought would keep me inside the circle. I guess those weren't really impossible, but I was still having a hard time with them. On closer inspection, there were lines and symbols drawn between the little wax lights. Maybe those were supposed to be doing the heavy lifting. "Ahem," he said. "Demon! You are summoned!" It was a pretty good show of confidence, but it flagged a bit as he added, "Ah, you can understand me, yes?" "Yeah," I said, crouching down to examine the writing more carefully, "I can understand you. I don't understand anything else about why I'm here or what's going on, but I recognize the words you're using, sure." My own voice sounded dreamlike, faraway, maybe because I'd never heard it quite so dazed before. "You must...you must do my bidding!" He coughed, then let off a long rattle of weird skittering words that seemed to sort of worm their way into my ears and along the full length of my spine. Something tingled at my temples, and I saw an error message at the edge of my vision. I rocked back on my heels and stood up. "Dude!" I said, knowing exactly how absurd it sounded even as I said it. "What in Hell was that?" "Hell? Hell?" he said, shaking his head. "You're the one from Hell, you should know! Now do my bidding! You may step outside the circle if you give me your binding oath!" Again that sense of tingle, now traveling all across my scalp, and this time I had enough presence of mind to read the error message when it showed up. ABNORMAL NEURONAL PATTERN DETECTED. CHAIN INTERRUPTED. PLEASE CONSULT YOUR NEUROLOGIST AT EARLIEST OPPORTUNITY. I lifted one hand and ran it over the synthskin covering one of my cortical implants. Had whatever brought me here screwed with my implants somehow? I put both hands in front of my face and moved my hands in identical patterns. The artificial left mirrored the mostly-biological right exactly. No problems there. "What are you doing?" the sorcerer said, more than a hint of panic in his voice. "Are you casting a spell at me, demon? You cannot! I forbid it! The Arcane Circle will not permit your foul energies to cross! Look at me!" Another tingle, another error message. I glared at him. "What are you doing with those commands? If you're trying to hack my implants somehow..." I let the threat trail off, mostly because I wasn't sure what to do with it. I wasn't armed apart from a self-defense taser in my left wrist. My military days were long behind me. He wasn't visibly armed either, but could easily be hiding something under the loose, elaborate fabric of his robes. "Tell me you will obey my commands!" Okay, some definite hysteria there, and this time I got three separate error messages and a very small headache. "Cut that out!" I yelled, and selected "YES" from the prompt asking if I would like a mild painkiller administered. He screeched in obvious fear and turned to run out the door. I stood in the circle, blinking. "What. The. Fuck." Then I stood a little longer, because I couldn't come up with any answer to that question. <continued> 