
"I'm sorry what?" "What's the deal with the penguin?" Shock, painted across his face. "You see him too?!" Nodding her head impetuously. Suspicious of the girl, he stares at her through narrow slits. "Wait...Did you talk to my sister? Audrey told you about him." "Never met your sister, we just met yesterday remember?" Looking over his shoulder, "You're telling me... You see a Lebron sized tuxedoed bird on my right currently waving?" "More like flapping but yes." Turning to the bird, he looks astonished, as if he's only just now seeing it for himself, winding his head back and forth between it and his date. "So, penguin, deal, what is it?" Getting up, snapping out of his reverie, he stands to the side of the bird. "So, you actually see this... thing...right here?" Outlining its bowling pin shape, he curves his hands around it, making a spectacle of himself. He proceeds to slap the bird across the beak, it's feathers ruffled from his handprint but otherwise unperturbed, waddling in place, looking about the room. Another slap to the other check, and circling back, another slap. "Don't hurt it!" She reaches out in defense of the creature. He slams back into his seat, pulling her in closer to avoid luring more attention besides the already twenty or thirty eyes who bore witness to him slapping air and being very loud. "He can't get hurt. Or doesn't feel anything. I don't know how he works." "Still." "Wait! No one else sees him. Only me. Since I was 3. No one! Not my parents, not my many therapists, not even kids with imaginary friends! Is that why you came up to me?" "I just figured you were doing a weird tv show or documentary or Planet Earth thing. Fowl Play would be a good name." "Holy shit, Madison you *can* see him" Showing her annoyance with clearly being able to see, she nods once again. "Sorry, it's just you're proof I'm not crazy" "I wouldn't say the verdict is out on that one, you just went twelve rounds with a penguin in the middle of a restaurant." "Fair." Flexing his throbbing hands. "Tell me the story Harry." He begins to regale her with how one day without warning, this penguin appeared, stalking him no matter where or when. A brain condition where specific areas, like for creativity and imagination, are enlarged and solidify and biologically speaking could explain hallucinations, but are in no way an indication of penguins. He'd never even seen an actual penguin until he was 7 on a field trip. "Brain's are funny. They are literally our entire being, they can break and create multiple identities, and they can create imaginary friends, and in your case a 6 ft. emperor penguin." "Fascinating. How can YOU see him?!" "Hard to say, maybe some minds are quantumly entangled? Maybe I have the same brain thing? Kismet? Or maybe your sister and I have been friends for 12 years and we're messing with you." Literal jaw drop. "Kidding! I just moved into the city a year ago! But man, your face, thank goodness, the food hasn't come yet, your beard would be in your chicken parm." Covering her mouth, she begins to laugh. A sound not meant for mortal ears, so entrancing as to lure sailors to their deaths, so bright as to drain tears from the most steeled veteran. "Hah. Seriously, what's your deal?" "Honestly, I'm pretty intuitive and a bit of an empath. I can feel people's emotions, not like Synesthesia. I've never seen weird stuff before, just feel. Like when someone's angry it's hot, or when someone's scared it feels like a noose around my neck. Penguins...are new." "What do I feel like?" "Just the penguin man, I don't know what that means." The waiter brings their dinners to the table albeit lukewarm. The chicken was tough, but thick in sauce while her fish needed more grilling. They talked about their weird quirks, their families reactions to them (her parents were not receptive and she lived a very cold and slippery life), and eventually come to the steps of her apartment. "Never had a penguin over before." Pulling Harry along with her. The morning after, he wakes up to wide open curtains, burning his eyes. Rubbing at them and reaching for his glasses, he looks over to Madison, smelling her perfume. Straying further right, the penguin waddles in place, his thrown shirt over its head. Looking over to his left, he notices a very similar penguin figure only this one has a pink ribbon on its head. Waddle. "Huh, that's new..." edit: words 