
Brian snickered to himself as the elderly janitor stepped into the room. The man had to be in his sixties at least and the only weapon he had chosen to bring was a mere mop. What a senile fool. "It was awfully brave of you to show up, old man," he called out. "It's obvious who's going to win. Why don't you save me the trouble and just quit?" The old man in front of him simply smiled serenely in response. "Funny. I could say the same thing to you. It would be better if you just quit now, so I don't need to waste time wiping your blood off the floor." Brian's face turned red with rage as he hardened his grip on the crowbar he was carrying . He was going to enjoy beating this idiot to a pulp. For a few seconds, they just stood there on opposite ends of the room, waiting to see who would make the first move. Then, Brian let out a loud roar as he ran toward the janitor, his crowbar raised over his head. What happened next happened so quickly that Brian barely had time to process it. One second, he had been running toward the janitor, ready to smash his head in, the next, the janitor's hand had whipped out at frightening speed and splashed something on the ground in front of him. Screeching as he desperately tried to maintain his balance, Brian felt himself starting to slip as the janitor swung the end of his mop at Brian's head. It was only by sheer luck that Brian managed to regain his balance and throw himself backwards out of the janitor's reach. Growling, he raised his hand to his neck and was stunned to find blood dripping down from his fingers. The bastard had actually managed to cut him? He glared at the old man. "I'll fucking kill you!" he screamed. The janitor's calm face didn't even flicker. "You're already dead," he said. What the hell? What the hell was this bastard on about? Suddenly, Brian eyes bulged as he started violently coughing. The pain in his neck started to swell and burn, and he fell to his knees gasping for breath. "How..what...what did you do?" The janitor gestured to his mop as he slowly walked toward Brian, who was desperately trying to scramble backwards, even as he was choking on his own blood. "I embedded the mop strings with barbed pieces of metal. After that, I just added some cleaning chemicals to create a deadly poison that could kill in seconds." He looked dispassionately down at Brian and forced his mop downward into the terrified man's mouth. "Now, if you excuse me, I need to take out the trash." 