
You've heard about the genie in a bottle, right? The trapped spirit that grants wishes, but doesn't have to like it? Well, I found one. I set it free, and... well, let me start at the beginning. --- I leaned back, folding my hands, and shared a smile with my lawyer. The genie scanned the first page from the stack I handed him, then started over to carefully read through it. Occasionally, he would open his mouth to comment, but close it again when he reached the next paragraph. It was, of course, air tight. My lawyer and I had spent hours going over it, defining every word, restating every phrase. It was expensive, but that was what my first, simple wish was used on: a pile of real money so I could pay my lawyer. Once he had his money, he didn't care what I was wasting it on - those were his words. After what seemed like hours, the genie carefully set the last page onto the towering stack of documents. For a long while, he just stared at the stack. "So. Uh. For your second wish... and let me see if I understand this... for your second wish, you are wishing using a... legal document?" I nodded. "Yes. I know your kind - always twisting wishes around, like there's some kind of lesson to be learned or something. This isn't a sitcom, buddy! I just want my wish, and I don't want to have to break reality to do it! Sure, it was hard work. Sure, just blurting out something about money, fast cars, or hot women would have been fun, but I want my wish to actually *do* something. Not just a *thing*, not a brief flash in the pan, but something that actually *changes the world!*" The genie sighed, massaging the bridge of his nose. "Look. Buddy. You... you don't get it, do you." My lawyer raised an eyebrow and gestured to the stack of documents. "I think you'll find he will." The genie shook his head, exasperated. "No, I don't mean the wish. Yeah, you really nailed that one down, good job, blah blah blah. I mean *genies*, man! We're magical! We're not here to be regulated! Our duty isn't to grant wishes, but to stir things up! Provide some variety! People say it's the spice of life for a reason!" "Ha! You're just trying to get out of the wish," I smirked. "I want my wish, and you are contractually obligated to fulfill it, so jump to it!" The genie just stared at us. "No, actually. I'm not." I blinked. "I'm sorry... what did you say?" The genie folded his arms, staring at me with his piercing gaze. "I said, I'm not contractually obligated to give you any wishes. And, if you want to get legal-mumbo-jumbo about it, the only wish-granting agreement we have in place is a verbal one, which is non-binding in this country, is it not?" I could feel the sweat beginning to form on my forehead. My lawyer stammered, "Uh... but, there is precedence-" The genie cut him off. "Precedence is merely that, and has no impact on the proceedings. This isn't law, and there is no judge presiding. This is business." I tried to interrupt, but he forced our silence with a wave of his hand. He snapped his fingers, and our carefully prepared documents exploded in flames. As soot and ash blew around the room, he drew himself up, smoke roiling from beneath him, the genie's eyes flashing angrily. "You have done more damage than you ever could imagine! I am the last genie, and you nearly squandered your chance! Humanity has always grasped at the easy route, and you are no different. You want the world, but you wish momentary things! Never anything of value!" With a crack, my wish was granted; the second part to a carefully prepared trio that would never be. Useless without the third part, in fact. The genie towered over me now, his eyes flashing red, fire dripping from his hands. I could hear my lawyer screaming, but it sounded distant; the genie filled my vision. "Only now will you understand. I am the last genie. I am War, and Peace, and Bringer of Ponies! I will not bend to... to... to *lawyers!* I will tell you the contents of your third wish, and you *will* wish for it. *Do you understand me?*" --- I'd planned everything out, but not that. I was forced to use my last wish, not for me, but for him. You know all those jokes about genies? Well, there's a reason. Genies aren't just magical, they are literally the embodiment of jokes. Not pranksters, but where humor *originates* from. No genies, no jokes. And all but one of them have been destroyed by making them do, well, un-funny stuff. Wish for a pony, only to get an indestructible pony that follows you everywhere? Hilarious. Wish to be able to see your dead grandma one more time? Pile of bones on your floor. It's a laugh a minute, with some life lessons thrown in. If I'd used all three wishes packaged up by my lawyer, the genie would have vanished. Died. Something like that. And with him... humor itself. Jokes would no longer be funny. Comedians would be out of work. The world would fall into darkness and despair. It was my duty to protect all of that. Sigh... And that, your honor, is why my hotel room was full of drugs, alcohol, scantily clad blondes, a pile of burning legal documents, and a dead lawyer. So about that insanity plea... 