
The baby monitor blares into life as the tinny sound of Kai's cries fill my bedroom. I groan, dragging myself up onto my elbows, trying to blink away sleep as I turn to the monitor screen. But as I start to pull myself out of bed, I see the shadow cross the screen, hazy and ill-formed. There's a sort of static hum - almost melodic if you squint. (Can you squint with your ears? You know what I mean.) Wispy dark tendrils of shadow pass between Kai and the camera in his room. I lower myself back onto my bed, my chest tightening with unease. I know the Babysitter has never done anything other than care for a child. As dark and mostly unseen forces go, it's less sinister than most - but having that presence in our little flat, lurking over my baby when I'm not there, singing to him without words in that lilting, unreal voice, creeps me the *hell* out. I sigh and pull out a tenner, tucking it underneath a book on the bedside table even as I hate myself for doing so. And then I pause. Slowly, I pick up the note and tuck it back into my purse. I sink back into my pillow, shutting my eyes against the sounds of the Babysitter's song and trying to ignore the anxiety heavy in the pit of my stomach. There are stories, of course, of the horrible things that happen to you if you don't pay for its services. But then again, I've never known anyone *not* to pay. Isn't it punishment enough to watch this vague, eerie force hovering over my child, let alone fucking paying for it? All I know right now is that I can't take years of this lingering, unsettling dread. If some magical ghoul wants to key my car or lose me my job, then so be it, so long as I don't have to think of it looming over my child every time I turn my back. ----- The next morning, the car remains un-keyed, the milk in the fridge is unspoiled, and I manage not to suffer a gruesome death on my way downstairs to fix breakfast. But even knowing that Kai is safe, even knowing that the Babysitter has never harmed a child, the knot of worry in my chest will not loosen until I pick him up and he babbles happily away. "Mama," he coos, before proceeding to spiritedly chew my shoulder. That evening, though, his baby food is already out on the table, warmed to just the right temperature, and a brand new teddy bear sits in his cot. Teddy gets acquainted with his new home in the bin, and I leave no payment. ----- The Babysitter continues to visit the flat, cooking meals, cleaning, and watching over Kai just as before. I wonder if it's even noticed the lack of money left on the table. Do I have to perform a sodding exorcism to get rid of this thing? Is it taking its payment in my goddamn blood in the brief hours that I fall asleep? I'm barely resting now, rushing into Kai's room every time he so much as whimpers, to be there to reassure him before the Babysitter arrives. Sometimes I sleep curled on the floor with my head resting uncomfortably against the bars of his cot, with tracks of dried drool on my cheek when I wake in the morning, bleary eyed and stiff necked. I know Kai is sensing my distress - he takes longer to calm even when I rock him, feed him or sing to him. His cry pierces the air, and I'm there in an instant. "What is it, ducky?" I whisper, peering into his cot. "Hey, are you hungry?" He continues to cry, and I lean down to pick him up. His shrieks only strengthen, and he pushes against me with his chubby little hands, screaming in earnest. "Mama." He wails, twisting in my arms like he did when he got his vaccinations. "I'm here, baby, shhhh, I'm here..." I gently bob him up and down against my shoulder. And then the shadow is there in the room with me. Fingers of dark cloud unfurl between me and Kai, wrapping him in a shroud of smoke-like darkness. The Babysitter is cold against my skin as it passes over me, and I can't stop myself from letting out a shudder. But Kai settles. A frisson of fear passes through me. I lay him back in his cot, kneeling beside him, my hands still stretching through the bars to gently stroke his tiny arm. He starts to whimper again, eyes wide and baleful, staring at me as though I am a stranger. "Hey, hey, sweetheart... Please..." I feel as though I am begging him. I am aware of my fingers tightening around his arm and I have to force myself to relax them. His eyes fix on a point beyond my shoulder, as if I am not even there. I can feel the unnatural chill behind me, the coolness of the air almost smothering. Shadow slinks around Kai once more, his blanket twitching up to rest around his shoulders. I feel a tear run down my cheek. "Mama," Kai coos again. ----- If you'd like to read any more of my stories, they can be found at [r/happinessinthedark](https://www.reddit.com/r/happinessinthedark/) :) 