
His hand was clammy, the limp shake stirring a familiar irritation inside me. "It's great to have you back," Brian said with a mysterious smile. I figured it was a slip of the tongue, like saying "you, too" to a waiter who tells you to enjoy your meal. I didn't question him. The interview process had been brief; I had found an email from the recruiter in my inbox detailing a set of skills that I happened to have. And then, voila. An interview later and I had the job. I didn't connect the dots at first when Zach bumped into me in the breakroom. I had met him during the interview. "Sorry," he mumbled, glancing up from his phone. And then his face broke into a smile, more the kind you would have when you're seeing an old acquaintance after a decade apart, not after seeing the new guy. "Hey, man," he said shyly. "Sorry about last time." And then it just kept happening. They kept apologizing for last time, like maybe they thought I had been laid off from my last job or they thought they had bumped into me a dozen times before or offended me somehow. I tried my best to write it off as the effect of working in an office full of senile office drones. I just kept my head down, minding my own business. "No phones in the office, Matt," I heard Brian say from behind me as I opened Reddit to start my habitual browsing. I glanced around at the other cubes. People seemed to have their phones. But I couldn't. I shrugged. I guess I had to earn my place as the new guy. I would sit there in boredom then, waiting for more work. Everything was blocked. Not just the basics like fetish sites and porn, but music streaming and news sites and games and everything. Even Google and Wikipedia. It was dreadfully boring. "Sup, Zach?" I asked, spinning around in my seat to where he sat at his desk, typing away a text message on his phone. "No talking except in the breakrooms, Matt," Brian said from behind me. Interesting. Not quite a welcoming work environment. But I needed the job more than I needed to stifle the boredom. I could deal with this, I told myself. I just had to stay focused, find work to do. Busy myself learning Excel macros or something... No Microsoft license. Solid. I wondered what everybody else in the office did all day. I stood, glancing around surreptitiously and grabbing my phone for a long shit. "No phones in the bathroom, Matt, we try to keep it brief," Brian said from right over my shoulder. I jumped. I hadn't heard him sneak up on me. His overbearing management style was starting to get to me. So I took a phoneless shit. You know how dreadfully boring that is? I was in and out in record time. Five o'clock finally crawled around and I stood to leave. "Have a good one, Zach," I told him in as upbeat a tone as I could muster. I was exhausted from the boredom. He ignored me. "Actually..." I heard Brian's voice behind me. "We have a bit of a production issue. We'll need your support." I sat back down, dejected. Back to staring lifelessly at my screen, supporting absolutely nobody. When I was finally released, it was dark out. I drove home mindlessly, ate a plate of leftovers I didn't remember making and then went to sleep. My alarm seemed to ring moments later and then I was back in the office, bright and early, staring at nothing in particular, just like my first day and the day after that and the day after that. I couldn't take it anymore. The boredom was making me sweat. My hands were trembling, desperately searching for something to do. Zach ignored my attempts at conversation, sometimes just glancing over his shoulder apologetically. My phone had been confiscated. My Rubik's cube, too. I had brought a pencil and paper just to have it taken by Brian. He seemed out to get me. I couldn't take it anymore. I felt myself breaking, turning to him in a furious rage when he told me I was taking too many bathroom breaks. "What the f..." I was met with his delighted grin and then I was immobilized from behind and dragged down the hall of cubes, shouting desperately at my colleagues. "Get out of here before it breaks you," I screamed at them. Some of them seemed to laugh spitefully. Some seemed to hang their heads in shame. I was sat rudely into a chair in a conference room, restraints strapped to both my wrists. "Time?" I heard Brian say, suddenly taking on the persona of a commanding boss instead of the meek dictator he had been in the office. "Day and a half," somebody answered. "You really pulled out all the stops this time. Pushed him over the edge." "Not nearly as good as last time," Brian said in response to the report, as if we had been through this all before. "I may have gone a bit too hard. Make sure to record that." He stepped in front of me, his lazy eyes now sharp and analytical as he looked at my face, still twisted in rage and confusion. He patted my cheek condescendingly. "I know you don't think so, but you're doing something useful," he said with a smirk. "Or we're doing something useful with you." Then he looked towards whoever was taking notes behind me and I felt hands push my head to the side and line a needle up with my neck. "We'll go a bit easier on him next time. Reset him." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 