
I think I wanted it at first. Being a werewolf was such a chaotic, wild experience. Constantly hanging on the edge of control, staring into the chasm of instinct and impulse, seeing how long I could teeter on the border of sanity... Melissa represented caution, discipline, and control. It had been like a sigh of relief, a release from responsibility, to be on a metaphorical leash. She grounded me, policed me; made sure I kept my nose clean. It started out self-imposed. I chose to stay in for the nights, chose to stay human. I couldn't let her find out about my 'condition,' and on top of that she was the perfect excuse to get me out of the weekly, if not nightly, hunts my pack always dragged me along for. After a while, though, I'm not exactly sure when, it stopped being self-imposed. After holding back from my carnal nature for a period of time, I began to crave it, but every time I 'decided' to leave, my heart would start pounding. I'd start looking over my shoulder as I got ready, feeling guilty and, for some reason, apprehensive, these feelings strong enough to dissuade me from leaving. I remember the first time I saw Melissa standing in the threshold between the dining room and the kitchen, her hands on her hips, her eyes dull and calculating. My hand was on the doorknob, and she regarded me, frozen in that position, like an alpha would a pup who'd taken more than his fair share of a kill. "Where are you going?" she asked. I swallowed, my mind searching for an explanation; I couldn't' tell her I was a werewolf going to run with the pack. "... I... uh..." "You're not leaving for the night, are you?" she said as her head leaned to one side critically. It was a question, but it wasn't a question. I turned my head aside, my heart beating heavily in my chest. For a moment, indignation rose in me; I was a werewolf! A terrifying beast of the night! How dare this mere human instill such fear in me! My eyes happened to glance out the window, and I saw the empty trash bins still sitting down at the end of the driveway. Relief flooded through me, and before I could think about what I was saying, I spoke. "Of course not! I just happened to see the trash cans out there... forgot to bring them in earlier, so I figured I run out and grab them now." At that, Melissa's thin line of a mouth curled into a smile, and she nodded; my quest for the trash cans had been approved. I turned away from her and opened the door, and that's when she said it, quietly, but loud enough for me to hear. "Good boy." The hair on my arms stood up, and I paused in the doorway. My breaths became heavier as thoughts and emotions raced through me, but I shoved all the implications aside. The trash needed to be brought in. r/TheCornerStories 