
This world is not real. Over a century ago, everyone knew of the simulation and that moment in time was commonly known as The Realization Point. That this world as we saw it, wasn't the reality we thought it was. Many broke down because they couldn't comprehend our new reality. Others rioted against their Churches. Others left wandering aimlessly. Some secluded themselves to those they trusted, their friends and families. People lost purpose. People wanted it back. They wanted the old world back. They wanted to forget their insignificance. However, a fraction of the people sought answers. Though the world knew of the simulation, noone really knew how to affect it. Some found glitches in the Matrix. A lampost's shadow rendering strangely when viewed from a certain angle. A timeloop after entering a door a certain way. A specific radio frequency that plays future conversations made in the same room. Things of that nature. Until one day, one of the first few to actually break the code discovered a sequence of events and actions that allowed them to gain access to their own memories. To read, write and/or delete their own memories should they chose to. Eventually this knowledge spread like wild fire and the few that wanted the old world back ushered others to delete the memory of The Realization Point. Many followed to the old world, until a threshold was reached and our simulation changed permanently. With so many entities opting into memory deletion, the simulation started to be affected. Everything shook in place violently. Like an earthquake, yet nothing moved. Everything duplicated itself upon itself but not occupying the same space like we know it should. That moment in time is now commonly known as The Shearing. The world was the same but not the same, both sides exist within the confines of the simulation yet one cannot affect the other unless you know your way around the system protocols to affect the now deemed The Old World Domain. The minority that stayed behind spent their days to reprogram other components of themselves. Those who knew of the memory access sequence, explored further. Through persistent trial and error they've been able to create and install new information as memories into themselves. So in the same fold they were able to replicate skills and knowledge of others if they shared the specific code designation of their skills from the Matrix. These people that alter their memories are called The Circle of the Mind. While the first to be altered of oneself was memory, some found ways to alter their bodies' properties. Some cured themselves of sicknesses and fatal diseases. Others were able to alter their appearance. Some even made adjustments to their human form and have been applying a lot of modifications that the streets would look entirely alien to any of The Old World Domain if they could see it. A fraction of this sect were able to reprogram their lifespans. Deaging themselves or swinging back and forth to when they were at their prime. It's risky to turn too young and not be able to turn yourself back. And a very few unlocked Immortality, they've freed themselves from ever leaving this simulation since noone still knows what happens when you die. These people who were able to alter their bodies' properties are called The Sect of the Body. Now, ever since the first alteration was made by The First of The Circle of the Mind, people have only ever been able to alter their own properties themselves. However, in recent weeks odd cases of deaths have been occurring all around the sector. A reaging gone wrong where the person wrongly entered an age-change-parameter that was way past the fatal age change limit approved by The Sect of the Body. A reportedly self-induced schizophrenia by an otherwise well-intent indulging member of The Circle of the Mind. Then there were a handful of odd case reports wherein multiple materials were found duplicated and fused in places. Which leads me to believe someone out there has found a way to access another entities' source code... and I need to find them. So I can finally save my comatose sister from her fatal cancer. ------ Side Note: To be continued, never... this is my first foray into Writing Prompts. So I've never actually tried to make short stories before and have been ~~inkling~~/itching to delve into writing somehow. I know I spent a little too much time world building, introduced a lot of bits and pieces and should've probably focus on a single encounter scene down the line where this story points to. Of at least our protagonist finally encountering the one with the new code-sequence to affect another entity. Or played around with the Immortals idea. Anyway, that was already a fun write and I got a good dose of inspiration. I'll be putting these ideas on a shelf... for now. Hope you guys enjoyed at least. Thank you for the prompt! EDIT: Just got gold! Thank you kind stranger! 