
The two warriors stood in front of each other, fist raised, checking any opening in their opponent, anything that could give them a lead in battle. How many times have I've seen this kind of scene unfold? how many times do I have to watch people stronger than I use their artificial bodies to the fullest? *I used to be like them* I thought, a thought that has repeated inside my head for a very long time. The bell rings, the two move quicker than the eye can see, and in one-second fists fly, they get parry and they get dodged, and then, they stare at each other again. They start to move side to side. the crowd cheers at the display of these powerful warriors. They seemed to be more or less on the same level One of them, the one with tattoos all over his body and a beast of a face, starts to glow red; the tattoos all over his body, start to glow and his muscles seen to get bigger. He growls in pain as the crowd cheers once more. from the way he looked like now, he could no longer be considered human; just a beast. *not good* I thought as I looked at him. What is the other warrior going to do? he had an armor covering his whole body, but I don't think he would be able to take a hit from those fist *watch, dodge* The tattooed beast lungs at him, his fist is shot like the bullet of a canon, the armored warrior barely managed to dodge, his helmet was grazed and in the next instant, another punch was shot at him, once again directed at his head. But once again he dodges and jumps back, *good* the same exchange kept going for a while, they traded experts attacks over and over, although the majority of the attacks came from the tattooed beast. the armored man was barely able to keep up and do a little bit of damage. The more I looked at them the weaker I felt, to me, these warriors were gods, something that I used to call myself many, many decades ago-- A hit, the armored warrior falls to the ground, the sound of something inside the armor breaking echoed through the underground ring, people cheered at the violence. No matter the era, humans were still the most disgusting beings on the planet, to find pleasure in things like this. I knew of this, of course, I was just like them, despite everything. Blood, not from the armored man, but from the tattooed beast, whatever changes his body went through were starting to affect him. from his eyes, nose, ears and mouth blood started to pour out. *is not enough* the armored man gets up but struggling to do it. --but now, I'm just a frail creature, weak, ugly, small. the only thing I was capable of now was the capacity to move strings, that is the only thing I can do in this world. The tattooed beast gets angrier, it roars and it looked as if he didn't expect the battle to drag out for so long, he lungs once again, not an inch of strategy in his actions, everything that could be seen, was the pain, anger, and more blood. But even with that, one more hit was enough, to end all this, to obtain victory in this forsaken tournament. And then it was over, it happened so fast that the crowd wasn't even able to tell what happened at first, there was a light, a silver light and the sound of meat being sliced and the sound of a head falling to the ground and rolling until it felt out of the ring. Only the armored man stood there, sword on his hand, no, his hand itself was a sword, that was one of the perks of being a Machine, the capacity of changing your body at will, ignoring the usual pain that would come from doing it live flesh. on his helmet a red orb could be seen shining brightly, the armored warrior looked at my direction, but from the outside, it could be said that he could be looking at anyone else. He bends his knee, as if he was a swordsman kneeling in front of his king, it only takes a second for the crowd to scream, jump in joy, whistle and scream his name, *my* name. Jester, a two-hundred-year-old vampire, probably the last and the weakest of them all, the only thing I was capable of was to move strings, the strings of the armored man, a Machine that had my blood in it. But of course, that's a fact that only I know. *** [r/Onni21](https://www.reddit.com/r/Onni21/) 