
Everyone feared the Arsenicides. While the oxygen tribes had long vowed to never remove their lifesaving element from people, the Arsenicides had pretty much made the opposite vow. Everywhere they went, they spread their poison. Just a wave of a hand, and you were choking on nothing. They allied themselves with the Brominiums and the Mercurites, and the most deadly Polonium traitors, demanding tributes wherever they went. Nothing could stop them. They left swaths of destruction wherever they went. Until finally someone stood up to them. The Avatar. Commanding power over all 117 elements, he managed to beat back the Arsenicide Alliance with the help of the Titanium Warriors, most deadly in their destructive power, the Helium Fliers, who would attack and retreat in the blink of an eye, and the Chlorine Commandos, deadly poisonous, but also givers of life. But after a devastating defeat, the Avatar was reborn as a child, and once again had to learn all 117 elements. But this time, she was determined to get the mysterious final element. Mine. She came to me with her strange companions, a music-playing Osmium savant; a wealthy platinum-merchant, wise but childish; A Bismuth druid, young but well versed in the field of medication, and the most deadly warrior in the realm, the last remaining Plutonium Man, glowing brightly in his melancholy. I knew she would come, as so many had come before her. But one by one, I had dismissed them all. No one was worthy of my element, most powerful of them all. But I agreed to listen to her pleas. She came and sat cross-legged before me. She said, "If you do not give me the secret, will you at least not join us in the fight?" I laughed. "I cannot join your fight, for my power is much too deadly to be used on my fellow man." She argued. "How so? The last Uranium Scientists fight by our side. The Cesium bombers fight by our side. Even the last Plutonium man has joined the fight! What could you have that could overpower them?" I waved my hand. Every plant within fifty strides died instantly. Without so much as a breath, the plants turned black, turned to dust, became nothing. The Avatar tried to fall back in fear, but the earth collapsed where she sat. The earth rose up to her neck, where it turned hard and unbreakable. I walked up to her sadly. "My element is that of life itself, young one. There is no man on earth who could wield it. Even I could not. It must die with me." To my surprise, I saw understanding in her eyes. "I will turn down this burden, Elder. Truly this one is too hard to bear. To bear life itself? No man is worthy." I exhaled. Finally, someone had turned down the gift. I allowed her out of her diamond cage. "You are right, young one. But I have searched long for the one who would understand this burden, and now I see her before me." I turned a stone in my hand into a diamond blade. The Avatar gaped. "Now close your mouth, child, and I will teach you the art of carbon bending." 