
I woke up sitting in a dim room, my thoughts hazy as I slowly regained consciousness. Where was I? One moment, I had just been minding my own business reading a book in the park, the next I had felt a stinging pain at the back of my head before everything faded to black. I tried to move my arms, only to find that they were restrained behind me. This wasn't good. "Well, well, well, our guest has finally woken up," I heard a voice call out from the shadows. Suddenly, I snapped awake and looked around the room wildly. There were six people standing in a semicircle in front of me, their faces barely visible. All of them mostly naked, all covered in blood and intestines wrapped around themselves. Skulls and animal corpses decorated the walls and ceiling of the room. A man wearing some kind of black dome helmet, who I could only assume was the leader, was looming over me and was holding a sharp knife in his right hand. Oh fuck. I'll lived long enough to recognize a murder cult when I see one. Oddly enough though, I wasn't panicking as much as I should be. I've gotten myself out of much worse situations than this after all. "Any last words before we gut you?" whispered the man in the helmet. Why the hell are you doing this?" I shouted back, trying to wiggle out of the ropes wrapped around my body. I'm fully aware that I'm not the nicest person, but I'm pretty sure I haven't done anything that deserves being eviscerated. "Ahh..I'm glad you asked," the man said, smiling a psychotic grin. "I'm Gregor, the great great great great great grandson of the First Priest of the forgotten Pastafarian Faith. To satiate the hunger of the Black Devil, we humbly offer up your intestines and --" I stopped struggling. Pastafarians? Why did that name ring a bell? A sudden memory sprung up from my depths of my mind, one that I haven't thought about in centuries. No, it can't be that. Surely not, it would be too absurd. But I can't stop myself from asking anyway. "...Are you talking about the Pastafarian Church by the priest Linguine from the village of Vox?" There's an audible gasp from the other cult members. "How could you possibly know about the Founder?!" hissed one woman. I stare back at them dumbfounded. "What the fuck? Is that what all of this insanity is about? Because of a prank that I pulled 400 years ago?" The man in the helmet grabs me by the front of my jacket. I can see fury in his eyes. "What the hell are you babbling about, heretic?" I stare back at him with disdain. "You are completely delusional, you idiot.Back when I was still mortal, I did a prank for the "Black Devil" that you're referring to. I showed up covered in spaghetti when a wolf pack arrived in the village and drove them out with a whip I made out of pasta. Then, I held an assembly, told the chief that his new name was Linguine and put a "holy" colander on his head. After that, I left behind a stone tablet declaring to all the villages that they needed to offer sacrifices of pasta every year to the Black Devil or the beasts would return." I shake my head in disbelief. "It was just a dumb prank. I figured you would just forget about the whole thing in a few years. How the actual fuck do you get from there to human sacrifice?!" I can feel the cults looking around nervously. Not surprising really. I've just revealed their entire religion to be a sham. "Lord Priest, he's lying, right?" one timid girl asks. I see the man in the helmet furiously glare at her. "Of course, he's lying! Can't you recognize how he mocks us?! But I'm going to end his heresy right here and now!" With one quick movement, he drove his knife through my throat. I glare at him as blood spews from the wound and gets all over my new jacket. "Do you believe me now?" 