
I feel the familiar feeling of weariness come over me as I step over the patient's bed. My full-sleeved pitch black robe is soaking with sweat. The sun has always shone punishingly on the Kingdom of Rasnobar; the humidity makes one dehydrate even in the shade. The patient on the bed is suffering from the Groxys Cough. The affliction usually infects fishermen that dare venture into the deeper reaches of the Crimson Sea, where the possibility of catching the most valuable fish is balanced by the risk of facing mysterious predators and pathogens. The Groxys Cough is notorious for being an excruciatingly painful condition, where the windpipe ruptures slowly under the sheer force of the body trying to expel bloody coughs. There is no known cure. Except of course, the cursed blessing I received long ago. "Healer Zadar," interrupts Xehna, my apprentice. "I do not wish to be rude but it looks like the patient is going into shock." The warning snaps me out of my reverie. I adjust the black glove on my right hand; I mask the sharp ache I feel at my own touch. I can see Xehna looking at the glove in muted fear. She says nothing. I place my bare left hand on the patient's chest, and close my eyes. I chant the sacred words that have been carved into my memory from constant use. Blue light shoots from my left hand; I dig my feet into the ground and bite my lip. It takes a full thirty seconds for the blue light to engulf the patient. A few seconds later, the bright glow begins to dim, until it disappears altogether. My legs buckle under my exertions; blood drips from the cut I have inflicted on my own lip. The patient's body stops convulsing, and slowly comes.to rest. The breathing returns to a shallow, easier rhythm. I collapse to my knees and breathe a sigh of relief. "Healer Zadar, may I ask you something?" "Of course, Xehna. A good apprentice always asks questions." I see her look at my glove again, and she takes a deep breath. "I know your left hand is capable of miracles. Pardon me for being so insolent, but your right hand... I sense great evil..." I sigh and look around the room. The patient is in deep, restful sleep. I know he won't wake for hours. "Close the door, Xehna." I whisper ominously. A pall of regret spreads itself across her face, but she obliges. When the latch falls in place, I start by taking off the glove from my right hand. Before the horror on her face has a chance to subside, I take off my robe. "Healer Zadar..." she gasps, before falling absolutely silent. I hold out my charred, burnt hand to her. The burns run from my fingers to my forearm. From the elbow up to my shoulder, the skin grows lighter from black to a bruising dark blue. "Every blessing comes at a price, Xehna. Suffering is energy. Energy can neither be created nor destroyed; it can only be transferred or changed from one form to another." "But this is horrible!" cries Xehna. I smile; shaking my head at the purity of her innocence. "I die a little at a time, while keeping others alive, Xehna. Is there a more noble way to live?" Edit: thank you for the silver, wonderful stranger! Means a lot :) r/whiteshadowthebook 