
There probably isn't even a funny song to remember this phone number. Probably not even a soundbite or an overplayed jingle. My mind, feeling the vacuum in the world, started creating it's own song while I dialed the number. And, in a children sing-song voice I sung along. *"Six Six Six, have stopped the ticks.* *Six Six Six, of a clock you can't fix,* *Six Six, Six Six, cause you're swimming in Styx."* An all business-like voice of a woman picked up on the other end and probably heard the end of my jolly song. "Hades, Hades residence, how can I help you?" "Yeah, hi, nice to... I'm calling about a certain dog. It just got delivered to my porch and the little shithead... I'm sorry, little shithead**s** have already managed to destroy my "Welcome" mat. All that's left of it is "...me" and while it's technically true, it's sort of self-evident. So if you could pick the pup and clear up this mixup, it'd be jolly good." "I see." Stated the woman. "We don't make mistakes. Are you Xan by any chance?" A great chance that she is right. At this moment I had the urge to drop the phone, suddenly feeling like I have just made a prank call and am going to get chewed over it. And there's already enough chewing in this house considering the tiny three-fuck-heads bastard working on my sofa now. After a long time of silence, the lady from really-down-under decided to take control of the situation. "You see, Xan, you've been chosen for the position of the ruler of Hades. You see, even with gods, various things happen and once in a millennia one God or another has to be substituted by someone else. Gods get born and die just like everyone else. Same circle of life. Just a tad bigger one." "But... I don't believe in any of this..." "That's not a requirement," she answered without skipping a beat. Guess I checked all the checkboxes. Then again, what were my checkboxes? Why did they choose me? And that is what I asked as my next question, just like I think anyone would have done. "You see..." She started to answer hesitantly "That is a thing many take offense to. And I would not tell the truth to other people chosen for lower positions, but as of today you are my boss, so your question is not a question but an order." She took a deep breath and continued: "You see, everyone has a plan in this world. Some are here to do big things in the name of Zeus. Some just to witness said work and praise it. Some are still cogs in the machine of Prometheus started many eons ago. There are also some who exist just for their beauty of voice or face. So it is not entirely easy to get someone on a short notice. So we look for people who have... Who have fallen through the cracks. For people overlooked. Someone not in any other God's plan and well... I crosschecked everything and well, Xan... You are useless. Unneeded by anyone. The unseen. And even now, when you will travel to Hades and leave your life, you won't be missed by anyone. And that's... Unflattering but true." I stood there, listening to her talk and it all seemed like a nasty joke, a strange prank played on me. And exactly through this disbelief the truth of it all found a way to me - there is no one on earth who would pull a prank on me. I have no one to suspect. I truly and absolutely was alone. And everything became much harder and much easier at the same time. The stone rolled off my heart and, tied to my feet with chains, fell down to the depths. "And what now?" I asked. "Do I kill myself or something? How do I get down there?" "Oh, please, don't do such a thing!" She shouted shocked. "We have enough deadders here as it is! We need a live man. You see, you are going to judge the dead, not be one of them. And let me tell you, it's no easy task. We chose you also because you haven't been consumed by anger nor love. You are empty, as a judge should be. It's not an easy task and it takes it's toll. We sent you a brand new Cerberus pup to grow together with you. He will help you preserve your humanity through the thousands of years of rule. And first, through the trials. Listen..." And that's when she gave me my instructions. I am to take Cerberus, leave my house and walk West. Walk to Hades. And how will I get there? Let me quote my new secretary on this one: "You will have many trials. And on the day your last hair will turn gray, you will finally be through hell and at the dark throne itself. You'll know of pain and of things right. And you'll be worthy to judge." And now I walk. Come, Cerberus. *Six Six Six I'll teach you tricks.* *Six Six Six You'll pick up sticks.* *Six Six, Six Six, we will make my crucifix.* 