
**The Last Elf** I kneel before the Ancient One in the glow of a pale blue fire. Lovely arcane thing. I love the white-blue it paints the world, but I dread what the fire represents. It was not chosen for aesthetics, but strategy. It too is secretly a thing for war, designed to generate smokeless heat. We are holed up in an old hunting blind, lying huddled under the stars like mice. The air smells like smoke and raw wood. Far away, I can hear the low moaning screams of those in my tribe who have not been lucky enough to die yet. The Ancient One's skin was once the deep purple-brown of the elves' native Florin Forest, but in his old age and waning life his skin has faded to a pale pink, like the underbelly of a salmon. He is sleeping now, with wet, shallow gasps. The bandage at his side is black with blood again, but spreading slower. It will only be a day or two now. Or perhaps better to count it in hours. The Ancient One will die and I, his lone apprentice, will take up the mantle of our gods in his stead. I will be the Ancient One at barely eighty years old, still young enough to be mistaken for a mere sapling of a girl in Florin, in our old home, when my world was new. It is so wrong, being lone apprentice to the Ancient One. I am the least useful of my dead brothers and sisters. I am no storyteller, no historian. I could build you a boat or carve bone beads or kill a human with my bare aching hands. I am never lost in any wood. I know practical magic, the kind that keeps you warm at night. The kind that cleans your bowls or prepares a perfect stew in moments. My magic is ugly, but it will keep me alive. But all my people's lovely magic, all our art and stories, will at last die with The Ancient One. Or perhaps they died when the humans first entered our wood with their hulking machines that smelled acrid, like smoke and death, and told us they were claiming our land. That we could give them our trees or let the humans take them by force. I smooth lavender oil into the cracked and bleeding skin along the pointy tips of the Ancient One's ears. I try not to cry as I remember. Remember remember remember. All I can do now is remember. I remember how we laughed at at those weak little humans like they were pale grubs trying on civilization. Like their little metal toys and whirring chainsaws did not concern us. And why would it, when we had three thousand mages in the village alone? Why would we fear our ageless trees would ever topple? We did not think. How we mocked the humans, but until they brought their fire and steel and hate we did not stop to think: *we have no magic without our trees.* And now the forest is dead and burning. I have watched the humans work long into the night, inching closer and closer to my hideout. By dawn, if the Ancient One is dead or not, I will take his holy beads from his neck and take up his raven-skulled walking stick and run for my life. But tonight I will sit and watch my world burn. I will watch my chief die. And in the morning, I will begin my hunt for revenge. *** /r/shoringupfragments 