
"I can't believe you've done this," Parker said as he stared at the monitor over my shoulder. It's only been three days since--in what I thought was a great act of charity--donated half of my extra lives. In all honesty, I can't even remember how I'd earned them in the first place. I had a vague recollection of walking down a street. An unmarked truck. The rest is obscured by a veil of vodka. "How could I have known?" I ran a hand through my hair, not wanting to believe the news on the screen. "When I donated those lives... I thought they'd be used for good, like helping firefighters." I mentally added police, the terminally ill, accident victims--people who could have benefited from an extra life or two. "Why would a firefighter need your extra lives? They already up enough on their own." Parker shook his head and whistled a note of derision. "Why on Earth did you do it as an auction though?" "I thought I could raise money for charity," I said, feeling foolish in retrospect. Hindsight is 20/20 and everything I had done since gaining my 700,000,000 extra lives was looking pretty shitty. "I even put a limit of two lives per user. I didn't think--" "Obviously they had fake accounts." Parker started pacing the room. "It says they haven't lost a single soldier. Their saying that without the threat of permanent death, their fighting more ruthlessly than they otherwise would have." A single nation state with an invincible army. When one soldier falls, they wake up in the place they last slept, safe and un-scarred. The worst part is that all the battlefield knowledge--what works and what doesn't, as well as what got them killed and how to prevent it next time--stays with them. Their deaths actually improve them. "Thank God they haven't used any nukes," Parker said. "They probably don't even have any." He gave me a look and I knew what was being left unsaid: *not yet*. "Right," I said and rose from my chair. "I guess I have no other option, do I?" "What are you going to do?" Parker blocked the way to the door. "I'm going to fight. I still have over a quarter of a million lives." I looked past him, to the door, beyond it, as if could already see the next couple of months. Years. The endless amount of deaths I'd endure. The killing I'd have to-- "You? Can't you just give your extra lives to the allied forces?" Parker shook his head. "You're just one person." "Exactly," I said. "I see now what happens when you give an army the chance to escape death. They become unstoppable. It's like a weapon--a big one--wielded by people who didn't earn it. That's why most people don't donate their lives. I see that now. The people who most deserve a second chance, are people who earn them in the first place." &nbsp; ** *** ** Over the years I have died over ten thousand times. The deaths were almost a daily occurrence for a while as I led the charges, pulled friends out of a hail of gunfire, made a blind step onto some hidden trap. Each time, the same thing: immense pain followed by waking in the bed I'd last slept in. It was like living in a game, and in the beginning I'd actually believed it was. Then, as my senses adapted, the deaths became less frequent. Months would pass in between using an extra life. I'd developed an additional sense, so acute that I could predict when a shot would be fired, where the enemy would be coming from, and how the slightest disturbance in the ground could signify a mine or punji sticks under a false canopy. I moved through the battle field like a ghost. Often I fought at night. Alone. I hunted across the enemy line as I realized the best way to defeat them--like a game--would be to camp at their spawn. Their barracks. After I crept in, and before I lay my knife into them, I'd rest beside them. A small nap. somewhere nearby but safe, to reset my save point. Then, I'd wake up ready to reclaim my those lives I'd so foolishly given away. 