
The sun beat down on the barren wasteland as a man emerged from an unmarked white van. He wore a long white cloak with the symbol of the Defender on his back--a large green shield with a red diamond in the middle. His hands shook as he stepped along the dry, cracked earth. "Give me strength," he mumbled. His hands shook. His knees wavered with every step. A hundred thoughts raced through his mind, but one repeated above all others: *he could not win*. A hundred yards away, an equally plain black van rolled to a stop. A hooded figure stepped out from the driver's seat, its head low as it moved. The crest on his shirt struck fear in the heart of the man in white--a silver sword across a cracked blue shield. The Aggressor. "You can do this, Steve," the man in white whispered to himself. "He doesn't know who you are. He's expecting a superhero. You can do this. Talk him down. You can--" The man in black stopped, pulling the hood from his face. Steve's eyes narrowed, his face twisted in confusion. That man was not the Aggressor. "Look," the man in black called out. "I know you've come expecting a battle for the ages, but there will be no fight today." Steve planted his feet in the dirt, unsure of how to proceed. So, he did the only thing he could think to do; he revealed himself. As he lowered his own hood, the man in black relaxed. "You're not the Defender," he said, his voice laced with shock and relief. "No, I'm not," Steve said. He approached the man, remaining cautious, and extended a hand. "I'm Steve." "Jerry," the man said. His handshake was limp and clammy. The two men stood in silence for a moment, taking in one another's appearance. Steve glanced behind the man at the van he'd arrived in. "That the c300?" "350," Jerry said. Steve laughed. "See, I knew the 350 was the better choice. I'm always telling the Defender it's all about comfort. No one wants to roll into a battle with a sore back because of an inferior seat design." "Oh, I completely agree," Jerry said with a nod. "The 300 isn't bad, but it's such a small price gap to the 350, it just makes more sense to upgrade." "That's exactly what I said! But you know the Defender, he's gotta be *so* economical!" Jerry laughed, relaxing his stance. "Nice cloak, by the way. I bet yours came from the same knock-off place at the mall that mine did." Steve rolled his eyes. "We go through one of these a month. You have any idea how much money they could save if they just spent *a little* more on something higher quality?" "Oh, I'm with you, all the way. Aggressor is always trying to cut corners. That death ray from last summer? Would've worked just fine if he bought the extra plutonium I suggested, but nooo, 'off brand will work just fine!'" "And Defender's wife probably wouldn't have been lost in that trap of yours two years ago if he'd upgraded his home security system, like *I* insisted! But of course, he's all, 'who needs sensors on *every* window, Steve, that's just a waste of money!'" He puffed his chest and did his best impression of the hero. "I *knew* that was too easy! Gah, will they *ever* listen? This feud would have been settled *years* ago if *we* were in charge." Jerry smiled, sweat rolling down his forehead. "Christ, it's hot out here. Could really go for some ice cream." Steve thought for a moment. "I know a place, down on third street--" "Bannermans?" "Hell yeah, Bannermans. Best ice cream in the tri state area. Wanna grab a cone?" "You know it! Hey, wanna drive the 350?" Jerry pulled the keys from his pocket and tossed them in the air. Steve caught them and laughed. "Hell *yes* I do." He walked passed his new friend, flooded with relief. He had been dreading this meeting, sure that he'd meet his end. How a superhero could possibly expect his sidekick to defeat the villain was beyond him. Thankfully, the Aggressor had the same idea. He walked towards the van, spinning the keyring around his finger. But before he reached it, he heard a familiar, chilling noise. A low, electric hum, increasing in pitch by the second. His heart sank. "Jerry--" "Sorry, Steve, you seem like a great guy and all, but I came here for a reason. I'm not going to fail." Steve spun around and saw the pistol pointed at him. "You don't have to do this, Jerry. We can quit. We don't need to be their slaves anymore. Let them fight their own battles, let them--" "Where is the Defender, anyway?" Steve furrowed his brow. "What?" "Where is he? This was supposed to be a showdown." His eyes were narrow, a fire burning behind them. "He's sick, flu or something," Steve said. He held his hands high in the air, looking for a way to escape. "Wait--where's Aggressor?" "Aggressor is dead," Jerry said. "I was tired of his ridiculous commands. He never respected me, or my ideas. He was a shit villain, and he needed to be replaced." "You--you *killed* him?" "And I'm going to kill the Defender, too. Sounds like he's as inept as Aggressor was. And now I know it. I just need to get you out of the way." In that moment, Steve realized his fate. There was no talking his way out of this one. He had to act fast, or-- The gun fired, and Steve felt a flash of white hot pain in his chest. His knees gave way and the world spun around him as he fell to the dirt. The clouds above him became a blur, and after a moment, a figure stood over him. "Sorry, Steve, but this is my town now." r/Ford9863 for more stuff by me. 