
John sat glumly in the waiting room of the ICU. It had been nearly three weeks since his daughter had been admitted, and no news other than: "She's stable and in a medically induced coma" had been supplied to him. One drunk driver was all it took to land both of them in the ICU. The car had hit the passenger side... Emily's side... and John had found himself back at the hospital again. The waiting room was strangely empty, yet John didn't mind. His thoughts were preoccupied elsewhere. His eyes started drooping and he felt the embrace of sleep surround him. He had been awake for almost a full day at this point and his medication was starting to kick in... a short nap wouldn't hurt. A light tap on his shoulder made him jerk upright in fright. In front of him was a doctor. Her pale blonde hair was almost translucent in the overhead lights, and her eyes were an astonishing blue. "Mr Chadwick?" John nodded, struggling to his feet. "How is she? How is Emily doing?" "Easy now, Mr Chadwick. Your body still hasn't recovered from the crash. Let's take a seat, shall we?" She motioned for him to sit. John rearranged the sling around his arm and sank back into his chair, feeling the pain in his side blossom once more. The doctor took the seat opposite him and flipped open a binder. "Now, I've been looking over your charts here and it seems like your cancer is in remission for the time being, is that correct?" "Look, doctor," John started. "I don't care about the cancer or my arm. I just want to know if my baby is gonna make it." The doctor stared at him for a second before lowering her gaze to the chart in front of her again. "The current unpaid cost of your treatments amount to $45,000. Your daughter's expenses are $15,000 and rising. Your medical insurance doesn't cover treatment for either of you -" " - Forget the cancer, damnit!" John interrupted. "I'll pay whatever it takes to fix my baby girl! Please..." A sob escaped his lips as he held back tears. "Ever since her mother passed... she's all I have left. She's only eight, I can't lose her too. Even if the cancer comes back, it won't matter if I don't have Emily. I'll pay anything if it meant she's safe and in my arms again." The doctor's eyes seemed to peer straight through John's soul, as if judging his entire life in the space of a mere instant. "If that is what you wish, I suppose I'll make an exception just this once." John was slightly taken aback by her statement. Her demeanour had changed and she was smiling at him now. She closed the binder with a snap and got back on her feet. "Not many people choose the lives of others over their own, Mr Chadwick. I'll waive the costs just this once. I would appreciate if this stays between the two of us." With a slight wink, the doctor tapped him on the shoulder again. John woke with a start, feeling the familiar pain bloom in his abdomen again. The waiting room was empty. Had he been dreaming? The clock on the wall indicated barely ten minutes had passed. He had to go check on Emily right away. He forced himself upright and limped down the hall to his daughter's room. A nurse at the end of the hall called out to him. "Sir, visiting hours are over! Sir!" John fumbled with the door handle and shouldered his way inside, ignoring the pain as the nurse rushed towards him. His heart jumped in his chest as he saw his daughter, sitting on the edge of the bed, connected to a plethora of machinery all beeping happily in the dark room. Her eyes met his and for a moment the world seemed to stop. "Daddy?" __________ This is my first ever submission. Hope you enjoyed it. 