
Galodir the Undying, Killer of Men, carrier of the Black Shield and supreme Lord over all five kingdoms of Calcot, looked at his messenger flatly. The boy, a squire, apparently had been running since the early dawn hours to reach Galodir's ageless glass throne, tempered in dragon flame in the wars of the first empire. The boy gulped down water, noisily, spilling it all over his tunic. "Do you have a message," the king of kings asked, "or do you intend to simply make a mess in my throne room?" The squire emptied his glass, then gasped, "I apologize, my lord, I was--" "I only want to hear your message." He nodded, surveying Galodir's throne room in admiration and awe for only a moment. His eyes caught on the tapestry on the far wall, a brutal death scene where Galodir, armed with his shield forged by the gods themselves, leapt from his magnificent stallion and gutted an enemy soldier in one single movement. He snapped his eyes away and stammered, "There's a boy, my lord. In Heafield. He has the mark of the Chosen One." Galodir rolled his eyes. "And?" The messenger faltered. "My lord, forgive me, but surely you know the legend. Surely you know this boy--" "Is fated to kill me, yes. Do not pretend to know more than me, peasant." The boy collapsed to his knees in pre-emptive apology. "I am not scared of some old wives' tale." "Some peasants are becoming... restless, my lord. There are rumors." Galodir, Crusher of Nations, waved that worry away. "We will calm everyone. There will be no animosity here. We shall raze no innocent farm towns over a myth. In fact, as a gesture of goodwill, I would like to extend a gift to ensure the family that all is well. What is the father's name?" "Josef Bowery, my lord." "Bowery." He nodded to the record-keeper who always stood by his side during such encounters with civilians. "Make note to give the Bowery family a twenty percent relief on their taxes for the next three months. Tell them it is a gesture of goodwill from their king." "Yes, my lord. Thank you, my lord." The messenger scuttled from the room, bowing the whole way. "Very noble of you," the record-keeper said with only a hint of sarcasm. Galodir shot him a sideways smile. The record-keeper knew the truth as well as he did: there would be no prophecy to uphold if no one believed in it. *** On the Bowery farm, young Isak was trying to find a good excuse to escape to the woods, to visit the odd hermit he had found in the wilds. He spoke of an ancient quest, a fate which Isak was born to fulfill. He had only heard half the story before he had to go back home, before he was late for supper. Isak tried to slip out the backdoor after breakfast. His mother was busy with his four-year-old sister and fussing baby brother. His father was out in the fields already, eating his oatmeal on the go, as he liked to do. Josef was not good at sitting down when there was work to do. Isak made it around the side of the house and froze, his belly dropping to his knees in horror. A troop of Imperial guards stood before the small Bowery farmhouse. They were armored and carrying sleek black sheaths which promised death. Isak ran to his father's side to warn him of what the hermit had said about the evils of Galodir. But when he reached his father, Josef was shaking hands with the man and weeping. "What did they do?" Isak cried, fierce. These men must have threatened his father hell to make him lose his composure. "What did you do to him?" "Isak, stop." Josef wiped at his eyes and Isak realized he was smiling. "We're going to be able to keep the farm. Our king is a good king." He turned to clutch the guard's hand, shaking it so hard the guard staggered. "Thank you, thank you. This has been a bitter season. You have no idea what this means to us." The Imperial guard clasped his hand over Josef's and said, "I will pass your message along to the King." And then he climbed back onto his horse and turned back down the road with his comrades. Isak stared at them uncomprehendingly. "But they're *evil!*" Josef smacked the back of his head. "Don't you dare talk about King Galodir in that way again, you little shit. That man saved our family. Because of him we will not be homeless at the end of the season." The chosen one suppressed an eyeroll. "Okay. Whatever. Sorry. Can I go into the woods?" He did not mention the hermit. "You won't have time to go into the woods til winter, boy. We have parsnips to harvest." Isak groaned and followed his father, out into the field. It would be another three hundred years until Galodir, who in that time achieved immortality, finally fell. And in three centuries the tax tricked worked, most of the time. *** /r/shoringupfragments 