
I stood over the creature's body, its blood still dripping from my mouth. The other prisoners in the mine had stopped moving; stopped *breathing,* even. "You- you just killed an *angel,*" said Daniel. There was no judgement in his voice - I don't think he had yet been able to process the act one way or another. He was simply stating a fact. "He's a fucking idiot, that's going to get us all sent down to the isolation chambers," said Rufus. "Why'd you do it, Markus?" asked Sarah. Her blue eyes were damp, and she was staring at me as if I was a stranger. "Why?" I spat, pulling off my shirt and turning around to show her the fresh red lines running down my back. "That's why. And you guys have had it worse than me." "We're in *Hell,* Markus," she retorted. "And it could be worse still - it probably soon *will be*, because of what you've done." "Do we deserve this?" I asked. "Any of us?" "We were judged. This is our sentence, and there's nothing we can do about that." I looked down at the angel's body; the expanding pool of blood was dying the creature's wings a dark crimson. "You're wrong. We don't deserve this. I was sent here for killing a man - but he wasn't a good man." "I know what he did to your daughter. He's in a worse place than us, now." "But I'm here regardless! That's not justice." A rat scuttled up to the angel's body and began gnawing at its earlobe. "Does that rat deserve to be here? Sure, he's ugly and he probably spread diseases that killed a bunch of people. But he's a fucking *rat* - he did what rats do." I turned to Daniel and Rufus. "We all did what we had to do. It was human nature - God made us this way, but we get sent here for it? An eternity of slavery for a moment of justice?" "He's right," said Daniel. "My pa was dying anyway. He couldn't move a single muscle in his body. So, I helped put him out of his misery. But take a life in any manner, and they take much more than that from you. That ain't right." "Sarah," I said. "You were a doctor. You helped so many people - you *saved* lives. But you're sent here because desperate people came to you seeking an abortion? Do you think that's justice?" A voice boomed down the tunnel. "Back to wor-" it said, cutting off mid sentence. The second angel had seen the body of its brethren lying on the floor. He lowered his head in prayer and pressed his palms together. "He's summoning more!" I yelled, already charging toward it. The angel saw me and took his whip from his side; I felt an agonising pain, like a thousand wasps stinging the right side of my face. I fell to the ground, clutching my eye, while warm blood trickled out between my fingers. "I'm going to enjoy this," he said, as he slowly approached me. He pulled his whip back; I tensed up, closing my eyes and waiting for the pain to hit. But, it didn't come. Sarah and Daniel were on the angel, trying to wrestle it to the ground. It shrugged Sarah off its back and closed a hand around Daniel's neck. "You insolent fool," it said, its voice trembling in rage. "Plea-" Daniel choked, his face turning blue and his eyes bulging under the pressure. I saw the angel's lips curl into a sadistic smile; *it* didn't see the rock come down on its head. Its arm fell limp and Daniel collapsed to the floor, closely followed by the angel. "Shit," said Rufus, still holding the blood stained chunk of marble in his hands. "I guess we're really doing this." "There will be more of them soon," said Sarah, helping Daniel up. "Their retribution will be terrible." "I know," I replied, getting back to my feet. "So, what's the plan?" Rufus asked. "We need help." "No shit," said Rufus. "Do we try to get the rest of the miners on our side? Start from there?" Sarah suggested. "One of us does that," I agreed. "Daniel's the fastest, he can spread word of the rebellion around the mine." "What about us?" "Even with all the slaves in Hell free and on our side, this is a war we cannot win," I said. "Then what the fuc-" "What I mean," I cut in, "is that we are going to need help." "What kind of help?" "A help that has been imprisoned for so many aeons, that people have forgotten she ever existed. We're going to free the Devil." --- Sorry guys, I went to bed after posting this. If you liked this, I do have a very similar series (in tone and plot) completed on my sub: https://www.reddit.com/r/nickofnight/comments/6iiqlb/the_army_of_death_part_one/?utm_content=title&utm_medium=hot&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=nickofnight I'll look at doing a part 2 of this when I get a chance. 