
Taya was a normal 6-year-old girl in almost every respect. She loved playing with Barbies; she loved watching Paw Patrol whenever I would let her rot her brain in front of the TV; and she loved tormenting the dog, Aby. There was just one little aspect of Taya that wasn't... quite so normal. Before she could even speak, her baby-babble was the strangest thing I'd ever heard. It was like if you took baby-babble, put it on a record, and played it backwards. Honestly, it was creepy as hell. To make it even weirder, she would always look to one side when she did it, and then pause as if she was listening to something. Her mom had shrugged it off and said that Taya would outgrow it when she started speaking. All babies are different, and all have their quirks, she had said. But Taya didn't outgrow it. One time shortly after her fourth birthday, she had launched into what seemed like a long, angry tirade in the strange babble. All the while she had looked to the side as if she was speaking to her shoulder, just like she had ever since she was a baby. I had inquired what was wrong, and her reply was burned forever into my memory. I can still see the tears building in her eyes as she told me, "Daddy, they said they're going to come take me away soon." "Who? Who's going to take you away?" I had replied, bewildered. That was when she had said it. Those two words: "The Aliens". It was the first and last time she ever spoke of them. Ever since then, I had wondered if I had made a mistake when I responded to her by telling her there were no such thing as Aliens. Nobody was going to take her away. Everything would be OK. By dismissing her concerns rather than validating them - even though I was trying to be comforting - I had pushed her away. From then on, she no longer did the weird babble in front of me. But every once in awhile I would catch her doing it when she thought I couldn't hear her. I desperately wished her mom had still been around to see that Taya had never outgrown the babble. She would know exactly what to say to break through to our little girl and help her. Over the last few weeks the babble had suddenly been increasing. Every time Taya was at home, she would sneak off to her room and I would hear her speaking the babble with distress in her voice, sometimes even yelling. But if I tried to talk to her, comfort her, hug her, anything at all, she would shut down and stop responding to me. One evening, I sat on the couch pondering all of this. If only I could go back in time to that day 2 years before and really listen to my little girl. If I had kept that line of communication open, instead of shutting it down, maybe I could help her. If only I could go back even further and save her mother. Tears threatened to well up in my eyes as I thought about that amazing woman, and how much I missed her. I knew that the empty hole in our hearts would never be filled. Taya needed her mother, not me. I couldn't do this alone. Suddenly, a scream from Taya's room pierced the overwhelming gloom that clouded my thoughts. Before I even had time to register what was happening, I was on my feet and sprinting to her room. The dog was close on my heels. I burst through the door, and there was Taya, standing in the middle of the room, tears streaming down her face. I scooped her up into my arms, and before I could even try and ask her what was wrong, suddenly sirens split the air all around the house. Aby started barking wildly. Still holding Taya, I stepped over to the window to look outside and see what was going on. I drew back the curtains just in time to see a man dressed in a black suit and white shirt step out of an SUV that had screeched to a stop in the middle of my lawn; ripping the grass up and spraying dirt everywhere. The man reached back into the SUV and pulled out a megaphone. He fiddled with the knob, then held it to his mouth. "Ambassador Taya. It's time." His voice boomed. My jaw dropped as I looked from this man invading my lawn, to my sweet little girl, tears still streaming down her face. "What... what is he talking about? Ambassador? Are you even old enough to know what an Ambassador is?" Taya squirmed for me to put her down. I reluctantly did so. She stood staring at the floor for a few moments, and then she slowly looked up into my eyes. The tears had stopped. "Daddy... There's something I need to tell you about Mommy." -------------------- Edit: [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/c3d1cd/wp_your_daughter_has_always_had_imaginary_alien/erruh0d?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x) is up. Also, just want to thank everyone for the upvotes and the requests for a continuation of the story. I'm new to /r/WritingPrompts (and to sharing my writing in general), so to have people actually wanting to read more is a pretty cool feeling. Thanks all! 