
"Meagan..." Tim took a deep breath. He'd never confessed to anyone that he'd been stuck in a loop. Not since the first week, when he thought he was losing his mind. "Yes?" Meagan asked from across the couch. Her green eyes sparkled, they always seemed to do that. Over countless days, he'd done everything. He'd learned how to play the guitar, speak French, read all the books in his local library. Tim had talked a local dance instructor to take him from a fumbling novice to a confident expert. For a while he tried working out, but everything reset in the morning, so he stopped. He'd done everything, figured out everything he needed to do and say for all kinds of situations. He knew where to stand to block a stone from seriously wounding old lady Garvis. Tim could say the exact right things to get the man at the bank to let him inside the vault and play with the money. That had taken months. Now he was sitting here with Meagan. He'd made an ass out of himself so many times. He could still feel the phantom slaps of previous time loops. What stung worse was the memory of who he'd been. He wasn't the same person as when the time loops began. His pursuits had turned from silly pleasure to bettering himself. To helping others. "I have to tell you something, and you're going to think I'm crazy." "Okay..." she gave him a frown that was half-smile. A look that told him that she already thought he was nuts. "I've been stuck in a time loop." He watched as her eyebrow shot up. "Right, I know. You think I'm bonkers. But I can prove it. Last night... the last loop I was in, I asked you to tell me something that I couldn't possibly know. After some arm twisting, you told me about how you broke your arm when you were seven and your dad, who'd always been too busy for work, spent an entire week hanging out with you. You said that he felt guilty as he was supposed to be watching you, but was instead glued to his work computer." Meagan's jaw dropped. Her eyes began to shimmer. "You said it was one of the best weeks of your life because he had a heart attack not to long--" She placed a hand on his chest. "I... how do you know that?" He took her hands and helped her off her end of the couch. Together they waltzed across the room. "When the loops started, I would have been stomping all over your feet." He twirled her. "Mais plus maintenant. Je parle aussi francais." He pulled her close. "Je t'aime." "What was that?" She laughed. "I just wanted you to know. Tomorrow you'll go back to not knowing me, like all the days before, and I just wanted you to know..." He tried to force the words out. They were so much easier in French--a language he figured she didn't know. "It's okay," she said and rested her head on his shoulder. "I believe you." "You do?" "I guess I'm crazy too. How else could you have known about my broken arm." She whispered up to him, "I took French in high school you know." &nbsp; ** *** ** The next morning Tim woke up in a different room than all the mornings before. His heart thudded in his chest. He looked over and found Meagan asleep. They'd danced and then talked until they'd fallen asleep on the couch. His neck ached from lying against the armrest all night. The realization that it was over, no more loops, it was like a giant weight off his shoulders. There would be new days ahead of him. Calm washed over him. Just as he was about to close his eyes and try and drift off, she opened her eyes. "Morning," she said in a creaky morning voice. Meagan bolted up. "I thought you said you were in a loop." "I was." He ran a hand through his hair and laughed. "I guess it's over now. Maybe it was all a test and I had to find love or something." She rolled her eyes. "Right..." She yawned. "Hey, you want some coffee?" "Sure," he said and stretched. "Good, will you go make it?" She grinned at him and he smiled back. As he headed to her kitchen, Meagan settled back on the couch and pulled out her phone. "I like mine with a splash of milk." Soon the coffee machine was spluttering and spitting out coffee into the pot. "Tim!" Meagan's eyes went wide. The glow from her phone illuminated her face. "Were you the only person in the loop?" "As far as I know." He walked over. Something felt wrong. She angled her phone toward him. His stomach dropped as he read the headline. *Madman Murders Entire Town, Claims To Have Been Stuck In Time Loop.* His hands shook as he took the phone. Tim knew the town. It was only ten minutes away. He knew that the entire world had reset each loop. He'd watched the same news programs day after day. Had this man been aware of the loop this entire time? Had it driven him mad? Had Tim waited too long? "How could just *one* man kill an entire town?" Meagan asked. Tim knew how. It was they way he'd mastered all his skills over the loops. Practice. A lot of practice. &nbsp; **** If you've been stuck in a loop and are starting to feel the itch of madness, why not cool down at /r/StevenLee ? 