
I didn't get it. There it was plain as day. I had died only 2 minutes after I was born. It didn't make any sense. All of the other names I looked up were correct, all the way back through history. In multiple languages too, most of which I had no chance of reading. I'll have to ask my mother about it. I know we have never been close, her and I. She likes to shut me out and give me the silent treatment. It's why I spend most of my time in my room. I don't mind it at all really, I like the privacy. Ha, except the one time when she came in to clean my room just after I had finished showering. Scared the crap out of me. She didn't even once look in my direction though, just came in to dust the windowsill and left. I wish I had some friends to talk to about it though, or even to show them this book. They would find it amazing. I haven't had much luck making friends though, I guess I'm just too shy. I've tried to talk to people when I hear them talking about video games or football, but they just ignore me and keep talking. Maybe it's because I do so well in school. I've never once been into trouble, for anything at all. Maybe if I was more of a rebel. But I wouldn't want to jeopardise my marks. I put the book back where I found it, and leave the restricted area of the library. Thinking more about it, it's definitely a mistake. It must have just been a registry of death notices, and they got mine mixed up with someone else's. I can relax, that's gotta be the explanation. I finally arrive home. "Mum! Dad! I'm home!" I yell, to give them peace of mind. My father comes out to close the door behind me. I must have forgotten again. "It's the damn door again," he mutters. "Sorry!" I apologise, "I'll remember next time!" He stomps off back to the living room to continue reading the paper. I head into the kitchen. "Hi Mom!" She has that far away look in her eyes again, staring out of the kitchen window. I hug her from behind and accidentally startle her. She drops the plate she's holding onto the floor where it smashes into a hundred shards. "Oh not again," my dad gruffly says as he walks into the kitchen. "I thought we had talked about this." "Oh, I'm sorry, I'll clean it up!" I say as I run off to get the dustpan and broom. As I get back to the kitchen, I see that my mother has already started sweeping up the shards of crockery. My parents are having another argument again. I quietly slip off to my room. Suddenly my father barges into the room, throwing a cloud of dust into the air as he opens the door. I cough as the particles irritate my throat. "Is this normal?" he shouts at my mother, gesturing in my direction. "No, I guess not," my mother replies, looking shamefully at the ground. "Hey, that's not a nice thing to say!" I shout back at my father. My father faces back towards my mother and quietly says "It's okay. I know it's not your fault. We'll just go back to the doctors and they'll do some more tests." My mother nods. I feel sorry for my poor mother. As long as I can remember she's always had trouble. She drops objects, quite often when I go to hug her or hold her hand. When I'm talking sometimes she'll get a far off look in her eyes, like she's distracted by something. I remember at night, when I was barely five years old, I would creep into my parents room, get under the covers and hug her tightly. She was always so shivery though. Hopefully the doctors can find out what's wrong with her, and why she gets so sick all the time. Well, I better do my homework and head to bed. Tomorrow is another day after all. There's meant to be a test tomorrow, and I hope if I do well enough, my father will finally be proud of me. He might even stop pretending I don't exist, wouldn't that be something. 