
*There it is.* The death of a large star caught in stasis near its final moments. I accelerated, propelling myself through the explosion of chromatic hues, the tempestuous storm of nebula and dust frozen in mid-flight. I sweep my hands in front of me like a swimmer, displacing the violet and azure clouds. It was a silly thing to do. There was simply far too much dust, but it gave me a good chuckle as I continued farther, deeper into the eye of the supernova. I was virtually blind going in, but that didn't matter. The HUD of my visor provided me the necessary directions. And so, I swam with my only companion. The sound of the dying universe, a deafening silence. I swam for what felt like forever. But everything felt like forever. Because there was no time. No change. Every moment, unless perceived by me, was an eternity here. The indicator on my HUD began to flash frantically. *Almost there.* Suddenly, I emerge from the cloud of dust into darkness, the feeling of dust brushing softly against my suit gone. There was no light in front of me, only absolute darkness. I was starring at the birth of a black hole, frozen in timeless stasis. It had run out of time. I checked my HUD. So straight forward it is. I accelerated forward towards the edge of the black hole. *Ha. Found it.* A few paces away, an iridescent crystal small enough to fit in the palm of my hand. Trapped inside it was *Time.* How much Time exactly? I wasn't sure, but there was one thing I was sure of. It had enough energy to fuel the *next* moments of the supernova I was inside of. My heart raced, as I wrapped my hands gently around the shimmering crystal. Prismatic lights spilled though the gaps between my hands as I guided the crystal into a capsule. I breathed deeply, relieved. I had just secured my future. Then I noticed it. On my HUD, there was a flashing orange light, with tiny text underneath it. It read, '*Unknown Object*'. *Huh...* It could have been anything, an asteroid that has run astray, a heavy cluster of dark particles, I couldn't have guessed. But it was definitely not a Time Crystal. I turned around, and saw the trail of scattered dust that I had left behind. I accelerated towards the 'Unknown Object'. I didn't know why I did it. I guessed curiosity had prevailed. Before long, I reached the 'Unknown Object'. It was a ship. Ancient. It looked like the ones I saw in the Archives. It was bulky, large and inefficient. As I drew closer, I saw him a short distance away from his ship. The pilot of the ship was frozen in mid-flight with his arms outstretched in front of him, reaching for something. I approached him, then checked his suit. I reached into a compartment on my suit, and extracted a capsule, then slotted it in to his suit. He breathed heavily, "W-what?!" He looked around him bewilderingly, then set his eyes on me. "H-how? I thought that I had run out of Time!" "You did," I answered him through the intercom that I had set up between us. He took a moment before, widening his eyes in comprehension. "You gave me your time?!" "Yep." The man paused for a moment. "Why?" I laughed. "Guess, I shouldn't have?" "No, I'm very grateful for what you did but... I probably wouldn't have done the same for you." "Hm. At least you're honest. What's your name? Where did you come from?" "I'm Kai," he reached out for a handshake. I shook his hand. "Iris," I said. "I'm from Ark-17 the seventeenth planetary ship of earth, Echo squad, Unit E-78. You?" My eyes went wide. "W-what? You know Ark-17?" "I know *of* it," I said. "Do you know what happened-" "Yea. They're frozen, out of time. All of the Arks from Earth actually." Kai trembled, tears streaming from his eyes. "No... It can't be. H-how do you know?" "Because that was countless thousands years ago, Kai. Ancient history. I learned it in class on Xia. The last remaining planetary ship of *humanity.*" "Xia? How many people inhabit Xia?" Kai asked. I turned and peered through the explosion of nebula and dust. "Just me... for now." Kai was silent. Then he finally asked. "How much time did you give me Iris?" "Enough," I said simply. He frowned, then began tapping inputs on a display on his wrist. "What the fuck? Is this thing broken?" Kai began tapping more inputs furiously. "Its not broken Kai. The number is right." Kai stopped breathing. He looked up at me. "This... amount of Time... Its enough to fuel all of the Arks of earth combined!" My eyebrows rose in astonishment. "Really? I hadn't expected it to be *that* much. I guess you should get going then Kai. You've got a lot of people to save." "Hold on. What about you Iris? How could you be fine with giving me this much? "It's fine. It was yours anyway. You ran out of time before you could reach it," I pointed behind me with my thumb. Realization dawned on his face. "And you? How much Time do you have left?" he asked. "Enough." Kai frowned, not satisfied from my answer. "Iris tell me the truth." I checked my HUD. "One-hundred and three years." "Oh." "Alright Kai, I have to return to my ship now. I wish you luck on your journey." Kai was silent as he watched me intently. I turned away and started accelerating towards the trail of displaced nebula and dust. I checked my HUD. I had less than a minute of Time left. *Well shit. I guess this is it.* The last thing I heard was Kai's voice through the intercom. "**I'll come back for you Iris**!" ------- /r/em_pathy 