
"Is this Jerry?" I asked, my heart still pounding from the chase. "Yeah, who the hell is this?" Jerry said. He still sounded like the mean prick he was back at Haven High. "This is Bill..." I said. Ugh, this is so stupid, he's not going to remember me. Plus, there's no way he's going to keep some old promise he made to someone he hasn't spoken to in 20 years. "I'm prepared to fulfill my end of our deal, Bill. What is it you need?" I couldn't believe what I just heard. I almost laughed, honestly. Why did he say it so formally, and why did he say it like he's been somehow been expecting this call all these years? "Uh," I stammered. "I didn't actually expect you to remember me." "Look, Bill," Jerry said sternly. "You didn't call to catch up. You're in a bind, I'm here to help. Just spit it out." Man, Jerry really never managed to stop being a dick... Though his rude demeanor did make me asking for this favor far more simple. "Alright, I'll cut to the chase. I got in over my head with Ricky Hanzo, and I'm sort of on the run." There was a long silence on the other end of the line. I wondered what could he be thinking, or better yet, what could I honestly expect my old high school bully to do about this. "You really screwed the pooch," Jerry said, no hint of humor in his voice. He let out a quick sigh. "I'll handle it. Just stay by the phone." He'll handle it? Stay by the phone? "Jerry, c'mon man. I don't even know why I'm calling you, but if you can't help just say so and I'll figure it out." I said. "You called me cause you've colossally fucked up, and you're so desperate you called a twenty year old number on a pay phone hoping against all odds I'd pick up. Shut up, stop panicking, and stay by the phone." The line went dead. I felt like, even with the past two days, this was the most surreal moment of all of it. I've walked into my apartment to find my fiance with a bullet hole in her head, my parents' house burned to the ground, and half of a town I've never been in looking for me; and yet it was this phone call with the all-to-sure voice of Jerry that seemed the most insane. Truth be told I don't know how Jerry even knows who Ricky Hanzo is, I mean yeah he's a famous underground figure but how would Jerry know about him? And even if he did know of the name, what could he possibly be doing to help me in this situation? I mean honestly, I need to get the hell out of here and waiting by a pay phone for some guy who can't do a thing for me seems too insane even fo- *ring* *ring* It couldn't actually be Jerry, right? *ring* My hand reached for the phone shakily, and when I finally grasped the cold handle I slowly brought it to my ear. For a moment I expected to hear the Devil on the other end of the line. "H-hello?" "I don't know how you know that man," a strange but familiar voice spoke. "Guess it doesn't matter, but I've called off your debt. Sorry for your fiance, and I'll be sending you reimbursement cash for the house I had burned down. Also, he wanted me to tell you, the twenty year old debt has been paid in full. Also, he wanted me to tell you the next time he see's you, he's going to show you his new Atomic Wedgie technique he's been working on since Haven, whatever that means." *click* What in the world just happened? As I recalled the phone conversation I just had, the voice became clear. That was Hanzo... And I think he just said I'm off the hook..? That couldn't be possible though, could it? I kept recalling the conversation over and over in my head as I held the handle of the payphone, the ominous dead tone playing in the background. "CALAMITY WEDGIE!" A voice screamed from behind me before I felt my feet leave the ground. The pain that followed as I felt my testicles smash against fabric while simultaneously my butthole being torn asunder by the very same fabric was nigh indescribable. I looked around desperately through tear-filled eyes for my attacker. I couldn't make out his blurry face. "Dude, I've missed you," Jerry's voice said joyously. "So glad you called me, you little bitch. Let's go grab a beer! We have so much to catch up on!" 