
The Krotons sent the declaration of war a year in advance - as per the galaxy's rules - but due to time dilation it arrived just less than a day before their attack. No doubt this was an intentional move by them, but it wasn't like anyone was going to complain about another code 2 civ getting colonized anyway. So sure, it was a dirty move, but they didn't expect that they'd be running into the damned dirtiest civ in the galaxy. Humans may be awfully primitive - from what we've seen, they've barely visited their own moon - but fuck me, can they fight dirty. Makes sense when you find out that they've been fighting each other since they fell out the goddamn tree. See, humans are the only 'intelligent' species we've encountered that actually fight *each other*. All other civs (us included), they all work together. They never fight or kill their own kind. I mean, it makes sense - they're all the same damned species. They only really go to 'war' when it's to colonize some poor planet too weak to fight back. It's sad, sure - but why else would they do it? What's the sense in war if you're not assured of victory? But humans, maybe they never realised that. Hell, maybe they knew it all along, preparing for something like this by doing their damned best to kill each other from day 1. We've looked into their history and let me tell you, it is fucking appalling. Impressive, sure - but gut-wrenchingly sickening. How they've survived so long, nobody can figure it out. Nobody wants to look into it, cause then they'd have to look at the all traumatic shit they've done to their own kind. So of course, the Krotons were going into this expecting more of the same. Some resistance, sure, but nothing they hadn't encountered before. And no doubt, they had the better space tech by a long shot - and really, I mean outclassed in every way. But these humans... they had goddamn *nukes*. Yes, fucking *hydrogen bombs*, the crazy fuckers. Apparently they had been using them *on each other* a bit before the Krotons arrived, and sweet fuck, were they ever so happy to use them on the Krotons instead. Positively fucking *gleeful*. No other civ had the absolutely immense stupidity to make something like that. Theorized, sure, even some unfortunate events on the path to fission, but never anything intentional. It was simply unthinkable. How the hell were you going to conquer a planet by destroying it completely? Or destroying each other? Their planet was still dripping in radiation, not like it stopped them. So yea, the Krotons came expecting a fair fight - fair for *them*, of course - and got a face full of hydrogen bomb. Every last ship obliterated in no time at all. Invasion over. Humans 1, Krotons 0. Lost a queen on their main ship, I'm told. But it doesn't stop there. The humans, insatiable as they are, recovered every last bit of tech they could find and stripped the hell out of it. They constructed a hyperspace channel in less than a year, and it looks like they'll be leaving the solar system shortly. And, well, they're goddamn *pissed*. So let me reiterate - this is not a simple report of the findings. This is a warning. Ready every weapon you've got, and get ready for a fucking nightmare. *The humans are coming.* -- END OF AUDIO TRANSCRIPTION ***** ***** If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 