
The apartment building had been condemned since before Carl had been recruited. However, this was the first time *he* had felt condemned whilst walking through it. Paint hung off the hallway walls in crusty waves and the foul scent of sewage lingered in the air. He was sick of this place. Sick of his job - of making people unhappy. So what if Fortuna *retired* him? At least he'd finally done something worthwhile with his existence. Could she say the same? He thought of the girl's eyes, and how they'd glistened like dewy wildflowers in the morning sun at the sight of the wish he'd brought into existence. Just those eyes - they would be worth his demise a hundred times over. *But all the same...* Carl dragged his feet across tired, chewed carpets, like a man on his way to death row. He passed a toothless hobo wrapped up in a rug, an empty bottle by his side; a comatosed caterpillar asleep in its cocoon, hoping to wake to a miracle. It wouldn't come. *Real* miracles rarely did. He was careful on the stairs, and as usual, walked on the edges - less likely to fall through that way. Fortuna would retire him - he was certain. He'd always been her least favourite. Much sooner than he would have liked, the corridor ended and the black door of room two-one-two confronted him. He took a deep breath and twisted the handle. "Welcome, Carl," came the angelic voice of Fortuna, as the door sighed open. "Hey, boss," said Carl, taking off his fedora and holding it by his stomach. He walked into the center of the empty room; wooden boards creaked under his feet. Above him, there was no roof or ceiling. There was just the black abyss where *she* resided. Chords of light slowly sprinkled down from the black, surrounding Carl. They thickened into ribbons of flame, imprisoning him. "Do you know why I have summoned you?" asked the sprightly voice. It sounded joyous, but Carl knew better. "I have an idea..." "Repeat the child's wish. What did she wish for, Carl?" "Ah, it was pretty standard stuff, really," said Carl, scratching his greasy hair. "I don't want to bore you." "**Tell me the wish,**" Fortuna roared, pretences disposed of. Carl's mac flapped in a violent gust, the windows rattled and his hat was stolen from his hand. He swallowed hard. "She wished... she wished that her mom was still alive." "Thank you, Carl," said the voice, slowly softening. "And, how did you manipulate the wish?" "I uh, I *didn't*. What I mean is," he added hurriedly, an idea blossoming in his mind, "there wasn't any *need* to manipulate it." "This is not why I saved you, Carl. This is not why I plucked you from the chasm and staved eternal pain from your soul. We have a duty, Carl. *You* had a duty." Carl shuffled uncomfortably, but said nothing. "Do you know *why* we spite their wishes?" "Sure," Carl began, rolling his eyes and getting ready to recite the mantra. "Without us, humanity would believe in miracles. They would become optimistic in a way that would result in their eventual destruction. Thanks to us, they will believe in nothing. Thanks to us, they prepare for the worst. Thanks to us, they will be saved - when the day comes." "That's right, Carl. What you have done, by making this little girl's wish come true in such a manner, is release a cancer of optimism that will eat through the negativity of humanity. They will believe in miracles, Carl. They will not be prepared." "It's not like that, boss." "No?" "No, not at all! Say, did you ever have a mother, Fortuna?" "You know I did not, Carl, although I have many children. " "Well, I had one - and let me tell you, it wasn't a very pleasant experience." "*Oh?*" said Fortuna with a hint of amusement. "Yeah. It was my mother's constant belittling - her constant lack of faith in her son - that made me believe in *myself*. It made me realise I couldn't rely on anyone, not even *family*, for help or support. If she hadn't been there, who knows how optimistic I'd have become? How reliant on other people - on *miracles*. It was thanks to *her* that I strove for something better. That I *did* something better." "To spite her?" "To *prove to myself* that I was better than her. Than she believed I was capable of." "That's very brave of you, Carl." "It is what it is." "So," continued Fortuna, "you think that this child's mother-" "I think that in a few years," Carl lied, "that girl's going to wish she'd *never* wished her mother back to life." The circlet of gold around Carl began to flicker, as Fortuna loosened her grip. "Mothers," Carl said, as he tried to blink back tears, "are a necessary force in the world. Sure, the good ones might read the occasional bed-time story to their child. They might look after you when you're sick - stroke your hair and make you chicken soup. Hell, they might pretend to be your best friend - but really, they keep their children grounded and realistic. What I did, was *curse* that girl." He firmly nodded his affirmation and wiped an arm across his eyes. "This room really needs dusting, Fortuna." The prison of light faded to motes of gold, and then to nothing. "You may go, Carl," came the voice of Fortuna. "But I will be keeping an eye on you. What we do, we do for them - for our children. Even if it's not always easy." Carl took a deep breath, walked to his hat and bent down to pick it up. "Carl." "Yeah, boss?" "We do it because we love them." "Yeah," he said as he opened the apartment door and stepped through. "I know." 