
"Strange." Said the professor as he looked over the new student enrolling in his class. "I thought all the Qxi had died out long ago..." "Uh... No, sir, there are still a few of us." Said Bob. The professor took the stylus like object into one of his 14 hands and started to tap it on what Bob assumed was his lips. He looked over Bob the Qxi very carefully, studying him for what felt to Bob like forever. "Very well, find a position conducive to learning in the blue colored zone." "Yes professor" "Make sure it's the blue colored zone not the blue colored zone." The professor said. "The blue colored zone is safe for your species, but the blue colored zone has species that exhale poisonous gases." "Yes profe..." Bob trailed off. Sheer panic set in as his gaze turned towards the student seating section, every zone was blue. Was this a cruel joke, did they know he was a spy and they were toying with him? No, he thought. The initial psycho analysis of the species that ran this campus didn't point to that type of behavior. No, this was something else, something to do with the way the species he was masquerading as would have perceived the color blue. He had an idea, a gambit for sure, but it was his only chance. "Professor?" Bob said in a demurative manner. "What?" The professor said in a perturbed manner as he turned his gaze back unto Bob the Qxi. "I'm colorblind" said Bob. "Oh" said the professor. The professor made a quick signal with one of his hands and a small line of lights lit up below Bob's feet leading to an empty chair. Bob thanked the professor and moved to his seat. Bob situated himself and started to gather in his surroundings. "Not that impressive" he thought to himself. The room seemed to be less than 3000 square feet. Shaped like a slice of pizza with a bite taken out of the bottom. Auditorium style, with an assortment of different styled seating arrangements for the different variety of species that attended this university. As Bob gazed around the room he started to notice these strangely shimmering angles in the air. "Forcefields, that was how they housed all these species in the same room" Bob thought to himself. The last students were filling the classroom. The professor made a swift movement with three of his hands and the lights quickly dimmed in the classroom. A small stream of light erupted from the back wall, spilling an image onto the screen behind the professor. There was a murmur among the student's, some of the noises being made sounded like gasps. One of the students jumped out of their seat and ran out of the classroom, leaving a trail of viscous grey fluid behind them. "I'll warn you all that this class is not for those with weak digestive systems" said the professor in an ominous manner. Bob stared at the image on the screen, perplexed. He looked around at the different looks of horror and disgust on the student's faces. He looked back at the screen with confusion. "Why was there an old meme on the board" Bob thought. Why, it had to be over a hundred years old. Then it hit him, all that time they had spent on his disguise, his camouflage they called it. All superfluous. He couldn't help himself, the absurdity of it all was too much. He erred in the biggest way possible, the one thing he could never do. He laughed, and once he started he couldn't stop, he knew he needed to, but that made it worse, made him laugh harder. He knew it was over, he knew they would find out, and all the horrors that came along with that revelation would soon be here. When he finally gained his composure he became aware that every eye in the room was trained on him. "Would you like to let us in on the joke, Bob the Qxi?" Said the professor. "Fuck it" Bob thought to himself. He immediately stood up and placed two fingers under his mask, pushing the quick release hidden in a fold between the mask and his suit. The disguise slithered off, exposing his naked body to the class. "THAT'S NOT A HUMAN BEING!" Bob shouted as he pointed to the board. "THIS IS A HUMAN BEING" Bob pointed to himself. Bob was breathing heavily, scanning the room, wondering where security would come from to take him away. Everyone was starring at him with.. bemusement? Embarrassment? It was hard to tell. "And praytell, Bob the Qxi, if this is not a human being, what is it?" Said the professor with an air of bored superiority mixed with annoyance. "It's a Dickbutt" said Bob in a matter of fact way. The professor let out a small sigh... or a chuckle, or maybe both. He stood up and started a slow clap with all hands in unison. Seven golf claps simultaneously as he looked at Bob the Qxi. "Glad to see we've identified the class clown, Bob the 'human'. Now, I have to say I'm rather impressed with your dedication to your craft, Bob the 'human, but next time you're going to pull a prank in my class, please don't shed your skin in front of the other students. There are many different species with many different backgrounds. Remember your micro-aggression training from orientation before you act out in this manner again, Bob the 'human'. Do you understand?" "Uh... yes" Bob said as he took his seat, naked and bemused. The professor began his lesson and Bob the 'human' pulled up the text book on the tablet built into his desk, flipped to chapter one, and began to learn all about the anatomy of a Dickbutt. The end. 