
It was a bleary Saturday night. Most people spend them with friends, laughing and playing games, but I'd worked late testing a weekend deployment. On my way home, there were few cars, which always makes a drive more pleasant for me. After a few minutes on the highway, a red Volvo approached on my right, swerving a little. I looked at it in my rear-view mirror and felt that tingle set in, like a prickly shiver. Acting quickly, I cut him off with a light tap of the horn, and he angrily honked back at me. I'm used to the sound. As they always do, he merged left to pass me, albeit a bit jarringly. He blazed past, engine roaring, then cut in front again. I felt another shiver. I sped up, far too fast, and cut him off once more, earning another horn blare that held for multiple seconds. He swerved around me, and I glanced at his car, dim in the dark stretch of unlit road. The tingle returned, again, more like the pricking pain of a leg that's been asleep too long. And another, different still. *How?* He held to my left as we raced but pulled ahead, nearly hitting the median with a swerve. There was a car up ahead, and I felt another, much more painful prickle, like I'd been wrapped in needles. As we came over the bridge, for just a brief moment, I saw him through the passenger window. It's hard to say, but... he looked to be holding something in one hand. A bottle, maybe. And with one slick motion, he swerved across the gap in front of me, ramming into the other car on the road and destroying the steel railing like it was made of tin foil. The second car, a white minivan, rolled like tumbleweed across the highway, tossing bits and pieces of warped metal. I slammed my brakes, pulling off to the shoulder, and peered frantically over the edge. There was a whirlpool of turbulent foam, violent bubbling, and I could just barely make out the distorted glow of red taillights. Back on the highway, the shrapnel was scattered in a trail leading up to the crumpled, smoking remnants of the car that had been hit. I'd gotten so used to saving people that I didn't know what failure felt like. It felt like I was the one who had been smashed and strewn across the road-- only I survived, unlike the family of four he hit. Was it my fault? Did my trying to stop him cause a worse accident than if I'd let him drive into a ditch somewhere? I don't know. But ever since then, I've done my damndest to move past it and save as many as I can. Maybe I can't help everyone, but the least I can do is try and balance things out a little. I'll be that asshole and endure berating on the road, screamed at and flipped off, so that I can make a difference-- however small. Cutting off one person at a time. */r/resonatingfury* 