
The dark corner of the bar is inhabited by a sole vagrant. The barkeep cannot remember a time when the man was not a regular. Dark hair never turning grey, the man seemed immune to aging. As long as he paid for his drinks, the bartender didn't care one way or the other about the matter. The door creaks open. A harsh light half of the room. A man in a suit looks hesitant. "Welcome," the barkeep intones, barely looking up. He is busily cleaning glasses. The suited man steels himself, and then enters the bar. He stops again in the middle of the bar, and scans the room without taking off his sunglasses. His gaze stops on the man in the corner. He starts toward him with conviction. The man does not look up from his drink as the suited man sits down. "Hello," The suited man says. There is no reply. "Did you really think we wouldn't find you? This has to be the twentieth time you've faked your death," he continues. The dark haired man looks up. "What's with the sunglasses? It's dark as shit in here." The suited man does not budge. He was forewarned of the snark. A symptom of immortality he reasons. "Are you going to make a whole big show this time, or are you going to get back to work?" He asks. The dark haired man takes another drink. "I think I'll make a show," he replies. "It's been too long since I've had some fun." "You're no use to anyone in jail, and I know where you live, now. Besides, you're not really an assassin, right?" The man counters. The dark haired man does not look convinced. "I'm not going to jail." he replies. There is a stalemate. The suited man looks afraid to move. He decides to pivot. "What are you going by these days, anyway?" "I haven't decided, yet. Something simple. John, maybe." This is not the answer the suited man wanted. He sighs as he looks around the bar. "Listen, are you coming with me or not? I can always come back with more men, if you're not going to comply." The dark haired man looked back down. "I guess you'll have to come back, then," he says finally. The suited man takes a lingering look at him. He gets up, and walks swiftly to the door. The dark haired man takes another drink. The bartender walks to his table. "Trouble?" he asks. "No. Nothing you need to worry about, Lou." "Listen Keanu, if there's anything you need-" "All I need is to go home. And...prepare." he cuts him off. He stands abruptly, and begins walking to the door. He arrives at the door, and turns back a final time. "And not that it's going to matter pretty soon, but you can call me John. John Wick." ___ /r/Periapoapsis. I have no idea if Keanu has ever worked for WB, but you get the drift. ___ For anyone who's just now reading this, [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Periapoapsis/comments/68fnnx/keanu_the_wicked_ii/) is up on my subreddit! 