
"I told you IDIOTS what would happen if you vaccinated, but who's laughing now?" I smirked to only myself as I posted the message on Tara's wall. That bitch had berated me over all these years on Facebook over my beliefs, and the satisfaction of the spiteful message was a taste worth reveling in. I only wished she would get to see it, but her body was probably still sticking needles in her children even in her current state. "Honey, could you check on Amanda for me? I'm just finishing up the fortifications now." Dan, my husband, called out to me. I got up from my chair, stumbling a bit from a surprise of stiffness in my legs. Nevertheless, I found Amanda laying on the couch in the living room, snuggled up with a blanket but looking a little pale. "Is everything alright, dear?" I asked, feeling my hand on her warm forehead. "I-I feel some hurt. In my head." She strained out with a couple of gasps in between words. I gave her a kiss on the forehead and left to the bathroom for my medicine cabinent. There I grabbed a couple bottles of essential oils, along with a cool towel for her forehead. A loud moan from the living room quickened my pace back, but I still fought against the stiffness in my legs. I came back to find Amanda spewing vomit all over my white carpet, and was clearly much sicker than I anticipated. Clearly I might need some stronger oils. I rushed over to her side, comforting her as she continued to vomit, until she slowly began to stabilize. It wasn't until a stray finger of my touched the vomit and its nauseating smell reached my nostrils that I realized I wasn't feeling so good either. I applied some of the oils to Amanda before going back to my computer. I was a trained professional when it came to WebMD, and I quickly looked up some causes of mine and Amanda's symptoms on the site. I scanned through a couple of the possible causes. Polio? What was that. It definitely didn't sound good. The most worrying part was the fact that all these roads and stores had been closed down due to the apocalypse. There was no way I'd be able to get a refill on my oils with the world in this state. Damn you vaxxers! "Dan?" I called out, with a smidgen of fear in my voice. "I think we'll be seeing that bitch Tara sooner then planned." 