
They were in visual range now. With shaking hand, Richard Smyth picked up the radio receiver. They were out of time. Dimly, he watched the weapons batteries grow red as they charged. He cleared his throat and spoke into the receiver. "This is the International Space Station..." He turned around to face his crew, gathered around him. "Signing off." His eyes closed. Behind him, the ever-growing alien vessel bled starlet streaks through the vacuum. "Roger that International Space Station." The earth-side ensign responded. There was a pause as he collected his words. "We'll make them remember you." Commander Smyth opened his eyes for the last time. His fist clenched around the picture of his family that he held in hand. A heartbeat later, the alien ship opened fire, and the entire station was vaporized in a single salvo. The ship bore down on Holy Terra and fell into geosynchronous orbit. Then it ejected from its keel three dozen drop-pods, huge steel raindrops, each the size of a house. They arced towards the planet's main city, which the aliens judged to be the one in the north, perched on a sinking island at the juncture of two dead rivers. The raindrops were met by a flight of six F-35s, each accompanied by three drone wingmen. They split off and picked targets, but their missiles scored harmlessly off the pod's armored sides, and they scored no kills. "Switch tac, concentrate fire." the flight leader announced, already pulling around for a second pass. In the corner of his eye he watched their estimated time to impact. "Aye, sir. Paint a target." He did, and they came around for a second pass. The F-35s and their escorts raked the designated pod with coordinated fire, finally breaching its armor. The pod trembled, then tumbled, and disintegrated under the stress. They came around again, and destroyed another in the same manner. But now the pods were too close to the city, and they broke off. Surface-to-air missiles came up from Griffiss, Earle, and Fort Hamilton, destroying another two pods, and railgun fire lanced up from destroyers in New York Harbor, bringing down another pod. But more than enough got through. NORAD was a frenzy of orders as the whole military came awake, too slowly. The pods glanced off buildings and shattered the streets they landed on. Then, when a second had passed, their bay doors opened and their deadly cargo came forth. Bipedal suits of power armor, other unarmored lizardlike bipeds with them, and charging forth between their legs dozens of murderous houndlike beasts. Fire lanced out, from here, from there. The NYPD engaged the threat, the New York National Guard just behind. They were grim and war-hardened, experienced and fierce in despair. But they were outmatched, and the alien paratroopers established a perimeter, making Central Park their base of operation. Sniper fire came in from the tops of buildings, and two airstrikes shattered every pane of glass in the city, but they held their position. Thousands of New Yorkers were killed, either in the impact, the initial attack, or by the fires that now raged everywhere. Any human they saw, the aliens shot down, or else their dogs would maul them. But now, the arms of the dead began to twitch wildly, and they came out with sudden strength, rising themselves to their broken feet. They rose. The humans knew what to do, they had their pre-war Manhattan evacuation plan in case of an outbreak, they had only just defeated the global menace, and they were unafraid. But the aliens, seeing the dead rise, became terrified, and they drew themselves back to the park itself. Accurate fire continued to lance down from Army and SWAT assets, that claimed more rooftops with each passing moment. Helicopters went to and fro. A single blast from one of the alien's rail cannons could fell one, but they came too swiftly, and the aliens had other problems. Their hounds went first, torn asunder by chomping mouths and stiff, dead, fingers. The bipeds drew themselves together in the park among hastily dug trenches. Bullets glanced off their power armor like rain off a corrugated steel roof. And from every direction the pulsing crowds of dead people began to press in towards Central Park. The aliens set up a firing line, chewing the oncoming bodies to pieces with their fire, but only ever by chance did they shatter the brain, and so, even bodies torn in two or three pieces squirmed forward. With each passing moment they drew themselves further together, until there was no more space to retreat, and though desperately they fired the horde washed over them and they were buried beneath the squirming press. The power armored ones waded through this crowd, crushing and burning as they could, but the horde came over them too, and not even steel can withstand the concerted grasp of the dead, a lesson the humans had learned once to their sorrow. Seeing this massacre from their ship, the Alien Vanguard-Master was unnerved, and his courage failed him. It *was* a rich world, but the cost... he could not imagine taking this planet even if he had a full assault fleet at his disposal. Even unto death they would oppose them. He communed with his masters. They agreed with him, but they ordered his execution for cowardice nonetheless. A few hours later the order to retreat was broadcast to Vanguard Vessel 232, and it turned around and left Earth behind. &#x200B; 