
Mrs. Hawkins tapped her pen irritably on her desk. It was almost 30 minutes past the end of school and she was supposed to have a parent teacher conference regarding the young boy across from her. Finn sat at his desk, head down, his tiny feet not reaching the ground. For a quiet child, he was one of Mrs. Hawkins more difficult students. He had a habit of making deals with the other children, in fact that was his preferred method of social interaction. Though seemingly harmless, if a student broke the deal they would be beset by misfortune. For example; one day Finn exchanged his swing time at recess for Timothy Johnston's pudding cup at lunch. After Timmy refused to give the pudding cup he was stuck with a fit of hiccuping that prevented him from eating and forced him to spend the rest of lunch in the nurse's office. When Abigale Westwood broke her deal to give Finn two of her stickers in exchange for the yellow crayon, her skin rapidly turned a color of bright canary yellow. There were many more incidents like these and while they all had the common trait of involving Finn and a deal, none of the unfortunate events could be fairly pinned on Finn. There was no way he could have logically cause Timmy's hiccuping or Abigail's change in skin hue. There were also several odd interactions between Finn and the staff. The strangest was the day a recess monitor stopped him from coming back into the building because he was covered in dirt and his pockets were full of plant roots. When asked why, he said that they were for a potion and threw a tantrum when they were thrown away. Not to mention the fact that no one had ever seen Finn's parents. He would just appear every day at the start of school and disappear when the bell rang to excuse the students. Anytime a school office employee called the number listed in Finn's files as his home phone they would forget the details of who they spoke with and move onto another task almost immediately. Most only recalling that they even called when asked by another member of the staff. The final straw for Mrs. Hawkins was the class project given last week. The students were instructed to draw a picture of them and their family. Finn's picture included a tiny boy surrounded by three creatures with horns, one with butterfly wings and one that was clearly a Halloween caricature of a witch. Mrs. Hawkins reprimanded Finn and told him to draw his actual family. When he produced an almost identical drawing, she put him on timeout and requested the office call his home and set up the parent teacher conference. Unsurprisingly, the office couldn't say who they spoke to, but could confirm that whoever answered the phone committed to being at the appointment. Just when Mrs. Hawkins was getting ready to phone the school office to have them call Finn's home again, the door to the class room swung open. She stared in surprise as 5 figures entered the room. The first was a woman with skin as green as grass, wearing all black and carrying what was unmistakably a broom. The second was a regal looking man with sharp features and pointed ears, who seemed to emit his own minor glow. Finally there were three hulking figures who had to duck down to pass through the door, and were wearing sun hats that did a very poor job of hiding the horns that protruded from their heads. They sat down in the chairs Mrs. Hawkins had placed in front of her desk (though three of them had to grab additional chairs as she only placed two). The five looked at Mrs. Hawkins, who was unable to find her voice. After an uncomfortable silence one of the large horned creatures spoke, his voice a deep, gravely bass. "So what exactly did you want to talk about Mrs. Hawkins?" He said. 