
It took me a minute to get my bearings. I didn't expect heaven to have so many... stuffed animals? *Unless this was hell.* My attention turned to the small girl across the pink plastic table. She couldn't have been older than 6, and she had bouncy brown curls that reminded me of my own daughter's, when she was little. She had set her gaze on a blue stuffed rabbit to my right. The rabbit had a fine ceramic teacup set in front of him, and she mimed pouring tea into it from her plastic kettle. Her eyes turned to me. "More for you, Mr. Higginbottom?" I formed a few responses before I came out with the question I most needed answered. "Where am I?" "At my tea party, of course!" She turned to her right, pouring now for a somewhat realistic-looking turtle with buttons for eyes and a slight smile. *Maybe this is a kind of test?* My eyes wandered around the rest of the room as the girl poured. It definitely had all the trappings of a young girl's room, but for some reason, I was having trouble confronting the evidence of my eyes. I didn't want to freak her out if it ended up being exactly what it looked like, but I *remembered* dying. I *knew* this had to be the afterlife. I thought of my daughter again. How she had been there, at the end. I was wasting away, barely more than a husk, but she had sat by my bedside the whole time; her husband drifting in and out. I reached up to wipe away tears that never appeared. "You know," I finally replied. "I think I would like some tea." The girl smiled, deftly pouring some imaginary chamomile into my cup. This certainly wasn't the worst fate I could've imagined. Maybe I wasn't good enough for heaven, but I definitely wasn't bad enough for hell. If I was consigned to being an imaginary friend for eternity, that was good enough for me. A voice called out to the girl from downstairs. "Delia, it's almost time for dinner!" Delia... perhaps it was coincidence? But no, the more I looked, the more she looked like my Delia. "Coming, daddy!" She set down her teapot and looked at me. "I'll be back in a bit, Mr. H! Make sure you drink up." I smiled as my daughter bounded down the stairs for her dinner. 