
"Hey, what's up dawg!" A random kid called me out and tried to do this weird handshake. This kid wore baggy pants like MC Hammer and sunglasses from Dollar Tree. "Everything's all hip and jive in Minnesota. First day of school?" "Uhh, yeah. It's everybody's first day. Who are you?" I asked, trying to conceal my discomfort. "My name is Bellair," he answered and started dancing like a rapper. "Bellair? Like the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air?" "Yee, boi! Oh snap, I want you to meet my other friend," he tugged me over to his lunch table. Over there, a girl wore bling-bling like Madonna. She nodded her head to a big stereo on the floor. But, it was the AM radio... I tried to give a handshake. But, she went for a fist-bump and gutted me in the stomach. "Hey dawg! My name is Madonna," she smiled while chewing some gum. Wow, her name is actually Madonna. Did these people escape from MTV? "We swinged here a month ago." "Yeah, I thought you're new. Where you from?" I asked, while looking around the lunchroom for an escape route. Drats! All other seats were taken. "From Venus-" "Venice," interrupted Bellair. Hmm, they don't look Italian. He must've noticed my confused expression and gave an upset look to Madonna. He continued, "ahem, we love the chill weather here. Ten years and five days ago to be exact. So, we thought, why not live here?" I slowly nodded my head as if in agreement. Right, the weather is 30 below zero. It's literally chilly, no human wants to live here. Wait a second, 10 years ago? These guys are 13 years old. So, when they were old enough to eat baby gerber and watch Sesame Street, they decided to live in one of the coldest parts in America? "Join us for lunch bro," Bellair asked, gesturing to the seat next to him. Glumly, I sat down and slowly munched on my macaroni. I glanced over and noticed they pulled a ziploc full of... grass? "Umm, is that salad?" I asked hesitantly. "You can call that man!" Bellair answered proudly. "I believe you Americans call it hemp and weed! The magic stuff!" PEEEWWWWT! I spat my food over the kid next to me. The kid gave an angry look and walked away. Bellair and Madonna continued to stuff their mouths with their 'magic stuff' like cows. "Umm, that stuff is illegal," I whispered at them. They gave me a confused look. "I heard this was the thing! Weed is hip and trip-" "SHUT UP!" I hushed at them. "I don't want to get in trouble-. You know what? I don't want to be a part of this. It was nice meeting you. But, I'm done here." "Wait Earthling!" Bellair yelled, tugging my hand. Did he just call me Earthling? That doesn't sound right. As if they realized they done something wrong, Bellair gave a worried look to Madonna. She nodded and turned the radio all the way up. Neon colors zinged out. And they glowed. ZAP! Suddenly, they dissolved into the air. I sighed and returned to the lunch table. And then adjusted my flesh mask. First day of school is always weird. It's hard to fit in as a Martian. 