
All I wanted was for them to go away. For them to let me fruitlessly peel my potatoes in peace, but one after another they lined up behind me, all of them holding their own potatoes and trying to catch a glimpse of my progress. "Here, what if you just try this-" the one at the front of the line offered, handing me another potato. It was quite round, not ovular like some of the other potatoes, and the look of hope in his eyes only made me feel worse when I dropped it into the basket that stretched down forever. "Thanks." I murmured. He wandered off with a skip in his step. I glanced down at the basket. I couldn't even see his potato anymore; it had disappeared among all the rest. *Just another thing to do,* I sighed. Yet, though I loathed the endless potato offerings, how I had to subtly deny each one, I still enjoyed the brief conversation I held with the givers. If I was lucky, I could even hold one in a conversation long enough to ask them about their potato, why they had brought it. *I thought maybe if you had a different one, it'd be easier to deal with that one. I just wanted you to know that I see what you're going through. I don't really understand what you're doing, or why, but I want to help.* A small smile ghosted my lips. They were all so eager to help me, but the poor little souls didn't know how. I'd been peeling the same potato for years now, and never had I made any progress. Instead, I was being drowned in more and more potatoes that need peeling, but what was I to do when I finally reached the last potato? When people stopped bringing me more, and so I had no potato with which to handle the last? My smile turned to a frown. The line behind me was growing antsy, all of them wanting to hand off their potatoes and get out of here. I didn't blame them. They saw where their potatoes were going. Still, I slowed. The answer to my own question was on the tip of my tongue, yet I couldn't quite grasp it. I had never truly thought of those questions before, I had been so caught up with accepting the potatoes from everyone else. But what about that last potato? How would I deal with that one? Someone tapped me on the shoulder, and I turned. It was a little girl with strawberry curls. In her hands, she held a small, plump potato. "I have this for-" "Do you have a peeler?" I asked, the question rolling off my tongue before I could even process it. The girl paused, confused. "I'm... I'm sorry?" "A peeler," I repeated, "so that I can peel the potatoes. If I had one, it would make this a lot easier." She glanced at herself like she should've been carrying one, then looked to me with bright green eyes. "I don't, but... I could help you look for one!" I rose from my chair, flattened from my years of sitting in the same position, doing the same actions over and over again to no avail. "I would love that." I told the girl, grinning. She smiled, but then turned to the basket, her hands still cradling the potato. "But what should I do with this?" I thought for a short moment, then, I took the potato from her thin hands and set it on the ground. "Leave it," I told her, "I'll deal with it when I get back." 