
I remember every single one. Every hero I've killed, and every devious plot I've pulled off as a result. See, after a thousand miraculous escapes, heroes never actually believe that they'll die. It makes it so much more satisfying. Because they know me, they know that no one has ever gotten away from me. So when they see me walking towards them, gun in hand, their reactions are simply...priceless. Have you ever seen a superhero cry? I have, and it's delightful. "Sir, he's breached the exterior door" I looked over at my lead henchman. Gruff, serious, experienced, Ron was exactly what I needed in an advisor. And as an added bonus, his men shot everything on sight. "Good," I responded, a grin beginning to grow on my face. "Keep me updated." The Guard had been a thorn in my side for past few decades. The super-powered team had foiled many of my plans, but in the end, here I was, alive and uninjured. And as for them, all but one was dead by my hand. I'm not one for massive, flashy lairs, so here I sat in this small bunker, deep in the Appalachian mountains.  My plans to descend the world into anarchy were ready, and airtight. The only blemish, of course, was the super soldier currently tearing his way through my bunker. "Sir, he's made it to the bottom level. He's about to breach the door to your office." "Good." From my desk drawer I pulled out one of my favorite toys, an antique Colt revolver. Loaded, of course, as always. I pointed it toward the heavy metal office door, steadying the barrel with my forearm. I glanced to my right, watching the security cameras that kept this pesky hero in view. His explosives had failed to fully dislodge the door, and in a heroic feat of strength, he was pulling it open, breaking the steel lock with his bare hands. With the last of his strength, the hero finally managed to pry open the door, and leapt inside of the office. Instinctively, I looked toward the door a few feet in front of me, but of course, no one was there. The hero on my monitor was strong, but his lack of brains had led him instead to my identical bunker 3 states away. I watched as he entered the office, immediately greeted by a hail of bullets from the 20 soldiers I had planted in the room. There was no chance to dodge, no chance to run. When the guns stopped firing, the closest soldier walked over to the bloody mess on the ground. "He's dead", I heard over the radio. Sure, it would have been nice to see the look in my final adversary's eyes while the life slipped from his body. And there were so many things I would've loved to say to him. But that's not my style. 