
And coming in at 10, we have his first steps, always a highlight in anyone's life - it's a shame no one was there to see it! Number 9 has his first day of school, certainly a formative moment. So much hope, so much anticipation! Here we see the other students laughing at him for having holes in his shoes; kids can be so cruel, no? At 8 we have him standing up to his bully for the first - and last - time. I think we can all agree that this was a simply spectacular moment in his life, and despite the consequences, you really have to admire his tenacity. And sitting at 7, we have his ultimate teenage moment - his first kiss! You all knew it was coming, and that first glimmer of hope was something I'm sure we can all agree was simply terrific to watch. If only her father hadn't banned her from seeing him - it's not like he could choose who his family was, no? 6 puts us out of foster care and straight into college, with him working three jobs just to support his studies. Here we see him falling asleep during that crucial exam; who knows what his life could have become if not for that fatal mistake! 5 is when he found the wallet with all that money, and decided to return it to the police - who promptly pocketed it! We decided to include this one, since he was kicked out for not being able to pay his rent just a week later - you can just taste the irony, really. 4 has him on the streets, when he was too proud to ask for money. If only he did, since this is when he got beat up by some drunk teenagers for being homeless. Not a great reason, I'm sure you'll all agree! Top 3 was a no-brainer. Here we have him finally turning his life around, getting his first job since being homeless, despite not having the required attire or experience - truly a moving moment! You really have to admire the kind old man for hiring him. Number 2 comes shortly afterwards, however, with the old man passing away and the business shutting down, putting him back on the street. In a life of ups and downs, it certainly seems like it's been mostly downhill for him! And coming in at the all-time number 1 spot, you all knew it was coming - we have him meeting his high school sweetheart once again. Truly poetic; if only she'd realized who it was when she'd given him her change. We think that's what finally broke him, don't you agree? Anyway, thanks for sticking it through to the end, and don't forget to like and subscribe! ***** ***** If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) instead. I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 