
She sweated nervously, both her hands clenching the heavy broadsword, waiting for her doom. She could barely lift the damn thing, let alone fight with it. The only weapon she had any killing experience with was a fly swatter. The alien crowd in the stands cheered raucously as the sound of the gates mechanisms started, pulling the heavy spiked gates upwards. She was going to die. The other prisoners had told her their Alien captors delighted in pairing up one of the smartest creature from a planet with one of the meanest creature from a planet. So she was expecting to see a grizzly bear or a wolverine, something big and grumpy like that, the last thing she expected to see was her orange Maine Coon cat Fluffykins come running up to her. The crowd roared as the cat raced at her and leaped into her arms, causing her to drop the sword. They thought it was ripping her throat out, and while Fluffykins was biting her, he was giving her demanding love bites. As the crowd fell silent in shock a low rumbling sound filled the room, and she realized it was the sound of her pet's purring being broadcast across the stadium. Not knowing what to do now, and assuming they'd probably just kill them both for ruining the evening's entertainment, she decide to enjoy some cuddles while she could. She was busy giving belly rubs to Fluffykins as the cat lounged in pure feline joy when a smaller door next to the spiked gates opened up. A procession of about a dozen of the tall aliens approached. It was hard to describe them as they were fully clothed in long loose robes with even their eyes obscured (assuming they had eyes?). Their robes were an off grey colour that almost seemed to shift in tone if she looked too long, absorbing light so that you found yourself squinting to see better to no avail. As they approached she drew her knees up to her chest. This was it. They are going to kill us, she thought. Fkuffykins leaped up, putting himself between her and the aliens, his hackles raised, a low rumbling growl replaced the purr. She'd never seen him like this before. The aliens stopped their approach. Fluffykins lowered his growl but didn't budge. She'd heard Maine coons could be as protective as a dog but this was the first she'd seen such behaviour from him. The aliens huddled in heated discussion. If she didn't know better she might think they were....afraid...of her? Finally one approached her, alone, its companions waiting near the door. "Chosen ones, we beg your forgiveness. We have been looking for so long for the One Who Would Tame the Beasts." The Alien bowed his head deferentially. "The last thing we expected was to find you here, on a planet overrun by primitive bipeds barely out of their first Industrial Age" The alien dropped to its knees before her and pulled back its hood, revealing the head of what looked like a large human sized crow. It's companions further back joined suit. "Please forgive us for. We need your help. Only you can tame the great star beast." "Oh shit Fluffykins, what have we gotten ourselves into now?" She thought just as a beam of light surrounded them both and lifted them up into the alien sky above. 