
*Day 79. I think. I don't know the exact date, you guys have my logs you can figure it out. I don't care I'm just hungry. My food supply ran out 3 days ago? I don't know I wrote it down just flip back a few pages. The food you guys sent sucked. No food sucks more. * *Day 80. I've mentioned there is no animal life, yet half the place seems to be covered in the blue sticky moss. I'm sure it's not too toxic or I would have reacted when I removed the suit after my tank failed. Seems to recycle carbon dioxide similar to earth plants. I'm starving guys. I'm eating some. If this is my last entry it killed me. * *Still day 80. Not dead. The blue moss tastes slightly lemony, not bad actually. Eating more then going to sleep.* Jacob chewed on his final piece of blue moss for the day. Didn't want to eat too much of a weird thing but his stomache demanded more. It had such a weird texture, almost like steak, Jacob figured he lucked out as far as eating alien plants go. Could taste like ass or someth... *"NO! Bad!"* "AhHHhhhHh" Jacob jumped up and just started running. Who ever said that sounded like it was right next to him in his ear but there was no one. Then his own voice hadn't been used in so long it crackled out scaring him even more. *"Aw I'm sorry buddy did I scare you? Didn't mean to you scared me too, just don't eat that stuff ok I need it."* "Who...where are you?" Jacob finally slowed down and started turning around searching for the source of the voice. Nothing but blue moss, nothing that should be talking. "Maybe I finally lost it...maybe that moss is a hallucinogenic.", Jacob thought to himself hoping to have some sort of explanation. Before he could think to far into it the voice replied, *"No you're not crazy and the moss didn't drug you. The "moss" you ate was an extension of my consciousness, you'll be able to hear me for about an hour. Aw aren't you a cute one? Yes you are. Oh I'm so sorry you ran out of food didn't you? I didn't want to intervene if I didn't need too but...."* Suddenly a 12 oz medium rare steak and baked potato emerge from the moss. Jacob, speechless and thoughtless, grabs the plate and silver wear, gently poking everything half expecting it to disappear or turn into blue moss. *"See there we go, that's what you wanted earlier eating the moss wasn't it? Oh who's a good boy oh he likes that doesn't he?"* Jacob sat and ate in now awkward silence. This was more then he could handle, and it gave him steak so he didn't care to question it. Half way through the voice apologized for forgetting something and out sprouted a diet coke. Jacob found his tounge long enough to thank the voice, and with a full stomache he dozed off with his soda still in hand. .......................................................................................... *"Mom! MOOOOOOOOOM look he was all alone and hungry can we keep him pleeeeeeeease?!"* 