
I bring the sticky red opal up to my nose and inhale. The last candy from the box I found in the attic, all that time ago. The bittersweet scent leaps into my mind, pushing away my thoughts and my bedroom, if just for a moment. A hazy orange sunrise bleeds into my vision. I see a sparkling crown of snow-capped mountains in the distance. I am body-less, but am somehow pulled nearer to the shortest of the mountains, where on its belly, crystals of ice tumble down a half-frozen waterfall. The world twists, the mountain turns, until I see her chocolate-box cottage sitting picturesque near the base, just as I'd left it. I drift like an autumn breeze closer to the cottage. At the back of its pretty little garden, almost hidden by rambling roses and long grass, is a makeshift gravestone. A pile of rubble with no body beneath. "I can't take the final one," I'd told her, the last time we'd been together. "I can't leave you knowing that I can never see you again." She tried to be sympathetic, tried to understand, but her smile was contrasted by damp eyes and hunched shoulders. "At least," I continued, "if I keep the final sweet spare... Then there is always that possibility that we might see each other again. A last time." I pause. "And at least I can touch it and breathe it and see you, if only for a second. *If I keep it*." "But I would not be able to see you," she said in a calm, level voice. "Never again, if you refuse to eat it." It was an accusation. Of selfishness. Of betrayal. Why should you have the possibility to visit me whenever you wish, she meant, whilst I have no option at all, other than to wait? To never know if we'd see each other again. I told her she was not to wait. That she was to find someone else. But she never did. The cottage we had moved into together, in order to be closer to life, became a prison locking her away from it. A hermit rarely leaving her mountain. And I watched her like a self-loathing God. Able to change everything but choosing to change nothing. It took her a dozen years to somewhat come to terms with my leaving. To create the grave. Not for a person, but for the memory of a person. Even though I had desperately wanted her to move on, I felt like I'd been stabbed in the heart upon seeing the pile of rocks, with the simple wooden cross poking out of them. After that, I breathed the scent of the remaining candy much less often. Watched over her much less often. Until I saw her recently. A sickness had already grabbed hold of her shoulders and had begun shaking the remaining life out of her. I see her now through the frosted glass windows. She lies on her bed. Her blue eyes the only parts unchanged since our time together. She is so thin, as if someone painted skin onto bone. I know she will be gone soon. In a day, perhaps. Probably less. Then, suddenly, I am pulled back into the darkness of my bedroom. The candy trembles nervously in my hand. For a few seconds, I hold it in front of my open mouth and I imagine being there with her. Telling her that I'm sorry. That she was everything I wasn't. Brave and loyal and beautiful, and that I was undeserving of her. Always had been. I imagine squeezing her hand as her lips move into a final smile. As she fades away from me. But I taste salt, not sweetness, on my tongue -- as tears trickle in through the corner of my mouth. "I'm sorry," I whisper to the candy, as if it's a person. *The* person. "But if I don't see you leave..." I open my hand and the little red candy drops down, rattling for a second on the hard floor. I bring my foot down on it and hear it crunch beneath my boot. 