
While most of humanity's deepest questions had been answered by the historians, the most perplexing question of all still remained - the Big Bang. This remained a problem for the longest time, as how could you travel back to a time where time did not exist? Beyond that, how could an observer survive the ensuing blast? This problem was put on hold, as the biggest problem of all remained the simple fact of entropy. The heat death of the universe, however far away, remained the existential dread of humanity. When lives were effectively immortal, when all religion had given way to the stark reality of death, the knowledge that it would assuredly end, no matter how far into the future, plagued humanity to no end. Coupled with the fact that they were assuredly the only sentient species in their galaxy, humanity felt alone and scared, and a brash decision was forming. A quasi-singularity approached, as humanity sought to escape into artificial consciousness to delay their demise. They knew the end would still come, as entropy was unavoidable - but this would delay the inevitable. This was not met without debate though, and once again the deepest question resurfaced; what if truly understanding the birth of the universe could give insight into preventing the end of it? Thus like the space race of old, humanity aligned itself with the single goal - of traveling to the time before the universe began. Many deemed it simply impossible, which is a motivation to humanity unlike any other. The day eventually came when the problem was solved, when the portal to before the inception of the universe was formed. The science of it was practically incomprehensible - but humans had long learned to not dwell on the details if something worked. The historians arrived into the time before time existed. In the deep recesses of nothing, the historians settled into their capsule, both there and not there; safe from the cataclysm that would assuredly occur. And yet, they were not alone. As they looked out into the deep recesses of nothing, both everywhere and nowhere, they saw thousands of capsules not unlike their own; each filled with sentient species of all kinds. It would seem that humanity was not alone, and not alone in their curiosity. Regardless, historians have a strict code to not interfere, and all did so in respect to their compatriots. Thus the explosion of life had quite the audience; the irony of the universe observing it's own inception not lost on the onlookers. The historians returned with the knowledge of not only the Big Bang, but perhaps an even more startling revelation. Thus the singularity was put on hold, as what was the use of retreating into artificial consciousness and waiting for their inevitable demise, when thousands more sentient species awaited them? After all, the other species possibly had an answer to the heat death of the universe; or, failing that, perhaps they could find a solution together. ***** ***** If you didn't complete hate that, consider subscribing to my subreddit: /r/CroatianSpy I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 