
Most people have normal regrets. Letting that girl get away, not studying for that big exam, taking that first whiff of a cigarette. Mine was putting on shampoo. It was just a phase alright? I wanted to really stick it to mom and dad by turning my hair pink. That'll show 'em. Yeah. Teen me was not very smart. So I'd put it on, then turned the damn thing around. It had two warnings. MAY be permanent & MAY cause main character syndrome. I dismissed the second one as a joke, and became really worried about the first one. Not only is my hair *still* pink five years later, my life has become a living hell. And so I present to you, A Day in the Life... *** I was out on one of my bi-monthly grocery trips. I didn't leave the house much, because it was dangerous. I finished paying the cashier and lugged my huge bags of groceries back to the car. Nothing had happened so far, maybe I'd get away Scott free... My car exploded. I dropped my grocery bags and massaged my temples. I had insurance on that car that I had claimed dozens of times. The insurance company had had me followed once, to see if I was committing insurance fraud. The poor guy had ended up with multiple hair line fractures. Collateral damage of my condition. What I *was* worried about though was the...thing that had just materialized on top of the car, laughing maniacally. He was about 10 feet tall made up of what I can only describe as alien snails. Trust me, you don't want to know more. "Face me, if you would dare, mortal!" he said, and thunder boomed and lightning flashed as he did. It had been clear skies literally minutes ago. The universe had a sick, sick sense of humor. I took a deep breath. I could do this. I'd survived for 5 years, this was just another day. I exhaled, took one last look at the demon, and ran like hell. Hey, don't look at me like that, what would *you* have done if you saw that shit? "COWARD!" the demon called after me, but I didn't turn around, just kept running. I was very good at it, considering all the practice I'd had these past five years. For once though something went my way and I saw a local taxi passing by on the road. I flagged it down and jumped into the car. "Drive, goddamit!" I yelled, and the car took off in a screech of tires. I breathed a sigh of relief after we were a couple of blocks away. I'd gotten away again. I'd have to go get groceries tomorrow, but today was over. I'd survived. Famous last words. "Thanks for the save, mate," I said to the driver, "just drop me wherever, I'll walk." "Oh I'll drop you," the driver said, and now I could make out his red irises and tiny horns, "drop you IN HELL" I just closed my eyes and sighed. Typical, really. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 