
To many humans, they take shit for granted. So you're from a planet; big whoop. You're used to having some heavier gravity. Maybe it's a colonial planet, with about a 1.2 version of Earth's gravity. Or you're from the formerly blue planet, now more of a brownish vomit color, with that Coca Cola classic 1.0 set of gravity. Or maybe you're from one of those overpriced artificial biomes. Or maybe you were born on one of the permanent orbital stations, instead of on the cold steel floor of a mining freighter like me. Now you've got some business meeting or whatever in a different star system. You're all excited and shit, waiting to launch from orbit. Most of your life you've taken things for granted. Food that doesn't come in a God damn tube. Not having to turn your piss into drinkable water every few hours. Now you're on a spacecraft and the rules are different. But hey, we're all human here. Mostly. Even have some children on board. Which explains you lot trying to twist and turn all the pretty dials. So a particularly bright one of you lot bumps the gravity on your deck to maybe 85%. No big deal, right? Wrong, dipshit. First you're sucking power from way too many systems for your ass to count, so the AI has to handle it. It affects everything on board from burn rates to temperature levels, on top of rerouting every single damn deck system to coincide with this deck's gravity so you don't fall flat on your face when you transition. Then you have to sustain all that shit. So over a few weeks that power drain doesn't always go noticed. Now you don't have enough to make it to your destination. You're stranded in the black void of space, with limited everything, hoping your comms system isn't too shitty so you can hail a rescue from a nearby shipping lane. If that doesn't work, your need to wipe your ass with the proper gravity level has literally killed every person on that craft. Or worse, the wrong ship picks up the system and now you're getting sold into slavery by God damn space pirates because you just couldn't get used to reduced gravity. You've single handedly doomed the entire crew to being some alien sex slave or for organ harvest on some God forsaken colony world. Can you live with that? So I won't say it again, Billy. Hands off the fucking climate controls. Jesus stop with the crying, boy. Put on a weight vest, maybe wear magnetic boots and increase their connection level. If this is making you that nauseous take something with dimenhydranate in it. I don't give a shit if it makes you sleepy. If I see you near this console again, I can guarantee I'm blasting your dumb ass out of the nearest airlock. Now run along and play with the other space brats. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 