
*Here lies the most dangerous man in the world.* Arthur stared at his own gravestone, a bouquet of flowers in hand. His grave was nothing like the others. While everyone else had a single slab of rock, his was a towering black pillar. Golden words of all the laws he had broken were carved into it from top to bottom and on every side. The second he had died and they had lowered what they assumed to be his body into the dirt, Grindstone Cemetery became less a cemetery and more a tourist attraction. People flocked from the far ends of the world to see the man who had singlehandedly brought down the most powerful nation on Earth. And what did their awe or terror look like? Dog-eared selfies. Candid Instagram photos. And the worse yet, obscene poses desecrating his memory. Not that he cared. "Hey," some college kid whispered to his friends. "The guards are gone." "Alright, quick do it," his friend replied. Arthur sighed and heard the distinct noise of a zipper going down and then the splash of water. He wondered if that kid thought he was the only one *bold* enough to ever think of such a thing. The water stopped with the sound of laughter. He quickly zipped back up. With a single snap of his fingers, Arthur gave the zipper a little push and a yelp resounded from behind his grave followed by more of his friend's stupid laughter. "It's caught in the zipper!" "What the hell Brady? What are you, two?" Arthur allowed himself his own laugh. He would need it today. He snapped a single flower off his bouquet and dropped it on the ground. Then, he left to his real destination. --- It was at the opposite end of the cemetery, tucked away in a little corner. Originally, his grave had been right here too, but then the owners got greedy and put him front and center. The stone slab read: *Here lies Elizabeth Marone, a girl taken too soon. 2000 - 2014.* He clenched his fists. It never got any easier. He always thought that it would, but it never did. His throat dried so that every breath came raspy and burning. His lungs constricted so he could only breathe in stuttered breaths. And at last, he dropped his flowers. He hated the words on her grave. Too soon was her having an iPhone at 13. Too soon was her first boyfriend in the 5th grade. This wasn't *too soon*, it was a travesty to the human race, God's laughing voice resounding from the heavens itself! With a single twitch of a finger, the dust on the grave blew away. Sometimes, he still felt the vibrations from when she would call him to pick her up after school. He didn't even have a phone anymore but he felt them. "Daddy, are you here, yet?" she would ask. "No, baby," he would reply. "I'm in traffic," he said as he always would. "Well let me tell you..." and she would launch into the story of her day, exaggerated to the point of fiction. There would no longer be any room for his words, not until she finished her story. Sometimes, he would put put the phone down to send a quick e-mail. His nails dug into his palms until blood splurted out, joining the tears pouring onto the grounds. Why would he do that? Why the fuck would he do that? When Elizabeth Marone first got admitted to the hospital, she had fantastic stories of all the ghosts wandering the halls. Arthur had took that as a good sign. If she could afford to have such energy and imagination, she would certainly be alright. But he soon found that her stories were for his benefit. They always have been. Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease, they called it, or the Human Mad Cow. It was a neurodegenerative disease that within a year, left Elizabeth struggling to find the words for her stories. She would look at her dad, her eyes misty and her mouth making the motions, but no words would come out. The stories were in her head, he knew they were, but she had no way to tell them. "I'm sorry Mr. Marone, we currently don't have a cure. If you would like to discuss options..." "I don't want to talk about your fucking options!" Arthur had screamed at the doctor. "Why don't you have a god damn cure?" "Well sir, this is just too rare of a disease..." And in that moment, The Mad King was born. It was the name he gave to the tiny voice in his head that had always asked him to do more with his powers. Stop a robbery. Rescue some people from a burning building. Prevent a car crash. He only listened to it sometimes as he didn't want his powers interfering with his daughter's normal life, but now it sang a different tune--save Elizabeth, no matter what. "Too rare you say?" he had responded, laughing just like The Mad King would laugh. "Too fucking rare you say?" But the rest was simply history--the kidnapping of the President, the near collapse of America, the nuclear missiles trained at his head--simply history. In the end, they had found a cure, but not in time. Of course, in time to save the President of the United States, but not his daughter. And when his daughter died, so did The Mad King. He could do it again too--take everything. Anytime he wanted. He knew that everyday, his powers were growing stronger. But what would be the point? --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more! 