
One by one, the party spawned in the dungeon. First came John, blonde, broad-shouldered, and with a perfect smile. He ran his hands through his sun-kissed hair, leaned against a wall, and waited for the others to come. Ricky came next, twig-thin, clad in a tucked in white shirt and skinny pants. He sniffed, straightened his glasses, and looked at the dungeon through frightened eyes. "What--what is this place?" he said, and drew a sharp, inward breath when he saw John. "Don't hit me. Don't hit me, plea--why are you carrying a sword?" "Hit you? I'm not a bully, you dork," John said, barked a laugh. "This is Detention and Dragons, that's why. It's quite easy, really. Just follow my lead, and we should be fine. Did you bring a weapon?" Ricky shook his head. "I do not have swords or knives. I don't like sharp object, I will let you know that. But I can improvise poems on the spot." "Yes, well that won't be too useful. Hopefully the others bring something better. Words won't slay dragons." "Dragons? What do you mean drago--" A whirlwind rose beside Ricky, and from it emerged Arid. Her hair was long and black, her make up was black, her clothes were black, and in her hands she carried two daggers. She, like Ricky, was slim and frail. "Here again, you stupid jock?" Arid said, bit her nails, and her eyes strayed to Ricky. "First time?" Ricky nodded. "That explains your lack of weapons." John bit his lip, staring intently at Arid, who sighed and shook her head at the sight. "Listen, I may be a jock, but I see the way you look at me." "With disdain and a profound hatred. That's how I look at you." "If lying to yourself makes you feel better, then I can't stop you." "You are insufferable. Hope you get eaten today," Arid said, dug out a stone from her pocket, and began sharpening the knives. "We are missing one, right?" "Parties are always of four," John said, examined his sword. It was large, and it gleamed even in the dimness of the torchlit dungeon. A new whirlwind swished amidst them. "There we go," John said, and his brows knitted. "Who are you? I've never seen you in school before." Ferm's perplexed gaze jumped from person to person. He was tall, not too skinny nor too fat, although his cheeks were terribly sunken. He was wearing a blue, stained one piece pajama. It fitted the paleness of his skin and the darkness of his long hair quite well. "I'm Ferm, who are all of you?" "I'm John, he's a nerd, and she is Camille." "My name is Arid, you dumbass. Why do you keep messing my name?" "I'm sorry, Dacy," John said, smiled a wide, charming smile, as he ran his hand through his hair. "I will remember next time." "I don't think I have seen you in school either," Ricky said, and shrunk when the eyes' of the others fixed on him. "I'm homeschooled. I escaped home. My mom is an insane woman. I escape quite a lot to do dungeons, so I can become a proper sorcerer. This escape was quite chaotic, as you may have deciphered from my outfit. My mother wants me to be a doctor. You see where we disagree." "Well, you have some experience, then," Arid said, rested a hand on Ricky's shoulder. "Not like this one over here. How did you end up here anyway?" "Professor Ganolan caught me giving an answer to a friend in an exam. Can we get hurt here?" "Of course. We can die if we are not careful. This is a dungeon after all," Arid said, examined her glistening knife, and stowed the stone back in her pocket. "What? That's idiotic!" Ricky cried out, and the blood rose to his face. "I try to help someone, and my punishment is being sent to a place where there are dragons, who want to kill me?" He turned to Ferm, flailing his arms exaggeratedly. "And you! What do you mean you want to be a sorcerer. Magic isn't real, you weirdo!" Ferm raised his forefinger, slid it across the air in a short, horizontal motion. "Shush," he murmured, and Ricky's waterfall of words faded into silence. His mouth moved, yet no sound came out of it. Ricky's brows wrenched downward. His eyes widened, and the red of his face turned pale-white. "Damn it," Arid said, shook her head. "You are high level, aren't you? That will make the dungeon much harder." "Don't worry. It will balance between him and Ricky," John said, started forth. "Let's slay some dragons, and get out of here." [PART 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/noahelowyn/comments/atp5xb/wp_a_mighty_jock_a_frail_but_deadly_goth_a_nerd/) -------------------- r/NoahElowyn 