
*Oh, there's a zombie in a the room I just stumbled into... that seems bad.* *And my gun is jammed... yeah, this is far less than ideal.* *Oh shit this is one of those 'fast zombies' too... it's on top of me in no time flat!* *It's gnawing into my flesh, oh God... this really is the end for me... and I never got to travel to Athens... Georgia!* *No no no, I'm dying, I'm becoming one of them... and I feel... fucking FANTASTIC?!* &#x200B; Those were my last five thoughts as a human being in chronological order. A jumbled mess of fear, panic, confusion, and then, oddly... total blissful relief. Life as a zombie it turns out is pretty damn awesome! I was telepathically linked with 2.2 billion other zombies at all times. It was like having billions of dear friends at my finger tips at all hours of the day and night! Hell, I'd only had a measly 6 Facebook friends back in my kinda sad 'real life' as a human. In comparison this social life absolutely ruled! We talked all day and all night, I never once felt lonely or isolated, none of them made fun of me or mocked my stupid haircut (I had a thing for mullets as a human... don't judge me, okay?). Beyond feeling like the most popular kid in school, my body, despite it's decaying appearance, felt absolutely amazing! All the aches and pains of approaching middle age were long gone. Incredibly, I didn't feel depressed any longer either. Every worry and concern I'd felt as a human being had vanished at the moment of transformation, replaced by a feeling of pure, overwhelming euphoria. It was like being on the best drug ever 24 hours a day with no risk of side effects or overdose. I tried my best to to think of ways to tell the humans that zombie life kicked ass and they should come over to our side, but my awkward attempts at communication were mostly for naught. The muscles in my face were basically gone and I'm quite sure my vocal chords had been zombie chow, but I kept trying. Finally I aligned my hanging jaw just well enough that I could utter a single word, "brains". It wasn't much, but it would have to do. At least that one word got to the core of what my goal was... What? No! I don't want to *eat* their brains... how disgusting! Eugh... even as a zombie I have standards, okay? No, in fact it's quite the opposite. With that one repeated word I'm desperately trying to tell them to *use* their stupid little living brains, see the folly of human existence and join our super fun crew of the living dead! "Brains... braaaainsss... BRAINS!" I yell at them all day and all night long. So far all I'd gotten for my efforts was a whole lot of humans screaming while swinging spiked baseball bats and the like at me, but I'd keep trying to spread my message of salvation to them. At least from what I could tell, it appeared that I had all the time in the world. ___ Just a quick story before bed. If you care to read other stuff I wrote using my braaaainsss check out r/Ryter. 