
"The key question is--why?" We stared blankly at the slide in question, and our enthusiastic professor who had just paused for dramatic effect. A barely-stifled yawn quickly broke the atmosphere, but to her credit, Professor Crawford barely missed a beat before seguing into her intended outcome. "We're not sure why," she said brightly, a radiant smile on her face. Groans and clicking tongues quickly became the dominant sound in the room, but Professor Crawford forged on undeterred. "If it makes a human sick, it will kill you," she continued. "Even before we were capable of faster-than-light travel, it was an often repeated phase around civilizations, so much so that we've found evidence of it dating back millennia ago. Imagine that--our ancestors, still carving words on stone, and other races were already utilizing instantaneous communication to talk about us." I raised my hand. Perhaps it was a mistake, considering Professor Crawford's tendency to eagerly espouse her lessons even without any external input. I could feel a few pairs of eyes turn towards me, but I tried to ignore them, mostly unsuccessfully. "What about the recent pandemic? A century ago?" "Ah, that," Professor Crawford pushed up her glasses, nodding knowingly. "It was certainly devastating to our population. We still feel the effect even until today, don't we. Hence, your seating arrangements. And to prevent cheating on your tests, of course." "See," she continued. "Yes, it was a bad pandemic. But it was hardly unprecedented, seeing to our history, and our race survived. If you read the excellent book *The Death of my People*by Jordan Klukx, one of the few surviving members of the Furoskim race, he details the excruciating death tolls of his planet, caused by what we know as the common flu." A well-timed sneeze broke the flow of conversation. Professor Crawford looked disapprovingly past me, and swiftly indicated for the offending person to put on a mask. A muffled 'sorry' was then heard, and we turned back to the teacher. "It's strange, isn't it?" she asked. "Whether it's through our sheer reproductive powers, or some sort of quirk with our immune system, or our general empathy--humans survive and continue. We've just entered year 3020, and if centuries past have taught us anything, it's that we are due for another round of airborne coronavirus soon. You young ones are still in your first hundred or so years, so it likely won't hit you as hard... but spare a thought for us centenarians, eh?" --- r/dexdrafts 