
Another day another one of those bird masked idiots shouting about me being a witch outside my house. I'd love just one morning where I can eat breakfast in peace, it's bad enough that there's no coffee or bacon but hearing those fools scream at the crack of dawn is an awful way to start the day. I can tell tron the smell of lavender that there's already someone waiting for me downstairs, and by the sound of the commotion outside it's someone important. At the bottom of my stairs I'm greeted by an unfamiliar group. A servant in one of those ugly robes the monks wear, an unhappy looking young man in a fresh washed white tunic and brown leggings just a bit too big for his scrawny frame, and a grey haired man wearing a patterned tunic and pants. Clearly they have money but I've never seen them before and before I can ask their names the servant blurts out, "I present Lord Havish and his eldest son Rand!" He gives a slight bow before taking a step back to stand behind his lord. When I ask why they have come to me the lord shoots a look at his servant who hurries out of the room, then he turns to me and tells me, "My son has had an affliction for many days. It began with a fever now he can hardly hold food or drink, he sees demons in his sleep and his body hurts on waking. Our physician has let blood and made him sweat to try and balance his humors. He burned sage and bathed in lavendar. He recited an ancient spell to ward off demons, and gave a tincture of mercury and gold yet nothing has worked. We were told you could help." Normally I would tell them to simply stop doing what their crazy doctor tells them to do and just let the boy drink only clean water and eat only fresh bread but this kid looks like he needs some real help. I wash my hands in the small basin I keep by my table and tell the young man to sit on the table. He can barely hoist himself up his face makes an expression of pain as he let's out a grunt from the effort. I check his lymphnodes and listen to his lungs as he breathes. No fluid in the lungs, no discoloration of the eyes, slightly swollen lymphnodes, this kid has the flu. I tell the lord his son has a disease that no prayer nor smell nor tincture can heal, he gives me the same terrified look everyone does when I say that. I reassure him that I can help, I give the boy some chamomile tea and some fresh bread and tell his father to leave him with me for a few days so I can work on him undisturbed. His father thanks me and hands me a bag of gold coins as I show him to the door. The "doctor" outside is screaming at him that I will surely kill his son. A week of actual hygene, eating fresh food, drinking clean water, and not subjecting him to the poison and torture of the morons that pass for doctors will have this kid back to normal. I tell the young man to change into some clean clothes that I have upstairs and I put him to bed with a pitcher of clean water close by. I shudder to think what would have happened to this poor soul had the tales of my "miracle healings" not become famous around here. Edit: Sorry about the formatting I'm on mobile. 