
There he was, just like he had never left. My mouth dropped open at the sight of his golden fur that faded to grey around his nose. He was lazily laying on the porch just like he would 10 years ago. Damn, it's like he never really left. When he saw me, he sat up, tail wagging like he always did. This time, however, instead of hopping up and dashing to greet me, he gently turned around and delicately picked up a book. I felt a pull, urging me to meet him. "Hey, buddy!" I called to him. He lifted his head as if to motion me to join him. "It's been a long time, I thought you were... Well, never mind that." He gently place the book on the ground in front of him. Goldens are always so gentle. "It has been too long," he sighed, "I thought we might not see each other again, but here we are!" My jaw must have been hanging lower than the Marianas Trench, I was so shocked. I couldn't say anything. After a long silence, he said, "C'mon, I have a lot to show you." He nosed open the book. It was filled with pictures. Fields of flowers, mountaintops, cities... He must have sniffed every inch of this world with how many pictures there were, each featuring an overjoyed golden dog. "Paris was my favorite. I don't know why, but there was something special about chasing the pigeons around the Eiffel Tower." He stared at the page. A large picture of my pal snapping at birds was taking up the whole page. "It wasn't my best moment, nor the most fun, but it was the most memorable. Boy was it lonely, though. I'm happy to see you home." "Me?! You're finally back! I missed you so much! Where did you go first?" I asked, flipping through the book. This thing was enormous and seemed to go on forever. "I had to go to the vet first to get my shots. Humans have to too before traveling, right?" I felt his tail thud twice on the ground. It didn't seem like a pleasant memory for him. "I then went to a huge field filled with flowers." The next page of the scrapbook had a silhouetted picture of a dog form surrounded by amazing color. "I just kept gong from there." I kept turning pages and questions started flowing into my head, but there were only two that mattered to me: "How...Why?" I asked. "I was waiting..." His voice trailed off and he almost looked sad. "For what?" "Family. Here you are, but I thought I'd see Mom first." "Huh? Mom should be home already." I said. I stood up and opened the door. The house was perfect. Either Mom skipped work to clean or something's wrong. "What's going on?" I asked of my golden standing behind me. "She probably won't be home for a long time. I waited 10 years for you, but I hope we have to wait longer for Mom." He walked up beside me. "What would you like to do in the meantime?" I felt like I was dreaming. "Are we..." I couldn't even finish the question; the tightness in my throat wouldn't let me. "C'mon, let me show you Paris." He said, turning around. I followed him out the door, suddenly standing in the middle of fleeing pigeons. There was something special about it. Edit: proofreading. 