
A split-lip sunset bleeds over the horizon. I feel the last of the warmth on my face, trickling over my scars, over my broken nose. I don't hear it approach, but a rust-red bus blots out the sun, lurching to a halt in front of me. The door squeals as it pulls open. With an aching sigh, I shrug my bag onto my shoulder and step inside. The bus driver casts me a sympathetic smile. "Not another fight, Joe? I thought you'd retired?!" A laugh rises from my belly, but only as far as my adam's-apple. "I retire every Saturday, Carl. You know that." He nods and the doors hiss shut like a snake on its last legs -- so to speak. "You need to start a pension pot." I find an empty seat near the back and watch the city pass, as a beaten-up reflection watches me. It's almost judgemental. The way its eyes stares back at me. Into me. *Why you still doing this to yourself?* --- "Round three," says Leroy. "Our boy here"--he nods at my opponent, all two hundred and ten pounds of him--"gives you a hard right and you go to the mat. You go any sooner than that, and..." He doesn't finish. Doesn't need to. He means I don't get paid and I get a visit some night from Leroy's friends. I glance at my right thumb and wince thinking about last time. It's hard not to fall early when your opponent takes a cheap jab at the side of your head when you're walking back to your corner. I stick my hand out, offering it to my opponent. Eli snorts dismissively. I lower my hand. I know what he's thinking. What he thinks of me. He's undefeated. I've not had a win in... I can't even remember. I take money and I take hits. It's what I do, at least these days. I just take punishment. Eli, on the other hand, is destined to be champion. It's his fate -- as written by men with briefcases full of cash. I nod at him, understanding, and head to the back to get ready. Number 72. That's my locker. Always has been. It's painted green and almost as beat up as me. It distorts my reflection. Almost fixes my nose like a fun-fair mirror. *Why you still doing this to yourself?* Same question I asked myself on the bus. I shrug, as if I owe my own thoughts an answer. "Guess I was an asshole in a past life." I swing the door open and take out my shorts. My body aches as I bend to put them on. *You've done this a hundred times before* I knock the side of my head, trying to thump out the thoughts. Don't need no distractions right now. *A hundred* I grimace. "Yeah? And I'll do it a hundred more times! Got to pay the rent, you know?" *Not the fights* I frown. I've taken one too many hits. Arguing with myself now. *Not the fights,* it repeats. I repeat. *These lives. Penances. It's time to go home.* For a second, I feel pricks around my skull, as if needles have been stuck into it from every direction. My palms. My feet. Then, just like that, the pain is gone. I slam the locker shut and walk away. --- Eli towers over me. The bell rings for the third. Blood dribbles into my mouth, salty and sweet. He dances around me like a kid. Hell, he is a kid. Just... Frankenstein's kid. Or the monster's kid? I never get it right. The crowd chants his name. They know how this fight will end, even if they're not privy to the script. The punch arrives like a freight train. It pushes my gloved hands apart and impacts heavily against my nose. I think this is where I'm meant to fall. But I don't... His glove lands on my nose again. "Maybe that'll fix it for you, old man," he spits beneath his breath. I stagger back. I know he doesn't mean it. He's just been bred to be the next big thing. Believes he is. Got to forgive a kid for that. He comes again, a flurry of fists. I backpedal to the corner. I'm already dizzy... but for some reason I'm still standing. "Go down," he spits. Whispers. Angry voice. Another fist connects with my left temple. Fall, I tell myself. *You've fallen enough. It's time.* Eli is getting frantic. He looks at his coach. His coach shrugs. I don't even mean to. Eli comes charging like a bull. The crowd bays for more blood. For my blood. And I want to give it to them. It's my job to. But... My arm pulls backwards, as if out of my control. Then forward. There's a crack as Eli goes down. A hushed silence. My cheeks are glowing. The crowd burst into a furious roar. They chant my name. They've been lost without me. I've been gone so long. Something starts to click. 