
"You're up next", the man in grey said while opening the entrance into the arena. Well he wasn't exactly a man with those two wings sprouting from his back. Not like I was surprised. There were dozens of them lining up outside as I entered the stadium, along with several other kinds of people. I saw some guys with metal body parts, tentacles for arms, and some even had some plants growing at the top of their heads. They were the ones who stood out to me the most oddly enough, because I didn't expect to see something that normal yet strange. As the vehicle (I literally have no idea what I rode to the stadium back then; I guess it was some sort of hovercar with a glass floor, no way that thing was able to propel itself) passed by the crowd, I saw one of them throw a water bottle to a random spot in the crowd. "Thanks Kine!" I heard someone shout from the back. "I thought you would need it, don't worry about it!" Kine said. How would he possibly know that? "Buddy it's time to go." The angel like man caressed me with his wings. I was told that it was a common gesture among them, and that I shouldn't comment. I entered the arena. The announcer went straight to the point. "From the human race, who honed his skills from many of their fighting styles for 30 years, welcome Sao Willow! And everyone knows his opponent, the undefeated peat champion from the Plantae race, Inio! Simple rules, first one to be unable to continue fighting loses!" But enough of that, begin!" I eyed my opponent. He was roughly around my height, with pale skin. Some sort of flower was blossoming from his forehead, pointing at me. He kept squinting at me, like he was trying to force a secret out of me. Then he relaxed. Thoughts were running through my mind about taking the initiative, when suddenly he rushed towards me. I had no time to think, and subconsciously raised up my arm to block his hammer strike. For some reason, he had a shocked look on his face for a moment and jumped back. I was also confused. Why was he surprised? Like he didn't expect an experienced fighter to automatically raise up an arm to defend. Thoughts ran through my head. Then I suddenly remembered Kine and the water bottle. It was then I knew, although it was just a mere hypothesis, a mere guess back then. I cleared my head. He tried to rush towards me again. I dodged right from the axe kick he smashed the floor with and half moon kicked his open face. He staggered, and the stadium was silent. "You are the first opponent I can't read." What's your secret?" He asked me. "Ever heard of muscle memory?" I asked in reply. "I don't need to think for certain actions, my body knows how to do it on its own." He paled even more. "Well then, I'll just move faster than your body can comprehend then!" He exclaimed, suddenly going for a straight punch to the face at a superhuman speed. It got me good in the mouth. My face bled. The audience cheered. Inio suddenly disappeared into a blur, nowhere to be seen. Which meant one thing. I instinctively looked behind me and immediately kicked where I expected him to be. I felt my foot make contact. He staggered, lowering his head. Without thinking too much about it, I axed kicked his head to the floor. Everyone was silent, looking at Inio to see if he would get up. He didn't get up. 