
Firey tricks for dear friends -WardogWhiskey &#x200B; For thousands of years I have walked this earth. The progress of humans had always astounded me. I am a dragon, I have no need for such advancements, but they sure do make life more... vivid. The tales you have heard of dragons are not very accurate. Yes we hoard treasure, yes we breathe fire, but we are not the beasts we have been out to be. Our pre-adolescent phases can be... volatile... but during my long life, I have seen much more terrifying human children. Few dragons exist, and we are able to transform between our reptilian forms, and our choice of human appearances. Our ability to change what we look like in our human bodies lets us live human lives much easier and safer. I have called many a man and beast my "friend." I have outlived all of them... so far. My friends of this life-time are very good ones, friends that strike me as special and stand out among the countless others. They treat me well, they are open with me, I can sense their true intentions and feelings. They are genuine in the things they do. As a dragon, I do have my hoard of riches, it is very secretive and something that not one other soul has laid eyes upon... and lived. My hoard is almost like a piece of me, it's not just wealth. I do use it to survive in this modern day human life, but sparingly. One piece of my ancient gold seems to have an astounding conversion rate with human currency. I live modestly, but comfortably. My friends are what make this human life-time more than average. One of our favorite things to do as a group is to go to a tavern. More commonly referred to as a "bar" in these times. Though the drink does take a toll on humans, it is nothing to me. It is quite enjoyable, and it helps fuel my fire. Once the drink takes a hold on me, my friends always demand my signature trick. I carry a box of matches with me to avoid suspicion when performing such a trick. I consume a small glass of highly concentrated drink, strike a match, put the flaming end into my mouth, and release a small puff of my fire. The match is only for show. My beloved friends do quite enjoy this, and it delights me to bring them such happiness and amazement. For during my short and ever fleeting time with this band of beings that are ever so important to me, I will ensure their pleasure in my company. It is the least I can do for their extraordinary kindness. &#x200B; &#x200B; I hope you guys enjoy this, I am an amateur and love writing for fun. Let me know if there are things to improve on, this was a kind of quick writing. It's very late, I'm tired, but I just had a moment of inspiration by this awesome prompt. 