
I had lived a very long life and was willing to accept whatever was coming for me when I got to the end. had lived through many wars and peaceful times. I had moved to America, met the love of my life and had three children. I felt like in the end my good had balanced out the bad in my life, and I had ended up neither ahead nor behind. My three children were adults, my wife had died two years ago, and the cat we had shared passed about a week ago. It was the right time for me to die as well, so I was glad when I felt that pang in my chest. A heart attack. I was smiling before I fell to the ground. When I awoke the next time ready for what was to come to pass, purgatory, I was shocked to see two beings, God and Satan. I had not thought I had ever done anything good or bad enough respectively to see either of these men. I had been somewhere in between. "Mr. Brown, we are here to determine where you belong. This is the judgment for your soul," God announced. "What are you talking about? I didn't do anything to deserve either of the two of you. I'm going to purgatory, right?" "You were a good man. You could come to Heaven for everything that you did." "Like what?" "Your eldest son is a leading biologist. He is about to invent a new technology that will create new tissues that can heal just about anyone." "That's not something that I did, though. I am his father." "You gave him inspiration and nourished his love of science which helped make him into the man he is." "I am not that good." At this point, Satan just scoffed. "No, Mr. Brown, you are not. For all that my colleague says about you helping develop such talent, you also developed badness. Do you remember back when you were living in South Africa? You did not say anything as your neighbors were getting arrested. You did nothing when your friends were getting beaten by the secret police. You did nothing when your country was being radicalized." "I was an impartial bystander." "That's not right, Mr. Brown. You must have an opinion. You should have picked a side. Instead, you sat aside as this was all happening." "I was a young man. I did not know what I could do. Since then, I have been trying to make it right." "That's why we are having this conversation, Mr. Brown. You have made amends to your errors of your youth. You have gone above and beyond that, developing some great charities," God commented. "If you two are having such a problem classifying me, just put me in godforsaken purgatory," I shouted. These two were having an argument that I felt was completely unnecessary. I just wanted to be with my wife once again. "Purgatory is overrun, and we have made a decision that everyone must go to either heaven or hell," Satan said. "You are somewhere in the middle, and we cannot decide where you are to go." I thought about this for a moment. What I did not tell them was that the reason I wanted to go to purgatory was because that was where I assumed my wife was. If I was going to be somewhere eternally, I wanted to be there with her. She was the reason I had not taken my last rites or kept up with my confessions, as I had in my earlier years. I had expected to die before her and be waiting in the Terraces of Purgatory. Little had I known that I was too healthy for that...somehow. "I guess I'd rather go to Heaven, if that's an option," I noted. That seemed the most logical. "It's not that simple," God said. "We have to ensure that you have done enough to belong there." "Besides, I don't think you realize, Mr. Brown, your wife is down in hell with me," Satan smiled wickedly as he was speaking. This being was a conniving trickster, and he probably expected me to change my mind. That being said, I did not know where they would have placed my wife. She had not been the most religious, but overall she had been a good woman overall. "I guess I will join you in Hell then, with my wife." At this, God smiled while Satan gave a disgusted look at me. He had expected me to say that I wanted to go to Heaven still and its pearly gates. "Heaven suits both you and her well." -- I really liked the prompt. It probably has not been done, but whatever. For the casual writer like me, that's usually the best. 