
I was dying in the middle of nowhere. Well, I guess that idiom makes no sense, the more I think about it. You can't be *nowhere*, right? No matter where you are, you're somewhere, even if it's a somewhere that specializes in a whole lot of nothing. That's the more accurate description, I suppose, though it doesn't have the same ring to it. I was dying in a thinning forest of waning autumn, like the trees and sky around me. A place with a lot of leaves, bushes, and most notably: nothing. Aside from the ghost who was chilling with me. Not really sure when he showed up, but it was sometime after I popped that little blue pill. "Odd place to die," he said to me, taking form as swirling dirt and bits of leaf, the way an invisible man in a storm might. I didn't bother questioning his manifestation. "I would know." "Odd place to be dead." He walked, or perhaps floated, toward me. "Touche. So, what brings you all the way out here, in the middle of nowhere?" "We're somewhere, aren't we?" I chuckled weakly. Something was definitely dragging me down, like gravity had been turned up or I'd hardened to stone. Time itself seemed to sag. "True enough." He sat next to me, like the living memory of a man who once camped in those parts. "But why here? So remote." "I've always liked nature" -- I slumped a little, sighing deeply and looking to a sky speckled with auburn leaves -- "and never really liked people. Turns out being a loner with stage four lymphoma is not a blast. I throw a pity party and no one else shows up." "So you're choosing your own way out?" "Yeah, something like that." I drew out a blink, taking in the musty scent of cedarwood and mud. "Having a smidge of control makes me feel like it's not the end of the world. Better to go peacefully, rather than wait for the worst to come. Besides, it's a nice place to end." "That it is. I wouldn't have wanted to go in any other setting. I guess we have that in common, at least." I turned to the odd spirit, so serene despite appearing as a tornado. "I would've never guessed someone else had died around here." "Friend, there's not a place on Earth that someone or something hasn't died. Death is like the air that settles around us, hugging the planet and its little creatures as they pass through." "Are you here to save me, then? Stop it from happening with some kind of fate-power because there's still *so much left to do*?" He shook his swirling, sedimentary head. "It's not the dead's place to interfere with such matters, even if I could save you. "No, I'm just here so you're not alone. And it's nice, because for a little while... I won't be, either." I smiled. "Who knows? Maybe we'll get to hang out once it's over. Drift around the woods, in a somewhere between here and nowhere." "I'd like that." */r/resonatingfury* 