
Sarah often wondered why her. Why had her Father chosen her? It was wrong, is what it was. Not only was Sarah a girl, she was the youngest child. The throne should rightfully have gone to the eldest son, Henry, not the youngest, and certainly not a girl. The young queen-to-be had protested, of course. All the way to their Father's death, she had argued not to name her heir. Even after he had done the deed, she had protested. But, it had been done. She had been named queen, and that was that. All she could do was make the best of it. And that meant she would have to work with her two older brothers. That would help to silence the many protestors amongst the nobility. Sarah headed through the cold stone halls of the palace to Henry's bedroom. She would have to liven them up a bit. A bit of color never hurt anyone. Not using taxpayer coin, of course. That would be unreasonable. No, taxes were for the good of the kingdom, not decoration. She could pay for a few good rugs with her personal money once she had established her rule. The door to Henry's bedroom was slightly open, and Sarah went to knock. But she paused. She could hear both Henry, and her other brother, Edward, talking in voices that were probably louder than they intended. "So, we're agreed." Henry was saying. "We kill Sarah and split the kingdom." "Yup." Sarah suppressed a gasp by clasping a hand over her mouth. Murder? By her own brothers? She would have to deal with that. But not by exececution, no. That would not do. It would be better to make them see the light and work with her, even if that would be more difficult overall. "So, how're we going to do it?" Edward asked. "I say we just stab her and get it over with." Stabbing? Effective, yes, but short sighted. A few knife would could be survived long enough to leave a message, albeit a short one. "Nah, too messy." Henry said. "I say we push he down the tower stairs." That...that was just terrible. Only watchmen went into the towers. She had no reason to go up there. Plus, Sarah was fairly light on her feet. It would be easy enough to right herself mid fall. "How about we poison her?" Edward suggested. There. Finally, a sensible method. Poison was good, clean and effective. Well, depending on what type of poison they used. "Maybe, maybe. We can always get our hands on some soap and stick it in her food." Soap, really? Soap? Sarah was tempted to barge in and help her brothers plan her own murder. If they were really planning on using soap to poison her, they needed the help. "Yeah, yeah. Nobody'd suspect that." Everyone would suspect. Soap was the most obvious thing in the world. Really, they should just hire an assassin and be done with it. "Great, so now we have our plan." Henry said proudly. "We'll slip some soap shavings into her meal." "Great. Then what?" "Well, then we split the country so we can both be Kings. And then we spend the rest of our days having fun. Being king is the easiest job in the world. You tell someone what to do, and they do it." "Yeah. That does sound nice." Sarah sighed and walked away. It suddenly made a lot more sense why Father had chosen her to be Queen. 