
(I know my numbers aren't correct but I'm too lazy to look 'em up at the moment, so if you have 'em, hit me with 'em. Also, this is a *very* rough draft. Apologies.) 12:31 AM. Saturday. 23rd of December, 12017 Holocene Era. Elon Musk's SoCal mansion. The ceiling fan provides something to focus on in the silence. He has long since disabled the notifications on his phone. Laid down on his king sized bed, gentle shadows from the venetian blinds fall across Elon's face as he stares out the window at his most recent advancement on the path back to his home planet. He knows they are watching, and he knows they are proud. c. 200 BC - Coastal India. The Elonians have long had their eyes on planets like Earth, one of the more promising targets, and they've finally decided to pull the trigger. The Device warps their colony ship to Low Earth Orbit and the single colonist child, Musk, is launched down to the surface. The evening sky turns to day as his ship burns through reentry. The impact destroyed half of an entire village. Out from the massive capsule emerged Musk of the planet Elon. In his form on arrival, he took shape of the average Elonian. As large as an elephant. Purple, tentacled. The people of that village saw him as a deity, arriving on a ball of fire. However, Musk did not anticipate that this planet was already being lived on. No one on planet Elon had the faintest idea it was being lived on. Musk, being the youngling he was, he had not yet learned how to shapeshift, and disappeared to the mountains for centuries, wondering what to do. He could not continue with colonization, as this planet was already inhabited. He had no means of returning to Planet Elon. This seemed like it was it for him. Until it hit him. He spent centuries in the mountains, perfecting the art of shapeshifting. Tesla was just the beginning. Something of a gift from his advanced species to the people of earth. Of course, on his planet, that technology had been around for the past millennium. Any ten year old boy on Planet Elon could have built a Tesla. But Musk, now known by his 'humanized' name, Elon Musk, learned very quickly that he could use primitive examples of his planet's age old tech to find his way back to his home planet. Not directly, but through Earth's technology. Elon Musk built an empire on Tesla. All the money, invested in one place or another, trailed back to his initial goal. Getting back to Elon. The emissions from the Iridium launch begin to dissipate. For a brief moment, under the light of his creation, Musk, of the planet Elon, felt at home here on Earth. But he knew his people were waiting for him. And he had a long way to go. 