
Peas...carrots...potatoes...I looked up from my list at the onions laid at in an incline. I've never really used onions much in my cooking, so I'm not sure what to look for in a 'good' onion. I wrapped my long, bony fingers around it and squeezed gently. I brought it up to my nose and sniffed it. Yup, I was holding an onion. I turned it over and looked for any spots or bruises and, when I found none, dropped it into my basket. As I turned from the onions to make my way to the meat department, I saw a familiar face. The rest of the shoppers didn't seem to recognize him, but I'd been punched in the face enough times by him to know ego and what he was. I turned around as inconspicuously as I could, figuring I could go through the front of the store, rather than back, when I heard a strong voice say, "Hey!". I closed my eyes with a sigh and turned back around. When I opened my eyes again, I saw his hand going up to the necklace around his neck. "Dude, hang on. I," I sighed again, not wanting to do this, "Can we not, today? I'm just trying to make a stew." I tipped my basket toward him, revealing the vegetables and spices inside. He eyed me suspiciously, I could feel the tension in his body like a tight spring, his hand halfway to necklace,, his other hand clenched into a fist, his feet planted. "Seriously, TJ," I said, addressing him by his superhero initials, "I've been wanting to try this recipe for a while, and this is the first time I've had the time to do it right." After a pause, "What type of stew?" "An old-fashioned beef stew." "Do you not have a slow cooker?" "Yeah, but I'm trying to get into cooking, so I want to spend some time over the stove." He stepped forward, resting his hand on his necklace as he bent over slightly to look into my basket. "Are you not going to get celery?" I looked down at my list and rolled my eyes, "Yes, it turns out that I am. Thanks, man." I walked over and picked up a pack of organic celery. As I walked back to TJ, I peeked into his basket, which contained a five-pound bag of potatoes. "What are you making?" "Steak and potatoes." "I don't think it is, but that feels a little cliche." He smirked and we turned toward the meat section. "Why do you say that?" "You're a big, muscle dude, heroic and very American. It seems like a meal you would eat." He laughed a deep-chest laugh. "Yeah, that's fair. Lots of proteins and starches. I...work out quite a bit." "You know, that's something I've always wondered. Do you need to work out? A part of me always assumed that you were just...cut." "That's partly true. I've always been muscular, and if I were to stop working out, I would still be stronger than everyone else, but I wouldn't have the definition. And uniforms are a damned process to make." I stopped, starting at him in disbelief. "You make your own uniform?" "Yeah, you don't?" "Well yeah, but," I ran my hands down my front. We reached the meat department, I picked my two packs of stew meat and he picked up two t-bones. "It's a two-fold thing. The first, obviously, is that it limits the number of people involved in my...profession. Secondly, it's an exercise in discipline. I have to sit down for hours at a time, be still and run thread, over and over again." "That makes sense." We walked through the store, picking up a few more things, butter, flour and other spices he needed. We chatted about some of the recipes I'd been trying lately, Chicken Parmesan, Sushi and Lamb Chops. He talked about his routine (giving no specifics, of course). Standing in line, as he paid for his groceries, he asked, "So, what's your next bit plan?" I opened my mouth, and then closed it again. He looked at me with a smirk. "Nice try, TJ." He shrugged, still smiling, took his receipt from the cashier and said, "I'll see you out there." "Not unless I see you first." 