
"I'm not supposed to do this, but you have to go inside right now", Dog said, looking off into the distance. "They are coming to get you." Edward didn't move while his brain took its time to go through all the different problems it was processing at that moment. Dog turned around and snarled at him impatiently. "Come," he muttered and grabbed Edwards hand between his teeth. Meanwhile Edwards brain woke up from its stasis and decided to start working through the smaller issues first. "But... there is no one coming", he muttered insecurely, looking in the direction Dog was staring at before. As an answer Dog tightened his grip and started to drag him inside. Around the familiarity of his own home Edward seemed to wake up from his trance and pulled his hand out of Dogs mouth. "Ouch!" Edward yelped. He yanked his hand back and jumped away from his dog. Waving a freaked-out look around, he tried to grap the next thing he could use as a weapon. While holding a small kitchen radio between himself and Dog he muttered, "No... who... are you?" "Hrrr....Dog" "Dog..." "Yes, the one and only. The one you didn't even bother to give a proper name to.", he said trying to sound offended. "Oh... I'm sorry, I didn't.... Hey wait. We are talking about you here...", Edward said and continued muttering to himself. "We are .... talking?", he looked at Dog. "Why are we talking? To each other I mean?" Dog blinked at him with an exaggerated quizzed look. "I mean. Why Are You Talking?", Edward continued. "Ah yes, that", Dog sighed. "Just deal with it, ok? I don't have time to walk you through all of this. Just know, I love you and you are my best friend. Now, follow me." Edward heard Dogs nails clicking over the floor as he darted through the living room into the kitchen. His gaze still on the backyard, in a loud voice Edward pronounced, "But there is nobody there." It was getting dark alright, but he could still see all of the neighbors pasture and there was absolutely no one there. Edward made a little jump when Dog was inside the living room again and announcing in an annoyed voice: "Look, you have to trust me on this. I can't see outside the window from down here, but I can smell that they are coming nearer. Get yourself together and follow me." He lead the way to the kitchen. "I don't know, all I can smell are the neighbors cows, standing at our fence." Dog stopped and turned around. "So you DO see them." **Ok, after lurking for so long and fearing to write in an other language, I finally overcame my doubts and wrote my first english story** Please give me critique, tips and feedback. Thanks for reading. :) 