
Juliet lay silent, forcing herself to control her breathing. Gently. Slowly. She had to calm down. It wasn't meant to have happened like this. Whether the King annexed Tushesh or not, it wasn't her decision. It had just been her idea. A good idea too, as it would provide much needed access to the East-Sea, and open the trade routes with the bearded men of Asnar. And much more, besides. > Juliet felt something against her back. It was like someone had shoved her hard, and she almost fell as she stumbled forward. There were, as expected, many opponents to the idea. The Tushesh fundamentalists, of course. They believed their tiny kingdom had the right to autonomous self-sovereignty. That was incorrect. No one had a given right to anything. *Steel*. The blades and the people who wielded them, that was what gave kingdoms their right. > She turned. Behind her was only the distant tree-line of the Elder Forest. No person, that she could see. > A glimmer near her feet caught her eye. She looked down to see an object shining orange, reflecting the evening sun. > The arrow lay flat on the grass, harmlessly. Innocently. There were others that opposed it, too. People from within their own kingdom, who didn't believe that it was right to take land from other countries just for personal gain. Those too, who thought that holding onto the country would be an impossibility if the people of Tushesh did not want it. There would forever be resistance. Infighting. Violence. And how much money would it take to quell them? These people, she knew, had a point. > The man stepped out of the trees, his hands by his side. He had dark skin and blue eyes and Juliet was certain he was foreign. There was a bow strapped over his back. > "Who are you?" Juliet shouted. "Did you... Why didn't it hurt me?" > "I can't hurt you," replied the man. He stared into her eyes as he approached. He looked sad. Pained, in fact. More pained than anyone she had ever seen. > Juliet swallowed. "You mean..." She'd heard stories but... it couldn't be real. Yes, the people would resist. So Juliet suggested razing the cites of Tushesh completely. And its people. There would be no resistance, that way. Just new hills, here and there, where secrets would lie beneath. Never whispering. Never telling, of what they hid. The legislation she carried only needed a signature. > Juliet struggled against her bindings as the man dug silently into the ground with broken branches and stones. > The forest floor was hard from the winter, but his progress was steady. The earth slowly opened its mouth, ready to swallow her. >"Please," she wanted to say. "Please." But her cries were muffled. It was so dark. And her chest was so heavy. She could hear the paper in her pocket rustling with each laboured breath, as if it too struggled for air. How long has she been here for now? An hour? A day? Surely he'd come back for her. They were soulmates, after all. What could be more important than fate? 