
Smith's face spoke for itself. I've seen that bastard grow from a shy, well-mannered boy in his first day of work, to a disgusting bastard of an officer. He eyed me from behind the bars as he fumbled for the keys. Not a word came out of his vile mouth. "That's the face you give me? After all this time?" I said, grinning. "You will be here again, and they will give you an eternity," Smith said and the door creaked open. "Fucking monster." "There we go. That's what I expected to hear." I stood up and stretched, careful of not rubbing my elbows against the walls. This trash of a human had placed me in the narrowest piece of space he had found. I didn't even have a bed, only a rotting toilet. "You know, I can't judge you," I said as I walked toward him. "This place changed you. You weren't such a prick before." "Turn around." "The usual? Extra tight?" I said, and obliged. He put on the handcuffs tight enough that my blood wouldn't circulate to my hands. "I got them made for you," Smith said, as he nudged me with his truncheon. "You call me a monster, a prick. Have you forgotten your crime?" "My crime?" I said, smirking. "I didn't commit any crime. I painted a masterpiece. One that you will never understand, nor the ignorant peasants that got me arrested." A sharp, yet familiar pain flared in the back of my head. It was the cold, hard hit of a truncheon impulsed by a wrathful man. I struck the floor with my face, as I couldn't use my hands. Soon, I felt the pressure of his worn-out boot against my temple. "You skinned five people alive," Smith yelled through gritted teeth, and stomped my face. One. Two. Three times. "And I built a great canvas, which I painted with their blood," I said, smirking. "Smith, have you seen it? Have you seen what the end product was?" "Shut the fuck up." He hauled me back on my feet. "Walk." "I painted a crown, and used their organs as jewels," I said as he opened a door toward a corridor which I had only walked once--the day I entered. "They were messing with the king's head. "They called themselves their councelors, but they were nothing but wicked, manipulative bastards. I decided kill two birds with one stone. I tortured them until they couldn't scream anymore, and then I turned them into a message. One the king couldn't ignore." I burst into laughter. How precious that moment had been. They yelps, the gore, the amalgamation of skin, fire and blood. Smith simple nudged me forward. He refused to speak. We crossed another door. The exit was there, filled with guards with downcast eyes.They were afraid like little children witnessing a nightmare. There was a click, and the blood started to circulate again. The handcuffs were gone. I turned and stretched my hand to Smith. He glared at it and walked back toward the corridor. "I would take it, Smith," I said. "I feel like painting lately, and you will make a fine canvas." Smith froze in place, but I walked away. He made the last century a living hell. Now it was my turn to have some fun. -------------------------------------------------------- /r/therobertfall For more stories 