
Everyone came out of the jury's chamber for the sentencing. Guilty, of course. We didn't have much of a choice. The evidence mounting against him was overwhelming. I was actually annoyed I had had to take off time today to be jury for such a simple case. Jay Kleiner was a murderer of the lowest order. A murderer of children. And of policemen. And of doctors. The golden trifecta. I was disgusted just watching him, seeming so smug and cheerful. So why was my compass saying that he was the the most decent human being in the room? The compass had been a gift from my grandmother. She had given it to me just before she was executed. She had said, "Isaac, this compass shows who the best person around you. Always make sure to only associate with those people." That hadn't been hard, since it almost always pointed at me. Occasionally it moved, and I would try to find out who it was. But in recent years, it had only pointed at me. I don't know if that made me feel good or nervous. And now it was pointing at a murderer. Why? Was it broken? The judge passed down the verdict. "For these crimes, you are sentenced to death by lethal injection. The sentence is to be carried out immediately. May God have mercy on your soul." Kleiner didn't flinch. He had to have known this was coming. He was guilty. They were all guilty. He just smirked and said, "My soul doesn't need any mercy." A hooded man entered with the needle. But first, a Forgiver came forward, as per Protocol VI. He placed the camera in front of Kleiner and said loudly, "Do you, Jay Kleiner, regret your crime?" "No." "Then you are forgive-What?" Someone behind me gasped. If you didn't play this part right then they would take it out on your family. But he just kept right on talking to the crowd. Maybe he just didn't care anymore. He didn't bother talking to the camera. Everyone knew the footage would later be edited for the good of the people. He spoke to us. My compass went wild. "I have not committed a crime. I have nothing to apologise for. Those people had it coming. Would have been nice if you allowed me to defend myself **before** I was pronounced guilty, though." A hushed whisper started spreading through the courtroom. The judge shouted, "Silence, Mr. Kleiner!" His grin wouldn't let up. "Or what, you'll hold me in contempt? I'm not going to apologise for destroying your sick euthanization den, and slaughtering your mad scientists. How long did you think people would stand idly by? Forever? Not gonna happen." Pandemonium erupted. The judge pounded his gavel to no avail, then shouted, "Carry out the execution! Now!" He seemed panicked. He probably was. Even a judge could wake up one night with a knock on the door, and never be seen again. Kleiner was grabbed by two burly soldiers. He didn't resist. He just kept talking, raising his voice to a shout, to be heard above the hubbub. "I did not kill those children! I weep for the ones I wasn't able to save! I weep because you killed them! But most of them got away. They're with my people right now! And you'll never find them. Not until the fall of this tyrannical empire! Down with the Gravian Empire! Up with the revolutionnnnnn........" The cry died on his lips. The executioner had just injected him. 500 milligrams of Hydrogen Cyanide was already coursing through his body. But somehow he found the strength to utter one last sentence. "Someone will always do the right thiiing." No more. He was silent. The compass slowly turned back around to point at me. And I finally knew what that meant. I joined the revolution the very next day. 