
"I wouldn't do that, if I were you." "Why not?" "Because it won't work." "Pah! You were the most powerful wizard! Even your bones are still powerful enough to break this stupid fire spell!" "Although I appreciate your absolutely adequate estimation of my abilities- I am telling you, it won't work in this case. It-" "You are just jealous because I will free the princess and you will have to share me with her soon!" "Pfff! As if! I am Albazar! The mightiest wizart to ever exist! I don't need the companionship of some lousy third grade knight from a cabbage farm!" "It was a carrot farm and I was the best in my year! My honor demands that I will rescue the princess!" "But why settle for the princess, if you can have the entire kingdom! We all know the princess' dumb brother will inherit the throne. All that will be left for you when you marry that girl, *if* you marry her- there are other mighty knights out there. Let's not forget that- is a lazy life with no real power or control in the shadow some other idiot." "What is so wrong with that?" "Arrgh! Why do I always get stuck with the unambitious ones!" "I am not unam-unamb... whatever you just said! I am a great hero of this land! I serve my king proudly!" "Sure, sure but you could be so much more. Imagine, my simple friend, what it would be like to rule this land! To call the shots and to do whatever you want!" "I just want a warm place by the fire and enough money to build my own farm. So let's go and do our holy duty and rescue this poor damsel in distress!" "Alright, alright! Looks like I can't convince you to not be a dumb princess-rescuing-mr-goody-goody. So before you do go off killing yourself, could you please put me on that rock over there?" "What for?" "Well... I would have a much better view of you screaming and burning from there." "But will your powers still reach all the way over there?" "Sure. Why not?" "Ok.... AAAAHHHH! Hot! Why does it burn? AHHHH.." "Tja... another one bites the dust..." "What is this?" "Hello, my new best friend!" "What the-?" "No reason to drop me! I am but a friendly old pile of magical bones. Wanna be my friend?" "Er..." "I have great magical powers and can help you to riches and fame..." "Riches you say?" "Indeed! With my help, you could become a great man! A man, people will sing about in the eons to come! What do you say, lad? Wanna give it a shot?" "I have been down on my luck lately...I could use some riches..." "And I can help you with that!" "How are you gonna make me rich?" "O that will be entirely up to you and your own personal style. I could help you become a famous beast slayer or a well off baron... but I could also help you become the future king of this land..." "King? Me? ... I certainly would like a crown..." "Now, that's the spirit! Let me help you and you will become the next legendary king of this land!" "Alright, you old pile of dry bones! I have nothing to lose, so let's see what you can do... just one more question." "Yes?" "How did you end up here on that rock by the never dying flames?" "Well, that is an excellent question my new best friend and brings me right to rule number one: My bones are so powerful, they can cancel any other wizard's powers! Pretty neat, huh? Problem is, they cannot cancel my own spell... would be kinda counterproductive..." "I see... and that pile of ashes over there?" "My last 'friend'... but he was dumb and lacked the right attitude. Wanted to be a lousy potato farmer. Had no backbone or brain for that matter. But you my friend, you are different! You are *made* to be a king! I can tell! You got wits about you! A spine and a good portion of ambition!" "That I do! Alright! Let's go and take over this kingdom!" "Finally!" 