
"C'Mon, Sam. Do you really have to take that thing? I don't want us to get in trouble because someone thinks that you're carrying around a weapon." My brother paid my worries no mind, instead swinging the staff around poorly, and yet with vigor, as though he were a young man training in a keep at some castle for the first time. It was a knurled wooden stick, about four feet long, with a twisted cage of cobalt-colored wood at the top. "It'll be fine, bro, don't worry! I'll protect us from anything." The more I watched him move, the surer I was that he was making the staff dance up and not inspired by something real. I sighed, pinching the bridge of my nose and squeezing. "Look, Sam, I know that you're just trying to have some fun, but other people might not see it that way. I just don't want us to run into trouble or have someone get worried and called the police." "Please, Mark? Please? *Please*? Come on, don't be like that!" The last of his words melted into a screech that stung my ears. "Okay! Alright, damn, fine." I waved a hand at him, squeezing my eyes shut for a moment before turning to the door. " let's just get going before it gets too late. I don't want us to be out too much past dark. You've got school tomorrow." He grinned a set of crooked teeth at me, then followed to the car. -------- It's not easy to carry a staff around a crowded town center at six in the evening. Thousand of people bustled and swirled in the square, walking dogs, eating ice cream. Half of the crowd was hungry, the other half stuffed. And, of course, the comic book store was right in the center of it. We pushed through a sea of humans and odd looks, through the membrane and into a much more comfortable room filled with people who think Pokemon is a way of life. *His* kind of people. "Whoa, there, Sam! Whatcha got there buddy? Is that a staff?" John, one of the owners, glanced to his co-manager and I couldn't tell if it was worry or amusement he was expressing. "Yeah! It's a wizard staff, the kind you beat up bad guys with." John looked at me with a half-cocked grin and I shrugged. Before we could go in further and settle, however, a young man approached us. He was wearing a silver hoodie, embossed to look like a knight's armor, and his gaze focused on Sam as if I weren't there. "Ah, a mage. We could use your help on our quest, friend. Follow me." Sam didn't even turn for permission, skipping over to their table full of people dressed in odd, cheap costumes and graphic tees. Some kind of game was set up, with dice and handbooks littering the table. The young man who'd whisked Sam away introduced him to the group, then ran back over to me. "Hey, sorry about that. Didn't mean to seem rude, but... I thought he'd really like to join the group." I watched Sam laughing with a group of young men who shared his enthusiasm for magical things and smiled wide so my lips would tremble. "No, it's... A lot of people don't treat my brother very well. People make fun of the kids who have it rough, you know. It... It means a lot to me that you're all treating him like a normal person. Like he belongs. I'll sit over here and hang out, take your time." The boy grinned, and returned to his adventure. */r/resonatingfury* 