
My mouth dropped open. 186,292 years?? I had lived the typical life of marriage, kids, I even regularly went to church! Even the clerk looked a little surprised. "How is this possible?" I ask. "Hold on and I'll look at your case file." He replied while thumbing through some documents. The guy behind me cleared his throat impatiently. Why someone was impatient to get their sentence was beyond me. The guy ahead had been banging old women while married and only got 145 years! I thought my seemingly boring life would get me no more than 50 if you counted all my road rage incidents against me. My attention snapped back to the clerk when he made a small noise of understanding. "Well?" I prompted. "So the thing is you can accumulate sin over your lifetimes." He said. "Lifetimes? Like multiple? How did I not already serve all those sins?" "It looks like you were believed in Hinduism in your past lives. All of them in fact. You were reincarnated every time you died and your soul's sins just built up. This time you were Christian so instead of reincarnation you have to serve your sentence and then go to heaven." He seemed pleased to have found the solution. "Hinduism?? Why should that matter? Shouldn't my soul have come here anyways the first time. You're telling me I've lived multiple lives?" My voice edged near hysteria but I couldn't believe what he was saying. "Look I don't have time to educate you on all the different complexities of the soul. The basics is whatever you believe while alive is mostly what happens. Atheists just cease to exist, those who believe in Heaven and Hell serve time for their sins then go on up, and Hinduism believers get reincarnated. Now your time doesn't start until you get in the elevator and there's a line of people behind you. Sorry about your luck." He dismissed me, pointing to a set of steel elevator doors. I walked away from the counter slowly. Almost two hundred thousand years. I pressed the button to open the elevator doors, my hand shaking as I thought of what might lie ahead. Heaven better be worth it. EDIT: Wow ok this was my first time responding to a writing prompt and I truly didn't expect so many people to respond or even read this. First of all thank you for all the comments of support and constructive criticism. I am now aware I should have done more research before posting as I was not as aware of the intricacies of Buddhism and Hinduism as I should have been. I apologize for the plot holes and more importantly if I offended any religion. My religious knowledge isn't great as I'm an Atheist but I still had fun writing this. 