
"Danny, come on," I said. "It's such a nice day outside!" "But the books. They'd be so lonely without us." His face was buried in *Horace and the Dragon of Kaunth*. Around his feet, colored blocks and half-baked ideas scattered the fuzzy mat. Up above, the tick-tock of the clock reminded me that recess was already halfway over. "I'm going without you," I called in a singsong voice. Reluctantly, Danny wobbled to his feet and followed me out the open door. The world outside bubbled with energy and activity, from the stomping of little feet all over the black pavement to the colored balls narrowly missing the heads of coordinators. "Hey everyone," I said. "This is Danny! He's new around here. Can we play with you all?" As usual, the others ignored me. "You're the new kid, Danny, right?" Adam said. I didn't like Adam much - he was a bit of a bully, but the other kids looked up to him because he was big and strong. "Come on my team. We got room." "You're just saying that because we're even right now," Sally complained. "What about me?" I asked. I tried to get involved, but they didn't listen. They never do. That was saddening and infuriating and a whole complex bag of emotions. The ball passed through my chest. "Sorry," I yelled. "I was only trying to catch it, and-" The *ball* passed through my *chest.* I looked at Danny, and he returned my horrified expression. Wasn't I real? Danny ran back inside, ignoring the shouts of the other kids. He sat by the legos with his head hung low, piecing a few together. "You're real," he told me. I couldn't tell if he was trying to convince me or himself. "I know," I said. "Let's just...forget that this happened and play more inside, okay?" No. Not okay. I saw the other kids grow closer as they bonded over sports and squabbles. Sticking to Danny was great fun, and we built castles and waged wars and conquered cities...but I could see the worry in his parents' eyes. I was there for the teacher counseling sessions. *Danny just isn't getting along with the other kids.* *It's always tough being in a new neighborhood. Maybe it's just a matter of time.* Time. Time was the enemy. The drive home was lonely and quiet. Trees flickered by, taunting the ability of your eyes to chase them. When we got home, Danny ran up to his room. "You need to let me go," I told him. He stuffed his face into his pillow. "No." "Come on, Danny. You know that's what you have to do. The other kids will think you're weird." "You're my only friend!" he said. "And you're real!" "If I'm real," I said, "why do you have to keep your voice so quiet?" Danny had no answer to that. "You need to let me go. Grow up and make new friends." "What will you do?" he asked. I didn't know. I was scared. What was not existing? Wasn't I just a figment of his imagination, after all? In the end, it was a gradual process. I woke up less and less. I caught glimpses of his life, the friends he made, and the friends he lost. He grew taller, cut his hair short, and slowly but surely came out of his shell. He still talked to me on occasion, but it was harder and harder each time. Who would've known that he and Adam would become best buds? They turned out to be good influences on each other. The next thing I knew, I stood up in an great leafy jungle with humidity curling my long beard. I felt power radiating from my right hand and a great wizard's staff in my left. A massive dragon reared its head up in front of me and roared. "Danny always was a good writer," I said with a laugh. This was his compromise. He hadn't forgotten about me! I turned to the myriad troops awaiting my beck and call. "Charge! For Danny!" "Your excellency, who is Danny?" --- Hi there! That was fun~ hope you enjoyed. Please give me feedback, and if you want more you can find me at [/r/Remyxed/](https://www.reddit.com/r/Remyxed/)! 