
The Grindons were a proud race that put a lot of emphasis on formality and, unlike Earthlings, they all looked practically identical. The Council had warned the landing party of Grindons to not be surprised by the diversity of the human race. Tall, short, thin, fat, ranging from white exo-coatings to black. Some were hairless and some were covered in hair from head to toe. So when Szipl and her crew landed and offered their upper most appendage outwards for a "hand shake", they made sure to offer the exact same gesture to every member of the welcoming party. Even the particularly hairy one crouching down on the ground. "How do you do, Earthling?" Szipl asked, appendage dangling in front of the Earthling's face. "Ruff!" It shouted, before enthusiastically licking Szipl. "No, Bo! No licking!" The president scolded. "Sorry about that, he gets excited." "Have I offended this Earthling with my hand shake?" Szipl asked, cradling her wet appendage to her chest. "No, that's just something dogs do." "Dogs? As in canines? We were informed that canines were predators." "Well. Yes. But Bo is our dog. It's different." Szipl's third ear quivered in confusion. "Why does it not attack? Is that not it's nature?" "We care for him and he plays with us. Sometimes humans like to keep species that were previously predators in our houses with our families. We train them and call them pets." "And you do this... for pleasure?" "Sometimes. Some of them are trained for work purposes, or taught to be guards." Despite the Earthling president's friendly nature, the Grindons made a hasty retreat. A race that welcomed predators into their homes and trained them to kill on command was a race to be feared. Szipl continued on with her global tour, but it seemed that all Earthlings were just as fearsome. In the land of Japan, the prime minister gently cradled a domesticated beast know as a cat. A member of Szipl's crew saw it decapitate a harmless rodent. In Britain, the frail, elderly queen was followed by a whole pack of these dogs, all utterly devoted to even the weakest of the human species. The leader of Brazil had a pet that could fly away, and yet it returned on command. When the Grindons gave the Galactic Council their report, the senators refused to believe these tales. How could such a physically inferior race not only stop these predators from harming them, but train them to be willing captives? It was unthinkable. But Szipl knew. And Szipl feared them. EDIT: car fixed to cat 