
The sharp scent of copper wafts into my awareness as sleep recedes. I open my eyes groggily, my sleep-deadened mind expecting the usual spotless bedroom with a glass of water on the bedside table waiting for me. Instead, my breath hitches in my chest as my eyes scan the room. Deep gouges are raked across the walls. My desk drawers are all open, papers spilling out; my chair beside it overturned. The windows are covered in thick black curtains and the wood boarding them peaks out from behind them. The rush of adrenaline purges the last dregs of sleep from my veins, and I sit stock-straight. I look down, and notice the source of the coppery scent; partially dried blood coated my hands. I close my eyes and my head begins to throb with the effort of trying to remember what happened yesterday. The sound of paper crinkling grabs my attention as I shift nervously. A small note peaks out from under my hands previously splayed on the duvet: "You Must Hide". I heave my body out of bed, stumbling slightly. Lumbering, I drag myself into the kitchen. As I catch sight of the front door, dread settles in my gut like ice water. "Do not leave. They're imposters. Do not trust them." The words are scrawled hastily on the front door. The color of the font is reminiscent of the residue on my hands. I take one shaky breath. My heart leaps into my throat as a sharp series of knocks sounds at the door. "Honey? Are you okay?" The voice was wrong. It was almost as if I could hear metallic gears grinding beneath the soft tones. "Please, say something? Please honey?" Fear floods my brain and I slump to the floor against the cabinets. No. This is wrong. This is all wrong. I can't... "Sweetheart did you forget your meds again? Please let me in. Let me help. I promise everything will be okay." The words swirled around my head. The voice was wrong. Metallic grinding. Wrong. I reach over my head and with a clatter, pull the knife block off the counter and crashing to the floor. A small yelp sounds from the other side of the door. It sounds wrong. Wrong. I grip the largest knife in the block and hold it flat to my chest, rocking softly back and forth. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. "Honey, please let me help." The metal shrieks and scrapes. My ears begin to bleed, the sound shredding my eardrums and cleaving my skull. Blood trickles down my hands into my lap as my hands curl around the blade against my chest. The metal shrieks loudly at the door, and the door shakes abruptly. My hands grip the knife tighter, blood streaming down my front and onto the floor. "Please. Leave. Me. Alone." My voice croaks. It sounds like metal shrieking. The room begins to spin. Metal shrieks and sirens wail from outside the door. Blood rushes loudly in my ears, and suddenly the room goes dark as my head hits the floor, knife clattering to the tile. 