
I woke up in my holding cell, the warm sweat of yesterday's "make the subject sleep on a hot plate" test still soaking my shirt. Honestly, these "experiments" are just getting ridiculous. This stopped being funny ages ago. Sure, I can leave by punching a hole in the wall, but where's the fun in that? I'm still sticking to Operation Disillusion. Dr. Johan visited my cell with the meal I requested, a hot-dog sliced in half (lengthwise) with wheatgrass and honey mustard on the side, and a whole frozen turkey. She knows I'll just use the turkey to clog the toilet, yet I still get one anyway. "!Hola senorita! ?No es un buen dia para jugar a 'encontrar el pavo'? O tal vez prefiere un juego de 'descongelacion del bloque de hielo alrededor de su personal'?" "So," Johan said, deadpan, very obviously exhausted, "You speak Spanish now. That's a thing you can do." I stood up and took my plate of food from the disgruntled doctor, transmogrifying the wheatgrass into a crisp hundred dollar bill and using telekinesis to slide it into her coat pocket. "Merci, serveur." She turned to leave, but I teleported her into my holding cell. "Don't leave, I'm just getting started! I had a whole bunch of jokes written in thirty languages!" "I'm really not in the mood for your jokes, subject 137." "I have a name, you know." "*sigh* I'm not in the mood for your jokes, Assblaster McDingDong." "That's better. So, I'm eager to know, what wacky experiments do you have planned for me today?" "Honestly? Nothing." I gasped in a flamboyant, dramatic manner. "Whaaaaat? No experiments? Why?" "For starters, our funding was cut, staff morale is at an all-time low, we have no scientific results to report other than the fact that a butterball turkey can fit inside a toilet water tank, and three employees are in therapy because of your 'depress-o-beam'." "And? You can still conduct experiments, come on..." "You're right. I *could*. I just don't feel like it anymore." "Oh, come on! What happened to science!? What happened to cruel experiments!? What happened to my daily cyanide injections!?" "Key words: 'I don't feel like it'." "You can't just give up!" "Yes, I can." "...what happens to me, then? Am I stuck in this ten-by-ten meter box for the rest of my days?" "No, no... you'll be released from holding, so long as you sign a contract stating you won't speak of this or conduct mischief." "I... uh... okay?" "Good. Now, can you please teleport me out of this cell so I can pack up my office?" "Sure, sure." I blinked to use my teleportation powers. When I opened my eyes, I found myself in a fiery pile of rubble. Oh. I must have accidentally used "mega fire blast". Well, then. Quickly, I scuttled away from the ruins, taking my frozen turkey with me. ***** Not the ending I planned, but it clicked. For more of my work, visit /r/Picklestasteg00d. 