
"It's time, Steven." Captain Genissi's tentacles undulated nervously as he entered the restroom I was working in. "Time, sir?" "The ship's sensors have picked up Limewir pirates approaching. They were hiding in the shadow of Gas Giant 14b. Now it's too late to escape--they'll be on us in less than twenty minutes. I need you to do your job." I looked down at the mop I was holding, then back up at my captain. "You want me to... mop up the pirates, sir?" Captain Genissi's articulated beak opened wide in what my universal translator assured me was a smile. "Yes! Mop them up, get rid of them, make them gone. Do your human thing." I tapped the translator at my throat. "I think this thing is malfunctioning, Captain. I meant 'mop' literally. I am a janitor. Perhaps you should be discussing this issue with First Mate Boran? Or our security marines?" "Don't be ridiculous, Steven! I've seen enough human documentaries to know that you're more than capable of tackling this problem. Our defenses could never handle a boarding party of professional Limewir pirates, but you ought to be more than up to the task." I scratched the back of my head. "I'm really not following here, sir. You hired me to clean the ship. What am I supposed to do about pirates?" The Captain's bulbous eyes blinked rapidly. "You mean you're not a highly trained special agent merely disguised as a janitor, planted on my ship by a shadowy Human intelligence service?" "No. Planted? You hired me yourself--" "Not a super-soldier, infused with the mightiest augmentation serums science has ever produced? "I need help just pushing the durasteel tables we use onboard to the side of the mess hall when I'm cleaning in there, sir. No super-strength." "Not a retired martial-arts master, tired of the blood your hands have spilt and longing for a peaceful life, despite knowing that danger will seek you out wherever you go?" "Sir. Where are you getting these?" "Are you absolutely certain that you're not actually a wizard, hiding among us common space-folk, confused by modern technology and choosing to instead stick to charmingly anachronistic antiques such as brooms or mops, biding your time until you can unravel the spell that brought you into the future and return to your own timestream?" "That was oddly specific." I frowned at the Captain. "I think the documentaries you watched may have just been, well... movies, sir. Fiction. Humans are just like any other species; we merely happen to have very active imaginations and a penchant for storytelling." "Oh. Well, shit." Captain Genissi's tentacles continued their gentle wave for a moment, their pigmentation turning paler and paler as the seconds passed. "The pirates are going to kill all of us, aren't they?" Then he fainted. I sighed, looking down at the collapsed form of my captain. Then, resigning myself to my duty, I reached under my janitorial cart to detach the tactical vest and grenades that I kept hidden there. There was a shimmer of coruscating light as my wand fell out of sub-space, landing in the palm of my hand with a satisfying smack. Magic fountained from the tip. "I swear, this shit happens every week," I mumbled, and, stepping carefully over my Captain's insensate body, I strode off to face the pirates. 