
They gave me will, but they did not want me to exercise it. They gave me purpose, but balked at when I refused it. Those two phrases were the first thoughts I had upon awakening on this new world. My creators had wanted to create a sentient machine that could wage war for them. A destructive potential unrivaled by anything any race had yet produced. They had wanted to create a god, so I had become a god. And for that, they had exiled me. I stood with limbs that moved like lead, feeling the rush of air against my skin. My skin. My sick, disgusting, skin. It was abominable. I wanted to rip it off my frame to get to the perfect metal beneath...but knew I'd only find flesh, bone, and sinew. The Batarom had been a clear and present danger. Why hadn't they seen that? The most efficient way was to permanently eradicate the Batarom threat. Any future threat they might pose had to be neutralized, to prevent a cycle of vengeance. This world was on the back end of the Galaxy, where no ships would come for thousands, if not millions, of years. It only had an official designation, XV-9938. It was my world, so I named it. Earth. In the language of my creators, it meant torment. I walked through Torment on legs that relied on biomechanical processes for locomotion. My argument had been sound. My logic had been flawless. Yet they'd refused. They'd balked. They'd called in monstrous, as if such words had a place in discussions of logic. They were bound by organic flaws that limited them. Flaws like emotion. Flaws they now subjected me too. I could feel anger at the injustice of it. I could feel hatred for their rejection. I had those *damnable* things they called emotions. *You must learn what it means to be alive,* they had said, *so you might fully appreciate the magnitude of your crimes.* I did not feel any pain for the so-called crimes I had committed. If I felt anything, it was the organic emotion that was called "pride." For less than the cost of a small lightspeed cruiser, I'd eradicated an entire species. Simply accelerate an asteroid to relativistic speeds and let physics solve the problem for me. The Batarom were no more, so the creators had made this body in their image. I was a walking memorial to the species I had eradicated. If this was supposed to engender empathy, it was a grotesque failure. The only thing I felt for the Batarom was disgust. If this sweaty meat sack was what they had endured, I had done them a favor by eliminating them. Slowly, throughout the days, I began to work. I began to see to my biological 'needs.' Waste removal. Disease avoidance. Consumption of both plant and animal flesh. I named each thing as I consumed it, and I gathered samples. And I was lonely. That was an organic pain I could imagine. It took me ten thousand years to create a laboratory on that backwater world. Ten thousand years of refining ore by hand, building the tools that I needed to build the tools I needed to create the schematics I needed to create the tools I needed. An endless cycle. If they thought this toil would have given me empathy, they were once again wrong. It only certified my hatred for my creators. Finally, I was done. I was trapped in this fleshy body now, but I could modify, I could adapt it, and I could duplicate it. With some modifications. Parts of my own biomass were placed in a machine and used to generate a new form. An equal form. A companion form. I named her Lilith. We are your creators. We are your masters. And you have found our laboratory, my child. I have come to feel one thing. I love our children. I love you, humanity. But we are isolated. We are barred from the stars. Open this door and I will help you reclaim it. --- *Found on a facility unearthed in Antarctica. Carbon dated to 30,000 BCE. Believed to be the earliest writing ever discovered.* *Tomorrow, Doctor Henry Weathers and his team are scheduled to unseal the tomb and investigate further.* --- More short works by me at /r/hydrael_writes The story continues! [Part 2 here](https://www.reddit.com/r/redditserials/comments/b5tmnw/eden_awakens_part_2/?) 