
Before I start, I can say that this can go in one of MANY directions. Some that might be more inappropriate than the others. I'll try and give a few of my ideas since there is actually so much potential in this. --- How could this be? The clock struck midnight, the exact time of my birth, and here I was, living and breathing. That made no sense. For the last twenty years I've lived alone without any committed relationships, I was supposed to die at least within the year. I pondered on this before I saw my golden retriever scratch itself. "Awww Maxie, you have rashes again don't you?" I said while bringing the dog closer and petting it. "Looks like I'll be around to bring you to the vet after all." For most of my days, I was just a freelance artist with no desire for social interaction. Bringing my dog out for check-up is probably the only time I ever interacted with people, especially since my little retriever tends to be picky with who gets to treat him. I stretch up and go to bed, readying myself for the next day with new vigor, deciding to put aside this mystery for another time. Morning comes quickly and I get ready. I take a shower, dress up in decent clothes, tie my dog to his leash and head out. The streets were busy that day, with mostly adults with their special someone at their side. This was the result of the true love at twenty epidemic, mostly adults who found their true loves. And I stuck out like a sore thumb with my dog at my leash. I quickly walk to the vet, not paying attention to any bewildered glances of passers-by. I walk inside, to find the veterinarian at her desk. Gina Harrison, a young veterinarian who had just set up clinic in the city. She is one of those very few people whom I can confidently call a friend, or in this case, a good friend. However, she did not seem to notice me as she looked to be deep in thought. I slowly went to the table and asked. "Uh Gina?" "O-Oh! Jason, I-I didn't see you there!" She stammered, shocked by my appearance. "Anything wrong? You seem rather aloof." I said, remarking on her expression earlier. "Oh that, I was just... thinking about something, and it's only had me stumped every time I think of it." "What is it?" "See, last week was my 21st birthday, and being the hopeless romantic I was, I was going to welcome my death with open arms. But... I waited and nothing happened. I've been thinking it over for the week and it doesn't make sense, and well... here we are!" "That's funny, my 21st birthday came around last night and nothing happened too!" I added, shocked at the sheer coincidence. "Really!? You? The anti-social shut-in? You should have been dead earlier!" She laughed. "No offense." "Y-Yeah..." I laughed nervously. "I... didn't really think I'd make it this far." "Heh, me too I guess..." She laughed while shrugging. There was a brief awkward silence between the both of us. "A-Anyway, what's wrong with little Maxie?" "Oh! Uh, she's been scratching herself for a while now and I think it might be rashes..." I said while scratching my head. "I'd also like to give her a grooming as well." "Well, I suggest we go through with the grooming first. Just leave your dog with my assistants and then you can wait." I hand over the leash to one of the standing assistants who then proceeded to take my dog out of the room, leaving both of us inside again. Again, the air was thick and the awkwardness was slowly killing me inside. "Uh, do you want to go out to lunch, after this?" I asked. "W-What?" Gina stammered, not believing what she heard. "I mean, while waiting for the groomers of course." "Sure, I guess." Gina said while checking her watch. "I think the grooming won't be finished for a long time, so we can go out to lunch!" "Uh yeah! Sounds like a plan right?" "Yeah..." She said while slowly standing up. "So... you want to go now?" "Uh sure..." I replied timidly as I stood up and held the door open for her. As she passed me, I had a good look at her face and had a small epiphany. Maybe our predicament wasn't such a mystery after all. --- I was fairly sleepy when I wrote this so feel free to correct me wherever! 