
Simon, aka Mr Tragedy, stared at his school. His fist was clenched, shaking. He willed himself to go in, to start it, to finish it. All his years of being picked on, all the years of ridicule and agony. They tortured him because of his small stature, his acne, his high voice. He just wanted to be left alone, to be free to be whoever he wanted to be. And they hated him for it. And yet, just a few days ago, on his 18th birthday - he'd woken up with telekinetic powers. Powers beyond imagining, and he knew why he'd been given them. It was for revenge. For justice. It was to free himself of that sickly, weak piece of shit he was. He walked into the school, his cloak flowing in his wake. After so many years... his dreams had finally come true. ****** He arrived in the class mid-lesson. He shut the door behind him with his mind, and looked over the faces of his tormentors. They were all there - he spotted out Mike, Jenny, George, Sean and Samantha in particular. Everyone else was bad, but they were the worst. They all deserved judgement, but those five did more than anyone. His teacher tried to protest, but Simon made the teacher's tie fly off and tied him to his chair. "Sorry- I mean, sit the fuck down!" Simon shouted at his teacher, then turned to face his classmates. "Everyone, sit the fuck down!" All his classmates were confused, but they sat down without protest. He could sense their fear. Their regret at having bullied him for all those years. "Where's your big mouth now, Jenny?" Simon asked, glaring at her. "George, why aren't you trying to beat me up again?" He lifted up Sean with his mind seemingly without effort, dangling him upside-down. "Isn't this your favorite thing to do to me, Sean? What's stopping you now?" Everyone was too scared to speak. Simon looked over their faces, and only found fear and confusion. Exactly what he was hoping for. And yet... it just didn't feel *good*. He expected to finally feel fulfilled, that his revenge would make him feel like a man. His determination wavered. He noticed that Sean had wet himself. He slowly lowered him back into his seat. Simon stared at the class. "...I wanted to hurt you. All of you, like you hurt me, for all those years. And yet... this just feels awful." The class was silent. "I thought I'd like it. I thought it would feel good. How can any of you take such pleasure in it?" Still, no one spoke. Some of the girls were shivering. He must have looked like a monster to them. He knew he felt like one. He unbound his teacher, refastening the tie to his neck. He walked to the door, looking back at his stunned class one more time. "I'm sorry. I just can't... I just can't identify with you people." He walked out of the school, removing his cloak as he did so. It looked so silly now. Then, he left in search of something good to do. ***** If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 