
I am a Wanderer. One of the few Wanderers left now, as every loner eventually realized that they couldn't survive on their own. But I could. Every day I roam from place to place, scavenging for food, looking for refuge. Rarely do I sleep for fear of being found by Marauders, gangs that kill anyone not in their clan. Yet I survive, making do with what I find in the cities of a once-great empire. There was a voice in me that told me to join one of the clans, that I would be safe that way. I would never be safe, though, and I knew that the clans would never rebuild society. They were too caught up in petty fights, too narrow minded to see that warring over what few resources we had left would never lead us anywhere. So I am a Wanderer. Today is like any other. The sky is choked with smoke. A red sun casts immense heat over the city, bringing the temperature to over a hundred and twenty degrees Fahrenheit. We hadn't evolved fast enough to deal with the changes that we brought upon ourselves through climate change. That was how millions died in the Great Heat Wave of 2465. Now, you stay indoors, have clansmen run out once in a while to retrieve resources, sometimes launch skirmishes against enemies. I don't have clansmen, and I can't stay indoors, though, so I have to deal with the heat and stay in the shade as much as possible. I'm in what used to be the city of Berlin, as it was called in the ancient times. Tall, majestic buildings used to stand here, but now only a few remain. I wade through the rubble and come to an office building that looks almost untouched compared to the rest of the city. I almost rush in, excited that I may have found somewhere to hide for a while. The door is stiff, but I manage to kick it open. The lobby is deserted, yet oddly clean. Tidy. Most places had been ransacked. I take this as a good sign and go to the stairs, climbing to floor two of four. Like the lobby, it's intact. The room is lined with desks, each one with an ancient computer. I try the computers, one by one. None of them work. Except for the second to last. It takes a minute to boot up, but when it does, it works perfectly well. No internet, of course, but what catches my attention was something sticking out of the port on the laptop. A USB, with a small label: "In case of apocalypse." My hands are shaking, but I manage to navigate to the USB's contents on the computer. There is one folder: "Wikipedia, 2067-11-02." I click on the folder and see a list of documents, each one an article. This can't be. But...no, the legends were true. Here it is, the knowledge of mankind, on a stick that I can put in my pocket. The laptop has almost full charge, and I can find a solar panel somewhere. I take the computer and the USB and shove them in my bag. As I run out of the building, I know that I am no longer a Wanderer but a Bearer of Knowledge. I know that I am no longer a victim of clans but a friend of them. I know that with this USB, I can rebuild all that was lost 17 years ago. 