
The sky is that same wonderful blue, just how I remember it. Clouds float across, giant puffy wads of water vapor so aesthetically pleasing in their movement. I breathe deeply, I can smell that soft morning dew. A wonderful place to be. Too bad none of it is real. They - whoever they is - made several crucial errors. However their species operates, they don't understand the difference between a son and a daughter. One - I don't have a son, I have a little girl. And two - she's never been to Earth before. Three - I haven't been back on Earth for about thirty years. I first noticed something was wrong when my supposed 'son' started to spout grammatically incorrect statements. 'Dad, what are Earth's defense systems.' First of all, why would a seven year old ball of snot and bullshit ask about planetary defense systems. Second of all, why would it keep pushing the same innocuous discussion? Every few seconds. *'What is the defense system, father?'* *'What is the defense system, father?'* *'What is the defense system, father?'* Eyes black as coal, a voice sing-song and cruel. I'm smoking a cigarette, looking at this little pile of pixels and textures that is my fake son. Whoever is operating this simulation knows what they're doing. The little fucker looks just like me. I breathe in, inhaling deeply from the cigarette. *"Father, what is the defense system?"* Breathe out. Watch the smoke disperse. A high quality simulation. Some desperate fuck is trying to get some quality information from me. I almost admire their audacity. "Listen, asswipe, I can tell you've put a lot of effort into sucking me into your simulation. And you almost had me." I take a long draw, savoring the taste. Exhale. More wisps of smoke, tendrils that quietly disappear. The child next to me says nothing. I can't tell if it is supposed to respond to me via artificial intelligence, or if it is operated by some random alien somewhere. Either way, it doesn't matter to me. "I don't know what backwater planet you come from, but our species doesn't give a fuck about our planet of origin. We've got worlds all over the Milky Way." Another drag. Another exhale. "Attack it if you want. Maybe a few hundred years ago, you might have stopped us. But now it's too late. Far too late." A longer drag. A longer exhale. "I'll tell you what I know, if it even matters. If this is how you're getting information, you won't even make it past the defenses in the Oort cloud around the Sol System." The child has begun to flicker. Whatever controls it no longer wastes energy on the illusion. "There are fleets of drones, numbering in the trillions in the Sol system alone. The second one of you dumb fucks makes any kind of FTL jump into our system, we'll know exactly where you assholes come from." A final drag. A final exhale. I crush the cigarette below my imaginary feet. I wonder how I was captured, but know it doesn't matter what happens to me. "But in another way, it's too arrogant." I tap my temple, looking at the flickering child. Its eyes, black. Its mouth, motionless. "Neural implants, you negligent shit. The moment you picked me up, our networks figured out where your signals and ships are. They'll be wrecking your fleets within a day or two." The child disappeared. The world around me remained, but devoid of color. Black and white. Too late for the aliens to escape, they'd fallen into the same trap a hundred other species had already succumbed to. A smile crosses my lips as I watch a black sun set. Always too late, the alien species attempted to fight humanity. Always too late. Always too late. r/storiesfromapotato 