
I'd hit the jackpot. Some might've thought me crazy, and well, I really can't blame them. My brand of Doomsday Prepping *was* a bit specific. Nobody expected the Purge, a Lights Out, the Zombie Apocalypse, or an Alien Invasion, let alone all at the same time. But I did! When that whole auto-cloning thing got big, I'd gotten real excited. Scared, because I'm a sane person and thats what sane people do when they see an epidemic coming that they can't really do anything about because everybody thinks you're crazy, but excited. I'd had my generators set up months ahead of time, plenty of ammo, and tons of batteries. Nobody was gettin' in to eat *my* brains! Well, the auto-cannibals were more fond of quadriceps meat, technically, but they'd probably settle on brains after a while anyways. I'd been called crazy, growing my own food, instead on relying on the Meat-o-Printers. Sure, I kinda missed steak, but that craving went away after a while. Broccoli is... fine. I guess. Kale isn't bad, either. But I knew what was up. Reptilians. They were behind *everything!* And the best way to get us all ready to be rounded up and eaten was to start us eating *each other.* Tricksy, tricksy Reptilians. The first day or so wasn't too bad, from what I could tell. Mostly riots. And looting. And complaining about the Internet being down. You know, reasonable stuff. But then they started getting hungry. They were smart about it, raiding morgues and prisons, but eventually those all ran out, and it was... pretty much open season. It was nasty. Still, it wasn't too bad, sitting alone in my bunker with faint screams in the distance, munching on kale. I got used to it eventually. And a day or so later somebody was knocking on my bunker. That was something unanticipated. I'd forgotten that these weren't simply "zombies" per se. They were living, breathing, intelligent beings who simply had an unfortunate predilection towards human flesh who weren't gettinganyofmyBRAINS! They went down pretty easy. Don't need headshots if they're not undead! The survivors more or less dragged off the carcasses and... did zombie-esque things with them. Ate the brains, most likely. I dunno. I didn't stick around to watch. My rutabagas needed watering. About a month later, and things had calmed down significantly. I barely heard anything upstairs anymore, after just about everybody had gotten eaten. Technically, there are enough calories in a human body to keep another one alive for a while, but considering that refrigeration was pretty much out of the question for everybody who'd gotten used to eating human, the meat tended to go bad preeeety quick. So everybody was eatin' everybody. While I was just chillin'. Eatin' mah KALE. Approximately five months after things went silent, I heard *it.* A weird whirring-buzzing racket that seemed to pass overhead several times before coming down surprisingly close to my bunker. I checked my external cameras. I couldn't believe my eyes. Alien. SPACESHIP. I'd grabbed all of the guns I could carry and made my way outside. I knew what was up. My kale-sense was tingling. The boarding ramp lowered, and suited figures made their way down it in silvery suits. Their green flesh stood out vividly against the apocalyptic terrain. Reptilians. Knew it. However, my Kale-sense had tingled again. No, not the Reptilians. I grabbed my binoculars. The green flesh I had supposed to be the scales of lizardlike aliens turned out instead to not be flesh at all. I was staring at the leafy foliage of a different kind of alien altogether. Chlorofillians. My stomach rumbled. I grabbed my weapons. My. Time. HAD ***COME!*** 