
He woke up in the middle of an intersection. Super strength or not, a forty story fall still hurts like hell. Mindstorm sat up slowly, dusting off his red cape and taking stock of the situation. He couldn't have been out long. Sirens could be heard in the distance but no police were in sight. Surely one of the pedestrians had alerted the world by now -- his uniform was great for making a dramatic entrance, but it did tend to stick out in a crowd. Every Hero in the city must have his location by now, and here he was, prone in an asphalt crater between Broadway and ninth. A cross street that he'd kept secret for years. Long had the champions of this city searched for his lair in sewers and warehouses, but none had thought to investigate a supposedly-empty block of office space downtown. He looked up. *The secret's out*, Mindstorm thought with frustration. Hadn't he developed weapons that brought world leaders to their knees? Held governments for ransom, teleported in and out of Fort Knox on a whim, hijacked space shuttles just because he could? In that 40th story hideaway he had all weapons that the world's brightest minds couldn't fathom in their most twisted nightmares. And here he was, unarmed on his back in the street, with half the city's muscle bearing down. Still, the discovery that led to his situation might be his salvation. It wasn't supposed to do anything, wasn't a real experiment. Mindstorm had felt idiotic has he threw a punch while shouting the word. He was a man of science, not some street brawler. A thud smacked into the pavement behind him. When you've been in as many superfights as he had, you recognize the sound of a flyer making a hard landing. "Well, well, well. Mindstorm. And without your toys I see." Mindstorm turned and groaned. Highlight wasn't even one of the stronger Heroes this city had to offer. He was a second rate flyer with a couple budget tricks. This was embarrassing -- wasn't Mindstorm the greatest villain the world had seen in decades? And he was going to be taken down by this amateur? "It's over Mindstorm. Just come quietly." Highlight strode forward confidently. Despite his words, he was clearly hoping for a fight. *Well, let's give it to him.* Highlight saw the evil genius flexing his right hand. The Hero took a quick step back. His eyes began to glow in their trademark yellow as he shouted, "LI--" But he never got the word out. In the half second it took Highlight to react, Mindstorm had already leapt and began to throw a wild right hook. Just before contact, the villain shouted, "HAYMAKER!" Glass shattered for a hundred feet in every direction. The deafening blast of it seemed delayed to everyone who saw the blow, as if the galactic power behind that punch refused to release the sound immediately. The force of the blow carried Mindstorm forward another twenty yards, just like it had back in his lair. But no one was watching the villain. Highlight was flying, up, up and away, and not under his own power. His body was limp, his head lolled to one side as he soared down the street. He didn't even begin to descend until already a quarter mile away, eventually landing on top of a Jetta some eight blocks down the wide road. Mindstorm, flushed with rage and excitement, looked around. He could see a few other Heroes flying towards him in the distance. But no... not flying. Floating. Anyone who had seen what just happened to Highlight had pulled up short. When the smartest man alive can throw a punch harder than all the city's Heroes combined, you don't rush in. *Oh, this is going to be a good day.* -------------------- 49/365 one story per day for a year. read them all at [r/babyshoesalesman](https://www.reddit.com/r/babyshoesalesman) --------------------- 