
"MORTAL, PREPARE THYSELF FOR MY VISAGE" I felt the all too familiar migraine of the demonic voice moments before Satan materialized himself, sitting opposite of me in the corner booth at Chili's. "Hey again," I said trying to hide the irritation in my voice as Satan took a handful of chips and dipped them in salsa. He took one bite and coughed. He followed up by taking a big swig of _my_ water. "Ugh, this is a little spicy don't you think?" "Don't worry, there's queso on the way for you too." His face lit up just a bit before regaining his composure and getting to business. "Yes well, humoring me with your earthly delectable won't spare you. I'm come to bargain..." "Listen man, it's fucking Thursday at 11 oclock and I haven't had lunch yet. You do this at least once a week, so can we please at least just cut the show and act normal for once." Satan let out an over dramatic gasp, "Well, somebody's hangry." I closed my eyes and tried to compose myself. "You're right, sorry. I didn't mean to snap. So what's up?" The air of arrogance hung around Satan for a few moments before finally dissipating as he looked down and asked a sincere question, "How the hell did you ever _deal_ with this?" The waiter dropped off the plate of queso for the devil and went on his way as Satan poured it over the bowl of chips. "I mean, it's just so... heavy. There's so much chaos and emptiness, and the confusion mixes with an inexplicable drive. It's a fucking paradox. You're always empty but you always want more of something, but you don't know what that something even is even though it pushes to you to find it. It's exhausting." His eyes were bloodshot, but not as a result of some demonic manifestation. No, this was something more mundane. The devil hadn't been able to sleep. "Iunno," I managed to muffle out as I stuffed another onion ring into my mouth. "I don't know what to tell you man. All I know is that you made a deal, so it's your problem now." Satan let out a heavy sigh, "But it's your _soul_. It's _your_ soul. _It's_-" I took a sip of my diet coke before cutting him off, "You know putting different emphasis on the phrase doesn't really work right?" He slumped back down into the booth and crossed his arms in feint protest. "Well, I'm trying to make a point." "Yea, and a bad one at that. I honestly don't know how you even managed to convince people to go through with this. You have to be the worst salesman in history." I went to grab another chip before remembering that the devil slathered queso all over them. I was about to protest when I looked over and finally made the realization. He was avoiding eye contact. He was slouching, sitting on his hands, head tilted away with his eyes pretending to read the label on the ketchup bottle. And that's when it hit me. "Holy shit. I'm your first one!" Satan scoffed and nervously fumbled over his words, "What?! NO! Bullshit. I've done this hundr-THOUSANDS of times. For years. You're nothing but a spec in the sea of torment!" I sat back amused, "Uh-huh. So that's probably why you look like you haven't slept right. All those hundreds of souls in torment, wailing. Must keep you up at night." "Uhhhh, yes, Hundred of them. Always wailing in torment." "I thought you said millions?" "I did." "No you didn't. You said thousands." "Fuck. That's what I meant." "That's bullshit and you know it." Satan was about to protest but his exhaustion took over and he demurred. He simply took another chip from the bowl. "It's not I haven't tried before. But people never really took the bait. They were either too brainwashed with the dogma crap or too arrogant to think they didn't need me. Not to mention there's barely any actual mention of me in the book, so it's not like there's a direct line for me. It's just poor exposure really." "That's fine. But seriously though, is mine the first soul you've traded for?" "Yes." "Is it _that_ bad?" Satan slowly nodded, "you have no idea." "Uh, actually I'm pretty sure I do.' "Then tell me how the hell to deal with it! This is driving me insane. This weight in my chest, the constant self doubt, the insecurities, the highs, the lows. It's so inconsistent! Are all souls like this?" "I guess? It's just something that happens. Sometimes you're really motivated and other times you just feel tired. Happens to the best of us" "You know what I did last week? I possessed some 32 year old woman and we just stayed in and watched Netflix all weekend." "That doesn't sound so bad." "I mean, well no. I caught up on Wentworth. But still, I should be out there _doing_ something! This can't be all there is to it. There has to be more!" "That's the soul talking." "Gah. you're right. Just get this thing out of me. Please. I'll give you whatever you want. You can write the contract this time. Same thing we did last time, your terms for your soul. How about it?" "Ehh, I don't know. I'll think about it. For now lets just finish lunch. I ordered you the pasta so it should be ready soon. Did you want more chips and queso?" The devil closed his eyes to stop the tears from welling up, "yes please." 