
As another beautiful human with a good figure left the stage, an eight foot tall, dark green, large toothed, pig-nosed, and battle-ready Orc entered the stage. All humans had to work hard not to say anything. After all, they knew that there were dozens of huge orcs sitting in the crowd, ready to tear them apart. Even the stupidest child could feel the pressure and not say anything stupid. "Hello there," a beautiful and colourful fairy flew near the Orc's face. "And what's your name?" she asked with a smile. Orc started to slowly jump on one leg to another, showing off her excitement. She didn't realise that it caused the ground to shake a bit. "Me, Mulu!" she said. "Hello, Mulu!" the fairy responded with a smile. "What's your dream?" she asked next question. "Mulu wants beauty contest!" Mulu responded with a wide grin. "Oh... win it, Mulu can't have beauty contest! Mulu wants win it!" she fixed herself. "Great! Do you think you have what it takes to win this?" the fairy asked. "Mulu tries her best! Mulu thinks she tries!" As she said that, a human finally stood up and shouted: "Oh come on. You're an ugly fuck, why don't you go home? This isn't competition for orcs!" Other humans gasped while orcs in the crowd showed obvious displeasure. Mulu, however, started to cry. "Mulu just dreams!" she shook her head and started to run away, shaking the ground as she ran further and further away. Of course, as the Mulu ran away, the human realised how fucked he was. Mulu ran to a nearby lake. There was also a huge waterfall, filling the lake slowly. Two rivers flowed from the lake, helping the water to continue its journey towards the sea. Mulu slowly took a seat on a larger rock. Then she looked at the water. An ugly face looked back at her. Even she understood what that human meant. "Foolish Mulu, impossible dreams," she said, frowning. Then another orc appeared. It was a bit shorter orc. He had many scars on his face and chest, showing off the battles he had gone through. He was a great orc. "Skan wonders, Mulu okay?" Skan slowly walked near Mulu and then took a seat on the ground, looking towards Mulu. "Skan..." Mulu whispered. "Mulu ugly. Mulu never pretty." Skan got furious, he frowned. "Skan crush that puny human!" He was about to stand up. Mulu quickly put her hand on Skan's shoulder. "No! Skan no hurt human. Human no harm. Humans speak truth!" She then let her hand go and crossed her hands in front of her. Skan frowned again. "Skan think your dream true come!" Mulu raised her eyebrow. "Mulu no understand!" Skan blushed. "Mulu won contest in my heart!" then he stood up and turned around, facing away from Mulu. Blushing was an obvious weakness of the warrior. "Skan..." Mulu whispered. She stood up and then put her hand on Skan's shoulder. "Mulu thanks Skan! Skan has pretty scars!" Skan felt frustration, but also a happiness. "Skan asking, Mulu wants to go hunt boar?" he turned slowly around and tried not to make an eye contact with Mulu, he was a bit embarrassed. Mulu blushed. "Mulu thinks... yes. Mulu would want to hunt boar with Skan." And thus, that was a date. ---- /r/ElvenWrites <- For more stories. Also, feel free to leave feedback :)! 