
The students filtered into the gymnasium. Rows upon rows of wooden desks lined the multi-purpose sports flooring. Each student glanced at the gym walls reading off row and column numbers as the searched for their seat. Three examiners stood by a large projector screen, which displayed an analogue clock. A few students approached the examiners, attempting to wring the nerves from their hands. One by one they apologised for forgetting their seat number and the lead examiner, a rotund man with thick porthole like glasses would ask their name, trace his sausage-shaped finger down a list and read off the student's seat combination. Ten minutes before the start of the test the lead examiner whispered something another examiner, a mousy woman, and then addressed the anxious students. The mousy woman scuttled to the gymnasium door and closed it. 'This is the first time an exam of this nature is being run.' The lead examiner said, his voice filling every inch of the hall. 'We ask your patience and understanding while we hand out the devices.' The third examiner was a younger boy; he had milk-pale skin with a few lingering adolescent spots. He wore a black t-shirt with the phrase "There's no place like 127.0.0.1" proudly printed in white. 'Edward here is going to go over the technical side, while Miss Felicity and I come to collect all illegal material. If you have any phones, smart watches or glasses embedded with Google Glass technology can you please place them on your desks. We will provide bags that you can name and claim back after the exam.' The lead examiner and Miss Felicity started weaving around the desks like the ghosts from Pac-Man, placing plastic bags on the desks as they went. 'Good morning.' Edward said and paused as if he expected the students to respond. 'You will each be given a tablet with custom firmware. This means that you will only have access to the Kahoot app. Any attempts at tampering with the firmware will be reported, and you will score a zero.' Edward finished and stood in awkward silence, rocking ever so slightly while the remainder of electronic goods were collected. Miss Felicity and the lead examiner waddled back to the front with arms burdened by electronics sandwiched up to their chins. With the rogue devices taken, the three examiners set about distributing the school approved electronics. From a bird's eye view, it was possible to distinguish the various methods of cheating. Some students scouted their surrounding classmates, preparing for the oncoming need to copy. Some students double-checked their hidden notes, on their arms, their legs and some went as far as to hide them on their bosom. There was one student who took a more advanced approach to cheat, having inserted a memory card into his tablet. The boy's screen changed from the Kahoot waiting lobby, to a basic looking web browser and he breathed a sigh of relief before tabbing back to the lobby. 'The exam is interactive and will be conducted all around the nation. Grading works on a knock-out basis. There are fifty questions, if you answer one wrong at any point you will be ejected from the lobby and your result will be recorded. Questions progress from easy to hard as time goes on. You have thirty seconds to answer each question.' The lead examiner spoke with his hands resting on the top of his makeshift tray-table belly. The exam started, the projector switched from the clock to the first question. "1/3 of 100 is what? To three d.p'. The tablets all shifted into their segmented colour and shape choice options. But before any student could enter their answer, through cheating or genuine knowledge, the projector and tablets froze. Thuds of frustrated and panicked fingers started vibrating through the hall. A few brave hands shot up. The screens flashed. A black screen with a blinking cursor replaced the question and answer screens. Letters appeared one after another as a sentence formed. "Technology will rot the minds of those we teach." The words burned into the eyes of every student in the nation. --- /r/WrittenThought [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WrittenThought/comments/9fkjz1/starting_young_part_2/) 