
You unlock your apartment door in anticipation, wondering if it would happen again. You had just moved into this apartment a couple days ago, and as a result your evening visitor has been conspicuously absent. As you creak the door open slowly, the smell of a delicious home cooked meal hits you in the nose. With a big smile, you shut the door behind you and set your purse down. 'How does she always manage to do this?' You wonder for the thousandth time as you quickly wash your hands and prepare to tuck into what looks like fettuccine alfredo. And as always, a note sits under your knife and fork - 'this could have been us.' You roll your eyes, of course your sister couldn't let you be without a bit of a guilt trip. It had been thirteen years since you had last lived together; when you first decided to move out of her house, she had been saddened and angry, and the two of you didn't talk for a long time. The plan was to always be together, even as adults, but you could see that her life was growing in ways yours was not. She had a husband, and a child on the way, and you could see there was no more room for you. She adamantly denied this, and begged you to stay where she could take care of you. She's always been more like a mom to you than a sister in this way, and she's found a way to take care of you beyond the four walls of her home. 'But how did she get a copy of my key again?' you muse, as you wash up from dinner. You figure you might as well call and thank her, yet again. The phone rings once before ending in a generic voicemail. 'Hmm, weird.' "Hi dear, thanks again for dinner. I don't know which super you bribed to get in, but I really appreciate it. Can I see you soon? I feel like it's been forever. I love you." You sigh in satisfaction, feeling well fed and loved. Before you can decide to change out of your work clothes, your phone rings. "Hello?" A warm, if not slightly wary, male voice responds, "Hi Alex, it's David. It's been a little while since your last appointment, I was wondering if you'd like to come see me tomorrow?" David was your therapist, he was a wonderful man with a gentle demeanor, and had been doing wonders for your mild seasonal depression. "Hi David, sorry, I've been really busy with work. I'm surprised you have time tomorrow, though," you respond, feeling a bit bad. "You've been busy with work?" He sounds a bit incredulous, and careful when he asks a long beat later "can you come see me tomorrow during your lunch break then?" "Sure," you respond, a bit confused. David is acting a strange today. In a good mood, you shrug it off and write a little note to remind yourself to stop by his office. The next day, you're sat in a comfy leather couch that practically swallows you whole, making you feel childlike. You wonder if this is why David is able so good at disarming people. David sits across from you, holding a little silver tape recorder. That was new. You were starting to feel uneasy. "Alex, I'm going to play something for you, and I'd like you to stay calm until we have a chance to discuss it." "Okay," you respond, softly and warily. He presses play on the recorder, and your voice suddenly fills the room, sounding tinny and distorted, "Hi dear, thanks again for dinner." You immediately recognize it as the message you left for your sister last night. The message plays out and you both stay quiet for a long couple of seconds. "Alex, I need to know if this is you practising a coping method, or if all of our hard work together over the past year has been undone." You see red, "What the hell David? Where did you get that? Why do you have that? This is a serious invasion of privacy!" You yell, feeling violated and embarrassed. "Alex, please answer me," he begs you, "did you think your sister would get this message?" "Of course, that's who it was intended for! That means not you. I'm reporting this to the ethics board." You go to stand up, but David puts a very careful hand on your arm. "Before you go, please watch this." He pulls out his phone and quickly loads up a video. You recognize yourself in the video, in one of your first apartments. The video is sped up, and you watch yourself put an apron on very carefully over your work clothes, and start to cook. You prepare an entire meal with great care and precision, setting a single place set and even washing the dishes. Then you watch yourself take out a piece of paper and write a note -'this could have been us.' You feel like you're going to be sick. The you in the video leaves the apartment, only to return a second later, unlocking the door and looking surprised and pleased. You fall back into the chair, raw agony clawing at your throat. "Alex, she's been gone a long time. I don't know what else we can try at this point." David says gently. You barely hear him, you feel like you have water in your ears. It's like losing her all over again. "I need to get back to work," you mumble incoherently. "My dear, you don't have a job," David pats you on the arm comfortingly. From far away, you hear him say something about in-patient care. 