
As soon as Gene finished his spontaneous song-and-dance routine, everybody clapped. The boss was always so charming and chipper. It was infectious. He stepped up to the young girl and beamed. "So what would you like, little miss? Your wish is my command." The girl looked up at him with broken eyes. "I can wish for anything?" The blue man nodded. "Just about." The girl's face hardened. "I want you to bring my mummy back." The crowd gasped. So did Gene. Then he snapped his fingers. Time stopped. All sounds ceased. People stood frozen, faces stuck in grins or cries. Gene sat down heavily on the ground. "Listen, kid. I can't do it." The girl stared back at him angrily. "You said I could wish for anything." "Yeah, I know. But there are a couple quid pro quos, and-" He shook his head. "I was wrong. There are exceptions." The girl looked like she was going to shout at him. Then she just started crying. "B-but that's all I-I want! I just wanna be happy again!" The usually jolly blue man looked at her sadly. "It's all I want, too. Look, kid, I'm like you. My whole family is gone. Everyone I loved is dead. I can't bring them back. I couldn't even do that at the height of my powers." He stared up at the ceiling of the hospital, remembering street-rats gone by. "I wandered aimlessly for a while after that. I explored the world. But I was haunted by a sadness I couldn't identify. I just couldn't remember how to be happy." Gene turned back to him, and that infectious smile was suddenly back on his face. "And then I realized what makes me happy. Making *other* people happy! Like I did back in the day! So I made that my new job. Now I have thousands of friends! My family stretches around the globe! And all I have to do is make people happy! What more could a guy ask for?" Despite herself, the girl found herself beginning to grin at Gene's cheer. And she blurted, "That! That's my wish. I wanna make people happy too." Gene had been about to start another song, but the girl's wish froze him in his tracks. Then he smiled again. He winked. "I think that can be arranged! Believe me, you'll be the greatest friend anyone could ever have." Smiling again, he snapped. The girl would get better. She would eventually become a famous comedienne. She would always have kind words for Mr. Adalamp. He never asked for payment, after all. Making people happy was all the payment he needed. 