
When Alan was young, they'd go to the Dragon Fountain. That's what they'd call it for his benefit, instead of the more formal Westview Center Mall Water Pool. He'd drag his feet through the department stores and then start running as soon as they reached the courtyard. His dad would flick him a penny, or if he was especially good, a quarter. Other kids would throw their coin or try to skip them, but Alan liked to imagine he was placing it into a hand. And every time he would swear the stone eyes on the fierce little dragon statue would glow red, just for a second. He could still see the Dragon Fountain in technicolor, even as his life turned to gray. Car crash, foster home, military, heroin to rehab, then back to heroin. Barely interesting, hardly unique. Now Alan lived between Greyhound buses. One early morning, by the grace of bus schedules, he found himself in Westview Center Mall. He'd taken the long way home. He didn't belong in department stores anymore, so Alan stumbled right to the fountain, now chipped around the edges, like him. Coins plated the bottom like scales. He stared into it. Something sacred inside him had wilted and all he saw was more change than he could beg for in a month. And he'd put in enough over the years that it felt like his. He reached in, not even rolling up his sleeves. "Stop it at once. I command you!" Alan looked up, too bleary for urgency. The dragon had turned to face him, not entirely made of stone anymore, eyes blazing redder than ever. "If you so much as touch my hoard I will destroy you," said the dragon, though his squeaky voice offset the threat. "I'm sorry sir," said Alan politely. "But I don't think these coins belong to you." The dragon huffed out a splash of water. "They are tribute I have collected over decades. Each one is a gift to me!" "People don't leave them for you. They leave them for themselves, to make their day a little bit better, to make a wish and believe in magic," Alan explained. "And now you want that magic for yourself - my magic," the dragon accused, and this splash covered Alan in a fine mist. Alan shrugged and wiped his face. "I think I need it more than you. Not that I believe in magic anymore." "That is ludicrous. You're talking to a dragon." Alan sighed. "Or it's all in my head and I'm on a bus somewhere or in a truck stop bathroom with a needle in my arm. Or I stayed out in the cold too long and the police will find my body in the morning." The dragon scrutinized Alan, who now became uncomfortable for the first time. He wasn't used to being looked at anymore. "So you want to steal from me for your benefit." Alan threw up his hands. "Again. I'm sorry. I didn't know these were being used. I've never resorted to stealing and I've been in some low places." The dragon settled down on its plinth, deep in thought. Alan respectfully didn't interrupt. "You may have one coin," he finally squeaked. "It would be good if you could make it a quarter," suggested Alan, though he didn't want to push. But the dragon spit out something else, a rough coin-sized pebble that settled into Alan's palm as if he had handed it to him. "Thank you," said Alan, always good-mannered, "though I don't think I can buy a bus ticket with this." "Oh Alan," said the dragon as it slowly shifted back to immobility. "You can buy anything you want." 