
All it takes is a soft humming of a lilting tune and I'm transported back to that moment in time. I'm at the console of my workstation at the initial firing of the world's largest particle accelerator. I can hear the crew of scientists starting to pour the celebratory champagne in preparation of it being turned on. &#x200B; I'm at my console monitoring energy spikes when I hear the countdown start over my headset. &#x200B; 5...energy levels normal. &#x200B; 4...still normal. &#x200B; 3...I notice a small spike in sector 7g. Still within normal ranges. &#x200B; 2...The spike gets bigger and breaches past nominal levels. &#x200B; 1...I try to initiate the emergency shutdown procedures but there isn't enough time. &#x200B; I don't hear the zero but instead see a bright flash of light followed by blackness. I woke up about three hours later to find out that my emergency shutdown hadn't worked and there was a breach in sector 7g. The resulting radiation pierced every level of the facility and killed everyone inside of the facility. &#x200B; Except for me. They couldn't find even the barest hint of radiation burns on me. The only 'injury', if you could call it that, was some damage to my hypothalamus. I didn't feel any side effects from it except for the appearance of a tune that wasn't annoying to begin with. A soft guitar strum and a lilting voice in a language I didn't recognize. &#x200B; The song didn't stop. It never stopped. It permeated my dreams and annoyed my waking safe. It was the very definition of an earworm in the sense that it never went out of my head. After a couple months of trying to identify the tune I gave up. After another couple months I learned to ignore it for the most part. But I never forgot the tune and only needed to imagine it for it to play at full volume in my head. &#x200B; Then this guy walked in to the bathroom of my local bar. I had gotten an awesome settlement from the foundation that had built the accelerator in exchange for signing an NDA about the whole affair. They wanted to keep the construction company safe from any lawsuits considering it was their magnetic attachments that caused the accident. &#x200B; I'm taking a piss at the urinal and this guy I have never seen walks in. He walks into the stall and sits down like a normal person. As I'm zipping my pants up and preparing to wash my hands I hear humming from the stall. &#x200B; The humming matches the song in my head perfectly. And it doesn't just match in closely. It matches the change in notes on the soft guitar, it matches the words in the foreign language that no one can identify, and it matches the tempo changes as the song gets just a bit faster in the middle. &#x200B; I can't help myself and I wait for the man to come out of the stall. I probably look like a goddamn creep as I wait for a man to come out of a bathroom stall in one of the worlds smallest bar bathrooms but this is the first real lead on the song that has haunted me for the past five years. &#x200B; After more sounds than I care to listen to the man finally exits the stall and he sees me staring at him. Before he can escape my grasp I walk up to him and grab a hold of his shoulders. &#x200B; "NEVER GONNA GIVE YOU UP, NEVER GONNA LET YOU DOWN!" I scream the unknown words at him before continuing in our native tongue, "What does it mean?" &#x200B; r/cawdor23 Edit: Thank you for the gold kind stranger! 