
Dear Diary, It took years to establish my reign. Decades, if we're honest. I started my studying on my own as a child, worked hard to get an internship under 'Magnus The Malignant,' and climbed my way up the ranks for decades. I'm not proud of everything I did. I even murdered close friends, wizards who had studied with me, collaborated with me. I even took down 'Magnus' last year. All because I believed it would be worth it. Now, here I am... doing, well, OK, I guess. Don't get me wrong, diary, I don't regret what I've done. At least, I don't think so. I've always wanted to be the top dark wizard, you know? I had to get there, otherwise, I mean, what would the point have been? Why abandon my life-long dream over a few mild ethical dilemmas? Thing is, now that I'm on top, it's just exhausting. I expected the monthly raiding parties. Hell, that's why the gig appealed to me! Picking off the best of those self-righteous do-gooders every month, putting them through a bit of light torture. Nothing major, pins and needles, some hot branding, a light scalping. The usual, low level, typical stuff. But my god these heroes are quick to complain! I came up with a new spell called 'The Pineapple Proctologist' and didn't even get a chance to test it! That poor gnome was just crying so much. He's a gnome! I thought his kind were supposed to appreciate innovation! I nearly let him go, but, well, reputation is everything. So I just finished him quick. I may have lost my touch, I don't know... it's just, why do I even do this anymore? No one seems to appreciate my work. Long story short, I've decided to go into the nearest town today and give those people a piece of my mind! Maybe burn the whole town down, that should teach them to appreciate me! Not everyone gets to live so close to the world's greatest anything, let alone the greatest wizard! Then again, I haven't had a real conversation with another living being in... well, let's just say it's been a while. I guess I speak to my victims, but that's more of a professional relationship, isn't it? We both know the roles we're playing. They do their part, screaming and begging for mercy and all that, and I do mine. Maybe it'd be nice to keep the town around. Otherwise, they'll stop raiding and I'll be out of practice before I know it. Screw it, I'll go into town anyway. My summons and skeletons can only entertain me for so long between raids, and I haven't left this tower in over a decade. Maybe I'll even come up with some innovative new tortures. A trip into town is exactly what I need to inject some more passion into my craft! Thanks for the talk, Diary! Until next time, Gunsam The Greater &nbsp; Edit: Thanks for reading! Due to the incredible support and encouragement I got from the readers of this thread, I decided to make a subreddit. Feel free to /r/Floonatic to see any updates, and to read my responses to other prompts! 