
The alarm went off fifteen minutes ago, its blaring only interrupted by short snooze breaks. Warm and bright sunlight broke through the shutters, and Jimmy pulled his blanket over his head one more time. A deep and tired sigh escaped from his throat. He'd been up all night playing videogames, and the project he'd been holding off all week was due tonight. Getting out of bed would be facing the reality of his situation, and so he decided it was better to just stay in bed. Only for a few more minutes. "Jimmy, I'm leaving for work now. And get out of bed! See you tonight!" His mom yelled from downstairs. *How did it even come this far*, Jimmy wondered. His last course had finished two months ago and he got all the time in the world he could ever need to finish his thesis. Without coming across arrogant, Jimmy knew that the difficulty of finishing his project wasn't the problem here. And yet the deadline was tonight, and he was nowhere near being finished. With a groan he sluggishly lifted himself off his bed and walked towards the bathroom. After turning on the shower he stepped in and let the warm water pour over him, as he stared into this distance. Zombielike he turned it off, dried himself off and went back to his room. After getting dressed and going downstairs for a quick breakfast, he went back upstairs and sat at his desk. Glancing through the document, a sudden hint of panic erupted in his chest. He'd done even less than he remembered, and half of the data analysis and the entire conclusion were still missing. It felt like his heart crawled out of his chest and into his throat, so loud sounded the beating in his ears. "Okay," he mumbled, and repeated louder. "It's fine. I can do this." He rolled up his sleeves, took a deep breath and placed his fingers on the keyboard. "Right." He looked at the existing paragraph, the cursor blinking at the last word he'd typed. And nothing came. He scrolled up and read the last page, trying to remember what exactly it was he wanted to convey. After reading through it, and carefully taking a look at the broader data, he felt renewed in his ability to get his thesis done. And again he put his hands on the keyboard. And they stayed in that position for a few minutes. "Pff," Jimmy sighed. *I need a break, I've been going at it for like half an hour already. I know what I want to write now, anyway.* He grabbed his mouse and typed in "redd", hitting enter as the suggested website list came up. The sun came to its peak and Jimmy was still scrolling through various posts, occasionally being sent on a side-track as he watched a YouTube-video. Jimmy glanced at the time, realizing he'd already wasted another two hours, and carefully went back to his document. *13:03*, he thought, *alright, let's do this within 2 hours.* And after what felt like an eternity, the word count had stayed the same. *It's that damn sun, it's been shining me in the face all day now.* He stood up and closed the blinds entirely, and sat back down. The words didn't come. *I'll just-- I'll go down, get some food, watch an episode of that new show and I'm sure I'll be fine then.* --- Jimmy shot upright in his chair. The feeling of drowsiness that surrounded him disappeared instantly. *Holy shit, holy shit, holy shit, I actually fell asleep. I haven't written anything yet. How late is it even?* He shook his mouse intensely until the monitor turned on again. And his gaze turned to the bottom corner of his screen: 13:03. //Thanks for the gold /u/Zeal_Iskander. I hoped you all enjoyed the story, for more of my writing visit /r/PaulsWPAccount. Cheers! 