
The world had been getting stranger and stranger these last 60 years. Little things..A friend who says she's a psychic kept telling me, "the veil is being lifted. Soon everyone will begin seeing the truth." At first I thought it was bull, but little things kept happening. Voices when no one was there. Lights that turned themselves on and off. And, of course, grandfather's immortal dog. So, yeah, him talking was unexpected, but not exactly a surprise. "It's time you knew the truth, old friend," he said, "It's been longer than we thought it would, but I think finally you're ready." "Why now?" I said, "When it's too late?" "Too late?" "I'm old. I'm dying. I've accepted my death, but it's only now you feel ready to reveal the truth to me." "Yes," he said, "Only now are you ready." "I"ve been ready since I was 10. Since I started seeing things." "Yes, since you fell from the swing and hit your head." "Yes. That's when I first started noticing something was different. At first I thought it was my injury, that there was something wrong with my brain." "In a way that's true. Do you know what a psychopomp is?" I shook my head. "It's an avatar of death. Like the Grim Reaper." I didn't know what to make of this. Trying to make sense of it made my head hurt. "And I," he said, "am your psychopomp." "You're Death?" "If you want to call me that, sure." "So I get you? Not a skeleton, or a crow or a Goth chick, but a Scottish Terrier." The sore head was becoming a headache. "Yes. I took the form of something you knew. Something you'd feel safe around." It wasn't just a headache, it was a migraine. I'd been getting them on or off since my fall as a child. He looked at me and tilted his head in the way dogs do. "Do you understand?" "Yes," I said, "I'm dying, you're preparing me for my death." "No," he said, "You're already dead. I'm preparing you for what's next." I looked back at my bed, expecting to see a body. There was no body, there was no bed. Somehow I was in a yard. The yard of the house I grew up in. "It's taken a long time," he said, as I raised my hand to my head to wipe away the wetness I suddenly felt there. When I looked at my hand there was blood on it. I panicked: "How long?" But I knew the answer. Next to the dog was a body lying on the ground. A tiny body it's face covered in blood. "Sixty years," he said. 