
Jules was a good little boy, as far as little boys go. He did all the normal things little boys do. He chased the dogs, played soldier, overcame some health problems, tried hard to leave everything dirtier than he found it, made inane wishes to the gods for superpowers like being fireproof, the usual. He grew in to a decent young man, as far as young men go. He joined the army, had a success here and there, met a few women, wrote a few books, made a few friends, the usual. That young man matured into a mediocre employee, as far as employees go. He did his job when he felt like it, congratulated himself profusely for his antics, made everyone else feel special some of the time and rotten the rest of the time, the usual. Oh, and he also accidentally lit a fire. A huge fire that burned down half of the city. He felt badly about that one, but his friend was the boss, and, (nobody knew this until after the fact) his friend also ran a huge fire-fighting business. Instead of losing his job, Jules just got a more powerful friend. Jules was a bit suspicious of this, and he started acting out more and more. He invited all of his old military friends to the business for a party, when that definitely wasn't allowed. He declared himself president of the company forever, when that definitely wasn't allowed. He abolished the human resources department, when that definitely wasn't allowed. But still, nobody fired him. It turns out, that long time ago when he had been a little boy chasing dogs and dirtying things up and wishing to be a fire man, the gods had been listening, and, for some reason known only to the gods, they granted his wish. They just took a few godly privileges and granted a wish slightly different than what he thought he'd been wishing for, like gods are wont to do. Time passed, and Jules started to act in a properly rotten fashion. He declared himself president of the city, president of the country, president of the world. He behaved so rottenly that even his closest friends started to hint to him that maybe it would be best for everyone involved if he would just back off a little bit. Unfortunately, power is what power does and Jules would have none of this talk. He was god-gifted, after all. He was president. Of everything. For life. Then one day a couple hundred of Jules's closest friends, including his closest Bru who he'd known his whole life, went to a meeting that Jules had called, and they did the unthinkable. "Jules, we think it's time for you to retire, it might be good for the company to have some new leadership," his friends said. "What!?" Jules spluttered indignantly, "How dare you! I'm unfire-able, I'm fire-proof, I'm god-gifted!" "Please..." they said, as one of them pulled out a knife, "we don't want to do this." Jules pulled out his own knife. The next minutes were bloody and savage. Then, Jules's closest Bru came to him, knife in his hand. "And you, Brutus?" Caesar asked, as the knife [plunged](https://www.reddit.com/r/jacktheritter) in. 