
Don't let nobody tell ya what the most dangerous work in the world is. They'll say it's the soldiers and the superheros, the daredevils and the saints. They don't know what they're talkin' about. It's tendin' the counter that really puts ya head on the line. Don't believe me? Think about it fer a second. Every sod who walks in here is some badass who's life has gone down the gutter or another hero feelin' sorry fer himself. Every goddamn day somebody who ain't on good terms with one of em is gunna either kick my door down or fly through the windah or tear my damn roof off or put a knife to my neck. Now ya may think I ain' got nothin' to worry about, every guy at the counter is either special forces or magic or an alien or some crap. They're gunna take care of it right? Wrong. It starts a goddamn chain reaction is what it does. Just last week some prick in a red mask walked through the wall and started to go after Jerry over there, had his one true weakness whateva the hell it was. Some ancient dagger from god knows where, anyway as soon as he gets close Tod kicks it out of his hand after literally flying across the room, turns out that prick is The Silver Bullet. Before that fricken thing even touched the ground some blue jerk with a giant head pops out of the floor and grabs it, starts to scream about how it was all just as planned and he had the final piece of the puzzle fer yadda yadda yadda. All three of the broody body builders who haven't shaved in a month who drink all my bourbon pulled guns because apparently they were all too cool to have to deal with this crapsack. Blew that idiot away just in time for the Mob to show up to settle a debt with one of em and take the knife fer compensation, and half of those chodes have super powers. Then every man in the whole building either rips his clothes off or pulls some weapon out of his ass. Meanwhile I get to sit behind the counter and watch as these idiots shoot everything EXCEPT each other. Every single bottle gets shot, and every single mirror gets some jerkass thrown into it. At that point I have about twenty minutes until somebody summons a god or some crap from outer space that lives on a diet of whatever is nearby. Then they smash the bar. Every time. Usually it stops about three or four in the morning. Never earlier than two, you need to have time for the whiney kids in black spandex to come out and goof off. Best case scenario you only lose all yer windows. Once things settle down and the place is a pile of splinters, I do a localized reset. That's what I do, boys used ta call me Stopwatch. This bar has been exactly the same every morning for the past thirty years. Charlie over there even has a lucky bottle of jack, he's been drowning himself in the exact same whiskey for three decades. Now you may ask yourself, why the hell would I go through this crap every day? Well I'll tell ya. It's because I figured it out. I cracked the code. As long as I stay here, I'm immortal. Ya got three rules, and as long as ya follow em yer set. First rule, you gotta know everyone, but not too much. I'm not related to any of these shmucks, I'm not a father to any of em, but I'm not an asshole to em either. I'm just the old boy behind the counter who knows their favorite drinks. Second rule, whenever things start getting bad, all you gotta do is hide behind the bar. Bullets go around me, beams fall beside me, monsters miss me by inches and even if the roof falls the counter will hold enough of it up that someone will dig me out. As long as I'm behind this counter, I'm gold. The third rule is the most important though. You can sometimes survive the other two but this one is the one that seals the deal. You never, and I mean EVER, tell anyone when you're gunna retire. 