
John saved enough money for the last 45 years to go live in one of the last cities that still existed near the frontier of the United States. It was now time to actually go there, although it was still 8 months until the official event in which the US would open his doors to the world, and viceversa. At the time the Treaty for the World Peace and Reconstruction was implemented, no one was really expecting that the US would be the only country isolated. No one felt it was the right thing, but since the US was the one to launch missiles first, no one was really against it either. Except obviously, those who had family in the US, such as soldiers and diplomats stranded at the end of the war in other countries. John was one of them. He left his wife and still unborn child in the US when he was assigned to an abroad mission near the end of the war. And when it ended, he couldn't go back home because of the treaty. No one goes in, no one goes out. But he grew anxious over the last few months the Treaty was supposed to last. He was merely weeks away of reuniting with his family, and the fact he was just a few hundred miles from the wall that separated the US and the rest of the wolrd made it no easier. He decided to take the risk and drive to the wall. Maybe that would calm his heart for the remaining time. As he approached the wall he was detained by a security patrol. Must've a private one, because they had a symbol he had never seen before. They took him to a building near the wall. They asked him why he was there, and what he knew of what was inside the wall. Then they led him to another building where they conducted some medical tests on him. "These last weeks a lot of folks like you have showed up" the medic that was performing the tests said. "At first the government tried to keep them away from the wall, but now that the big day is coming, they can't just drive them away from it. So instead, they bring them here to at least ensure they don't carry potential diseases unknown to the inhabitants of the US, if they still call themselves like that-" "Ben, we need you now!" Said another medic as he busted into the room. "The class D expedition group is back, and we need you to test the new anomalies!" "Damn it Greg. Can't you see I'm with a civilian right now? Now we have to give him amnesiacs." "Yeah, I know, but do you remember the guy in the expedition that was missing an eye?" "Yeah, what with him? Did he grow it back?" "No, but he grew another head that is convinced he is Nicholas Cage!" "Damn, I have to see that" He turned back to John. "Listen, normally we would just send you on your way-". "But we have no option now. Even if you heard just a little, what is going here goes beyond you comprehension. I mean, we have more than half of the world leaders working for the Foundation, helping to contain whatever is inside those walls and protecting people like you. And even the foundation goes as far as making the world believe every 50 years that the last 50 years never happened so the Treaty for World Peace and Reconstruction can go on and no one tries to go inside the walls. And yet the Foundation still has no fucking idea what is going inside the walls with SC-" "Great work Greg, now he has heard too much. Why did you told him?" "Where erasing his memory anyway. It doesn't matter. Now can we go? I want to hear that head proclaim it has the declaration of independence before the boys cut it out." And with that, both medics left. John didn't know what to think. Was it a prank? Or was something really going on? He didn't had time to think it anyways as two men wearing security uniforms took him elsewhere. This time he had a better glance at their badges. A circle with three arrows pointing to the center, alongside the name and motto of the company they worked for. *SCP Foundation. Secure. Contain. Protect.* _This is my first time writing an original writing prompt. Also please keep in mind English is not my first language, so any feedback and criticism is appreciated._ 