
"What do you mean?" "I read two distinct and very different types of DNA on the planet. About 99% of the people have a certain type. The other 1% of people alive have a very different DNA structure." Director Hirsch looked around him. There were two people in the room with him. A low level tech and a personal assistant, present to take shorthand notes and ensure everything was documented. He looked back at the ai. Then he turned around and looked at the others. He fiddled with his ring, a bit loose on his hand. "Both of you. Leave this room immediately. Not a word of this gets out. I know you both. If anyone gets to know of it, both of you will pay." "But director..." "Out. Right now. Ms Rose, we don't need notes anymore. Please leave us alone. Reach out to the heads of the major intelligence agencies. Don't tell them anything. Set up a meeting in half an hour. Everyone needs to attend it mandatorily." Ms Rose looked at him without any visible emotion on her face. She was a good secretary. And the hallmark of a good secretary was to do the job she was asked to. Without any personal judgements or questions. Once the room was empty, the director turned back to the intelligence. "So these 1%, do you know why they are here?" "I do not have sufficient information about that." "What do you know about them?" "Not much. I have just done a cursory scan. I am running the information and processing it as we speak." "Not much is still something. Tell me what you know." "I can gather that they are from a different solar system. Something not that much different than this earth. The look a lot like humans. But there are subtle differences. By accessing their doctors notes, I can see that their physical characteristics vary over the year." "So you can identify them?" "Yes." "Can you eliminate them?" "I can. I will need you to authorize it of course. I am only allowed to take orders from you and a handful of others." "What about capturing them?" "I can do that." He took out his phone and looked at it. He considered his options. He had a meeting with the majority of the heads in roughly 15 minutes. He was sure they would attend it too. But this was a time sensitive thing. News in the town tended to spread like wildfire. He made up his mind, steeled himself and sent a text. "Let me give you some data. It will help you in making your decisions. We were from a planet a few light years away. Our planet is dying. We only had two options. Die with the planet, or move. We chose to not die. A few of us came here to earth to scout this place. See what reception we should expect. We saw a world ravaged by wars just like ours was. A race to the bottom. These humans were on a similar trajectory. Just a few years behind us. An attempt at force would have destroyed the very planet we needed to survive. So we took the tough decision. The scouting party decided to stay here. Make sure some of us survived." He paused, taking his ring off. "But now we have a chance. To do something amazing. Save our entire species. Save this planet. Because we know what we did wrong. The humans won't believe it. But we've seen it. We know. I know there are a few people you cannot harm based on my order alone. My men will take care of that on their own. Sacrifices are a part of every war. Anyone that can order you to hurt us will be gone by today. Does that change things?" "For me? No." "Do it then. Do what you need. Kill the 99%." 