
"Are you alright?" The man just gazed tearfully at him for a moment before once again being wracked by sobs. It was, he supposed, a stupid question. Mark had never seen someone so distraught, and on such a beautiful afternoon. He knew it'd only get worse if he tried to console this man he'd never met, so Mark just sat there with him. The man wore a wrinkled suit and a threadbare scarf he'd occasionally use to mop up tears. Mark didn't know when it would be appropriate to resume feeding his birds, who now clustered expectantly around the pair of them. He felt, at this point, he should make at least some effort. "Do...do you wanna feed some birds?" Lower lip quivering, eyes glassy, the man nodded. At marks behest, he grabbed a fat handful of seed and tossed it. The man managed a couple of giggles at the crowd of pigeons bustling about before the sobs returned. At this point, satisfied with his minimal effort, mark made to rise and find another bench that didn't have a weeping man on it. As he got up and turned to bid the stranger good day, he saw a pile of familiar tartan on the ground next to the bench. Recognizing yourself in real life but not at the angle of a mirror was strangely difficult. He saw the cap, the jacket and the trousers, the gold watch and too-small penneyloafers. They were clearly his, and yet the realization simply didn't take. A man wearing his clothes was collapsed on the ground right next to where he and the weeper had been sitting. "Coronary blockage. It was over before you even felt it. Shit deal." Mark slowly sat back down, really looking at the man next to him for the first time. He was extent, but there was such an impermanence to him he failed to be described. The second your mind lighted on a distinguishing feature it was gone, like ripples in a pond. He looked back at the pigeons, and tossed another handful of seed. they gleefully pecked at it. Mark's mind was bombed out, still reverberating with the realization and not really able to finish the process. What sat beside him was the boatman, the harvester threshing mankind. He searched his pockets, and found nothing but lint and a button. "I don't have any coins for the ferry." mark said quietly That made the boatman laugh, in a fit of sputtering half-sobs. "That's what I love about you humans. Even in death you still want things to be fair." Mark ruminated on that "Do we really? Is that really what you think of us?" The boat man wiped his eyes. "It really is. Some of you have foul definitions of what exactly is fair, but you're all defined by a innate desire to balance the scales. that and...you know" He touched index finger to thumb "The hand thing." He sniffed, and blew his nose into his scarf "That's what's so sad, so frustrating. You're somewhere around the eighty billionth iteration and the work remains unfinished. I just hate it so much, I want you all to be happy and all I see is the end and how many of you are left wanting. How many are left with things, sometimes everything, unfinished." Mark thought about this, long and hard. He thought about all the fight he'd put in his life for what he thought was fair, how permeating it was. He thought about what he'd leave behind, all the joys and sorrows of the corporeal world. He thought about his body, sprawled next to a park bench in a pile of seed. He couldn't help but smile. "Look at that" he said, pointing at the fallen paper bag "The birds have been fed. I guess at least one of your charges will go onward with his works complete." That made death smile, and that was enough. They rose, and Mark took his chill hand and was gone. 