
I took a confident step out in front of the mirror, looking my reflection in the face. A gloating smile spread my mouth widely. "So, you've fallen into my little trap again!" A maniacal cackle filled the tiny room. "This time you-" I heard the front door open. Goddammit! "Hey, I'm home!" How was I supposed to practice my evil laughter, when she insisted on always showing up? I wasn't home much because of my career, but I needed my space. A perfect maniacal cackle takes constant practice and maintenance. I ripped the mask off and opened my notebook of *Evil Plans and Other Stuff* and jotted down a few lines about my annoying roommate and how she always seemed come home just before or after me. It was like she had a stupid crush on me or something. Eww! I hid my mask and notebook in the costume drawer and dragged myself into the kitchen. "Oh, hey!" she said cheerily. "Thought you'd gone out again." I eyed her suspiciously before taking a milk bottle from the fridge. "Don't you dare drink out of the bottle," she said. "You can't tell me what to do!" I cried, throwing up my hands and spilling milk all over myself. "I am Dar..." I stopped myself. It was something about this woman that always made me lose my temper. She was so happy and perky all the time. It was disgusting. "You're what?" she said. "Nevermind. I don't like milk anyway." I slammed the bottle back into the fridge. "What's with the cape? Halloween isn't for another two weeks." "Oh." She looked over her shoulder. "Oh, I'm just... you know, preparing. I love Halloween!" "Of course you do..." I muttered. "So, do you have any plans yourself?" "I have..." Very big ones - it was hard to keep the grin off my face. I was going to see her again - the heroine. I had a very special scheme ready, which involved a costume party, a trained penguin, a ton of TNT, and a romantic dinner for two. I had prepared several new recipes that I was sure would woo her. Oh, I had plans, all right. "You have that look on your face again." "What look?" "When you gaze into the distance, and a relaxed smile replaces the usual frown. Are you in love?" "In love?! No, I don't fall in love. I have better things to do!" "Everyone falls in love sometimes," she said thoughtfully. "I for one think I've met my soul mate quite recently." "Oh, tell me all about it, why don't you?" I rolled my eyes and started cleaning up the milk. Clearly not getting my sarcasm, she started babbling about some chick that she had fallen head over heels for. Love at first sight, and apparently, it was one of those Romeo and Juliet things - forbidden love. It was quite revolting, to be honest, and I was close to throwing up. "...yeah, and one time she cooked dinner for me under the starry night sky, on top of the dam. You know, the big concrete one up in the hills?" How terribly unoriginal, I thought and threw the wet cloth into the sink. I'd done just that, but I had also planted explosives all over the structure, threatening to blow it up and flooding the city - that was how you properly served someone dinner. I shook my head. "If you're so good at romance, why don't you tell me how it's done?" she said, apparently picking up on my disdain. "You need to have some finesse... something extra up your sleeve." "Oh, yeah...? Well, she's got finesse. And also writes really sweet love letters to me." I snorted. They probably weren't nearly as good as mine. I had spent weeks and weeks perfecting those. "Hey, are you doing anything tonight?" she asked. "Not really..." With the current economy, I couldn't afford goons to do my dirty work. It's a terrible situation when you can't even conduct basic villainy on the weekends. "Well, I found these on a sale." She held up two bags of potato chips. "How about a girl's night in?" I sighed. There was no getting rid of her. "Fine." "Hey, chin up. I'll even let you choose the movie. And you can tell me about that date of yours - maybe I'll get some ideas." I mumbled something about lack of imagination and plodded over to the sofa. Ah, I really looked forward to seeing the heroine again - only two more weeks. I wasn't going to share my plans with my roommate, though. Trade secrets and all that. *** Thanks for reading. More of these characters [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/65kmvz/tsun_tsun_dere_dere/). 