
Scriptures often explained that hell was a real place. Across all cultures that never established contact one irrefutable constant remained. The gateways to hell. Darvaza gas crater in Turkmenistan. Mount Etna in Sicily. The way to Xibalba in Mayan mythology situated in Belize. It was always a remarkable scholarly intrigue to contemplate the significance of it all. Who would have thought it was all real? Our helicopter roaved across the sky to give our team of researchers and soldiers a grand view of the sundered ground. It was a view that otherwise would have given the feeling of awe one found in Ireland across the Rathcroghan just outside of Tulsk. The man who had previously introduced himself as Connor Ruanaidh leaned forward, his face was quite lean and long with hollow cheeks and chiseled chin, a rather modest growth of ginger hair lining his jaw line and upper lip including a pretentious soul patch. "**Right, we are currently flying towards Oweynagat, also known as the Cave of the Cats, it is Ireland's own gateway to hell. And supposedly where the goddess Morrigan resided,"** he spoke into the headset with his Irish tenor, the rest of the researchers leaned in as if to better hear Connor. I looked back down to the scorched land where once fields of green spread the land, not to only see the scorched and steaming ruin which was the supposed home of the demons. I remember my academic mind telling me to only believe it until I could see it with my own eyes... yet still I struggled. Red coursing lines spread from the center of the mass like burning veins from a forge, spires of red glowing earth speared from the ground, what was once filled with swaying grass was now just dry cracked ground unfit to plant. At the center of it all was a maleficent and incredibly violent fortress that sprung from the ground, whatever creature architect deigned to design it made sure to not hold back on the hellish motifs. Arched windows where brimstone red flickered outwards looked out towards the green fields, the spire walls adorned with rusted iron spikes and thorn tailed demons of hellish red stood guard at the parapets. The whole things seemed to be intentionally gnarly and fiendishly ostentatious. I felt like I was about to hurl. Not because of the sight itself. But because of the attack at my core beliefs, my identity, which wholeheartedly rejected the vitriol mother used to spew. "Do you need a bag?" Connor leaned forward, a ready sick bag offered to me like an olive branch. His smile was reassuring and affable, his blue eyes striking. I tore it from his hands and grumbled a thanks. I really didn't like Connor. The helicopters landed outside of the scorched perimeter as readied troops trudged through the green fields and took their positions. Two green beings emerged... I still found it hard to call them demons. Their tails whipped back and forth. Their pointed ears sharp and taut as if mimicking horns, their digitgrade feet lending their height and street immense measure. "Hold your fire!" I called out. I was not the person in charge, but they were still here to escort us as a diplomatic mission. I could tell how loose fingered the men were becoming, their gaze going back and forth between their command and me. "Hold your fire. This is a diplomatic mission," informed Sargent Greenhouse, though based on the talk we had pre-flight, I had no doubt in my mind that her christian beliefs were in conflict with her commands. Nobody dared cross the burnt land, as if the first to do would face terrible consequences. One of the green creatures stepped forward, it's tail whipping back and forth and its mink link face giving way to a toothed sneer. "Welcome, humans. I was awaiting your arrival. Please. The lord awaits," the creature purred. The men raised their weapons as I splayed my arms in objection. "Wait," I ordered. Fear worked its way to my bones and made my knees tremble. But be it my pride or my scientific persona, I took the first steps across the scorched lands and took note of the suppressed gaps around me. "Are you the one in charge?" Asked the beast. "Could you ask your men to lower their weapons? We wish to negotiate peacefully." My brows furrowed together. "Then why the face?" The demon seemed confused. "This?" It pointed with a taloned nail. I believe it was a woman, but I couldn't quite tell. "I understand that in your culture, smiling is a friendly act. Did I do something wrong?" I blinked, having to stifle a laugh. The demon seemed suddenly crudely offended. "I apologise," I said, clearing my throat and trying to portray some professionalism. "It is just the way you did it... seemed more like a threat." The demon seemed to ponder, clasping a thoughtful finger to its chin as the prehensile tail swayed back and forth. "My name is Jasmin Clay," I turned to address my fellow scholars, "we are a team of scholars and researchers that study theologies. We were asked to come along as consultants along with an ambassador to talk the reason for your... visit." The demon chuckled. "It will be far more than a visit I am afraid. But please, we can discuss more inside. Satan is waiting." It waved towards the entrance of the great looming keep as large chains clanged and rattled from lifting the iron portculis. *** /r/KikiWrites 