
"Kiss the ground, ladies and gentlemen!" They had burst into the bank, but at the order, everyone had frozen. A few shots quickly in the air had everyone on the ground. And Joe was just returning from the restroom. He had heard a few loud shots, just as he was drying his hands. He moved away from dryer and heard the noise as people shuffled to the ground. The restrooms were situated down a small hallway, which allowed Joe to move quietly down the hall to survey what had gone on. He saw men, women and children on the ground, and guys in masks already walking past the hallway, and toward the front counter. Something bumped into his stomach, and he took a chance to look down... only to find a young girl, no more than 10 or 11, huddled next to a potted plant that was situated in the hallway. She was hiding. No one had seen her. Joe breathed a sigh of both relief, and profound irritation. He slid down next to her, and they exchanged glances. She looked terrified. He stared, and smiled in what he hoped was a fatherly-way. "Psst, kid... What's your name?" The girl looked him over, trying to decide if he was a stranger, or not. She didn't smile, but something in her eyes made Joe realize she was going to trust him. A little. "I'm Katy." she whispered back. "Ok, Katy. My name is Joe. I'm a super." And her eyes went wide. "Really? Are you going to save us?" He took a small breath. "I'm going to try, but I need your help. I know this sounds weird, but listen. I don't really have much power on my own. But I can make others do impossible things." She turned her head slightly, in confusion. "I know you don't believe me. But I'll prove it. I want you to visualize a candy bar. Think of your favorite one." She closed her eyes. "Ok..." she said, but doubt was starting to creep into her voice. "Think about it, visualize it. Now, if you really believe... if you truly wish for the candy bar, it'll be in your bag. Waiting for you to reach in, and grab it." Her face was a mixture of confusion, but also of magic. Kids really want to believe in a higher power. In a world of Superes, it's a little easier for them to believe. But she knew the candy wasn't in there five minutes ago. *I can only hope she's a believer...* She kept her eyes closed as she reached into her bag. And pulled out a snickers bar. Her eyes opened, amazed. Her pupils were slightly dilated. She looked at Joe and smiled at him. "Wow! It worked!" He smiled. "It worked because you believed. But here's where it gets crazy. See those bank robbers? You can stop them, all by yourself." "I can?" "Yup, you can. Just think to yourself how bullet proof you are. How invincible you are. Nothing can harm you, nothing can hurt you. You're like Night Girl, or Fire Fly!" She looked at him, and he could tell if she was wondering how true it was. "Do I get super powers?" "Anything you want, Katy. But you have to really believe in them. You're a hero, Katy. You just don't know it, yet." "I'm just a little girl, though. What can I do?" "You're young, but that doesn't matter. Haven't you heard of Million Strikes, or Pinion? They were young, when they started. But they've saved so many people." She nodded, and smiled at him. "Wish me luck, Joe." He smiled, and stood up. "You don't need it, Katy. You're a Super, now, too..." She started walking out toward the group of people on the floor. One of the men noticed her, and pointed his gun her way. Another had seen Joe, and pointed his gun at him. "You two! Get back on the ground." "Katy, get down! You're going to get hurt!" he could hear a person saying. The tone of her voice showed Joe it must be her father. "I'm sorry, Dad. I can't get down. But don't worry... they can't hurt me." "You hear this kid? She thinks she can't be hurt." One of them started to walk toward her, and he brought his gun down to strike her in the head. But the gun broke on her head, instead. "She..." Katy looked up at the man, and smiled. "I'm a Super! I can do anything!" And her eyes were suddenly flaring up with flame, and her hands were engulfed in ice, and water, and lightning. And a sudden storm *inside the bank* brought the robbers to their knees. They were struck with lightning, and were down for the count. Joe smiled as he walked toward them, kicking their guns away. He had plastic cuffs for just such an occasion, and locked them up. Katy's eyes returned to normal, and she smiled. "I did it! I believed I had powers over the elements! And I really couldn't be hurt!" The father had jumped up and was holding Katy, now. Joe smiled. He turned, then, and left the bank as quietly as possible. A new super, born in the world. She'll never stop believing, and so she'll always be Super. Joe smiled, as he walked down the street.  He was ready to get home, and watch the news. "Maybe I'll be featured, one day." *Part two is here: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/6imc4i/wp_you_have_weird_super_power_if_you_successfully/dj8ic7i/ 