
Being homeless sucks. Being born homeless is far worse. Some people tell me I never even had the taste of freedom, that I didn't know what it was like to lose everything. Those people clearly have enjoyed the taste of a good meal, and that is something I would give anything for. My parents died when I was eight, well my mother did. I never knew my father, my mother told me he was some drug addict that raped her while high off his ass, she never was one for subtly. Why bother being subtle when the world was so harsh and blatant. I often dreamed at night of sitting on top of a throne, the whole world bowing below me, but whenever I woke up I would realize my own reality, that I was a nobody with nothing. I discovered my quirk when I was ten. I was sitting in the gutter, when I saw a small pink nose and two beady black eyes poking out through the gate. "Hey little fella." I said to the creature. I had seen rats before, I kind of sympathized with them. When you're at the bottom of the world there isn't much room for judgement. The rat looked shocked when I spoke, but oddly enough, it didn't run away. After several moments I heard a tiny squeaky voice... Well heard isn't the right word, I more felt the voice, in my bones. "What did you just say?" This time it was my turn to be shocked, I stared at the rat, the rat stared back at me. Finally we both spoke at once, "you can hear me?", "you can speak?" I coughed embarrassed, "You go first." The rat said. I shook my head, "Please, you first." We sat there on silence for several more moments, I was pondering what could possibly be going on here. I didn't really know about quirks, and so I just assumed that the rat was special, after all, it could talk. Over the next few weeks, we talked often, taking companion ship in each other's missfortune. I told the rat, who's name was Longwisker what little my mother had taught me, and he told me what he knew about the world from the perspective of the sewers. One day he led me to a huge grate where the sewers opened into the ocean, it's bars had rusted away long ago, leaving a hole just big enough for me to squeeze through. I'm the sewers I met the rat's colony and found out that this wasn't just a special, that I could speak to all rats, that I was special. I taught the rats everything I knew from my life on the streets, what shops have the best food and the least scurity. Where to steal other supplies. What books were, I couldn't read, but I liked pictures and so did the rats. In other words I taught them how to be human. That lead me to now, six years later. I sit here on my dirty throne, my vast kingdom expanding before me. I may not be on the top of the world, but I have what I need, leading my people. I am the rat queen. 