
The switch itself is conditional, and that may be confusing to the living. So let's clear some things up with a little hypothetical, boys and girls. You're dying in a hospital bed. Surrounded by loved ones, but each face unrecognizable. You can barely breathe, every part of your body is in excruciating pain. Something is very wrong, something unable to be cured or treated. Light filters through the window, but all you can focus on are the dust motes. Each breath comes slower than the last. Someone says something to you that you want to understand, but it comes across as garbled syllables and noise. Flashes of your life dance inside your head. A melting ice cream cone, slapping a mosquito, stepping on a lego. Death comes slowly but surely, until out of nowhere, it's everywhere. No light at the end of a tunnel, no voice from grandma to call you home, just an instant switch. As quick as the snap of a finger. Now, if there was a reasonable cure for this disease, or say a new form of treatment, your consciousness would switch to a new body, and a new hope. In the case of your final death, there is no such hope. Your journey is finally complete. Often when you're at the final stages of such diseases, the chances to switch have already come and gone. Sure, there were a few realities where a sudden cure for whatever ailment was killing you appears, but a different version of yourself already got to switch to that reality. Luck can factor into your survival, but often there is little rhyme or reason. Early bird gets the worm. Did you actually believe you were the only version of yourself? Tough shit, ladies and gentlemen. There's an infinite amount of you assholes wandering around. So in a way, death remains an inevitability, if only the path twists and turns more now. No thoughts or memories of your past self carry over when it happens. Sure, you may feel slightly OFF, if only for a day or two, but it passes. You can't put your finger on it, like something is following you, but you lock it away somewhere in your mind. When I died for the final time, my brain was riddled with holes, byproduct of some asshole prion disease. No realities even close to coming to fix that bad boy. So wham, you're no longer paralyzed and sitting in your own filth, tubes stuck in every orifice, trapped inside a body that betrayed you long ago. Crisp white robe, a single chair before a giant screen bearing one mighty prompt. *ASK ME ANYTHING* So I did. I asked about what would be, and what would not. A wonderful and horrifying future awaits our species, promises and heartache, pain and triumph. I watched as much as I could, and felt the sadness of a person who missed out on so much. On an unrelated note, spoiler alert for you idiots in 2478 - do not respond to that extraterrestrial probe. It is a trap. Anyway I came across what happens when you die. A little lecture on conditional switches. I asked about how many I've had, and the number was so large it nearly filled the screen. If you look at the details, it could be literally anything. Your taxi driver decides to plow into a busy intersection after realizing he's wasted his life. That gas station clerk thinks death by cop wouldn't be a bad idea, and unlucky you just happens to be number one on the spree. It could be a slip in the bathroom. You didn't look both ways across the street and don't see the bus careening around the corner. A stubborn drunk believes they can make the drive home, and while on the highway hops over the median and slams into you head on. Your life partner takes out a pretty life insurance policy on you and gets away with it. Your neighbor decides to not be too neighborly. You fit a serial killers profile, and wouldn't your skin make a lovely carpet? Well, as a secondary spoiler, it doesn't. There are echoes of choices you've made. I don't remember the word for it, about the call of the void, where you stand on the roof and look down, thinking you could simply jump and it would all be over. Many versions of yourself have taken that jump. Millions upon millions of tiny details, mistakes and choices made every moment of every day that could have drastic consequences, unforeseeable and sprawling in every conceivable direction. A significant portion of these deaths being entirely out of your control, often the result of decisions made by complete strangers. So many of those deaths jumbling together, each little video always ending with some mangled version of yourself, lifeless and very dead, switched to another reality where sanity's grip is a little stronger. If you want my advice? Try not to think about it. Your switch could happen a dozen times in a day, and you would never know it. So why bother? -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 