
The car door slammed shut behind me with a tinny metal pop. I swallowed, sitting idly in the passenger's seat. Each second felt like torture, like swimming through a dense sea of straight tension as I waited for him to come out. And by the time he finally did, slipping from the front entrance with a scary amount of ease, the tension didn't let up even a bit. Noah swung open the driver's side door with a smirk and spared an unsettling glance at me. He started the car only a moment later and peeled out without a sound. "Noah?" I finally asked as we turned off onto a public street. He raised an eyebrow, not even looking over at me. "What?" I blinked, all of my questions rising to the forefront of my mind. I just stared at him and watched him cringe as he heard my questions without even needing me to open my mouth. "Right," he said. "That." "What the hell happened in there?" I asked. Noah chuckled. "I didn't get the job." "*Noah*," I said through gritted teeth. "What the *hell* happened." My devilish, mind-reading friend finally looked over me and his smile dropped all at once. "I just took care of some things." "Some things? It's an FBI facility, Noah. Things like what?" His grin rushed back, far toothier than before. "When I went in there for the interview, I'd tried not to read their minds. I wanted to make a good impression, and I *definitely* didn't want them to come down on me for knowing anything that I shouldn't." "Okay..." I said, nodding for him to continue. "But their thoughts... their thoughts were so loud. All of the secrets were at the surface of their mind. Free pickings if you ask me. So I let myself slip. Just a little, you know. I just dug for a few seconds to see if I could satiate my curiosity." I swallowed, but my mouth was suddenly far too dry. "And?" He sneered. "And what I found was horrible. They're watching, Matt. They're watching everything. They *know* everything. And yet so much slides. Do you know how many back-room deals they make with bad, *bad* people just to further their intelligence?" My eyes split wide, new questions rising up. "I-I don't--Noah, what did you *do*." He chuckled nervously. "After I'd learned that... all bets were off. After telling you to go out to the car, I slipped back in to continue the interview. But instead, during their questioning, I found the layout of the entire facility. So, at the first opportunity, I asked them to point me in the direction of the bathroom and went to grab this." Noah fished through his pockets and pulled out a matte black flash drive. "It's actually stupid how easy it was to get." "What is *that*?" I asked, nearly spitting words out through my teeth. "Information," he said, stashing it back in my pocket. "What are *you* doing with it?" He chuckled, keeping his eyes on the road. "What are *we* going to do with it, you mean." I was already shaking my head. "Noah... what are you--" "You know," he cut in awkwardly. "Sometimes I wish you could read *my* mind." "Noah. Spit it out." He clenched his jaw, taking a deep breath. "With all that information they have, they could be stopping so many people--they could be stopping *everything*. But they aren't." "Noah, they're probably--" I started, but he didn't let me get very far. "Information is power," he spat. "I use it to help people each and every day. And if they can't use information like it's meant to be used..." Color drained from my face and my eyes bloomed as he turned to me, his lips splitting into a grin. "Then we'll just have to do it ourselves." --- /r/Palmerranian 