
T't'the't't clacked nervously as his tendrils hardeneded and softened, the non-newtonian fluid being of great fascination to the human beside it. It made a series of discrete, nonsensical vocalations, at which the translator began to buzz. T't'the't't needed to get the housing realigned - that sound was beginning to drive him to madness. "So, how do you move the tendrils? Are muscles work as fibrous constructions, contractions caused by electrical potential build-up." T't'the't't did his equivalent of a nod - several species in the galaxy had such systems for locomotion. It was fairly rare, however, and more common to those who grew up in high-gravity, dangerous environments, where protracted usage and long-term durability were key. T't'the't't issued a series of sounds in response, which sound rather like a child slapping washed-up bull kelp together. Once the translator module reverted it back through the various lingua franca of the galaxy, and then into whatever language the human spoke, the result sounded like: "They are non-newtonian. Nerve tissue grows on the outside, which creates small pockets of high-velocity fluid, which in turns hardens a localized portion. Repeat that in a specific orientation, and you can move the grasping arm." The human, in turn, gave it's own appreciative nod at the information, and reclined in its seat. "So, you are a healer, no?" T't'the't't asked, wondering just at the trepidation some of the former delegates had shown. The prospect of working with a relatively young species was of great interest to the galactic medical community, especially those that lived on a harsher world such as earth. But the first of them that had returned from the planet's capital had done so with dour and grey expressions, and would not release a detail of their reports. The secretary general had even told him to 'steel himself'. Strange, when the humans had been nothing but polite, professional and positively ecstatic to meet other creatures. "Doctor, yes," it quickly said. T't'the't't nodded for him to continue, as he took another bite from one of the human's confections. Not quite as good as the ones on PX4-1927 Prime, but very inventive with flavours and textures. Sweets disregarded, the term 'doctor' as 'a medical provided subject to standards and regulations from its own members' was a quite common one. "Surgeon, actually," it continued, taking another swallow from his glass. "I'm sorry..." T't'the't't, 'frowning' "my translator must be incorrect. It suggested you were a 'butcher'." "Not too far from the truth sometimes," it laughed. T't'the't't was not as amused by the remark. "Could you explain?" he inquired. "Well," the human said, pausing as it seemed to reach for the right words, "actually, it might be easier if I just showed you." It promptly produced some sort of small screen, which appeared to be some sort of radio telecommunication devices. "So, well, a team of my colleagues sent me a video clip today. Removing a stabilizing rod in the lower tibia - it's an extension of our endoskeleton, sometimes can get fractured due to blunt trauma, and that sort of thing. So we leave it, to stabilize the fracture as the bone heals." The screen showed a recording of several blue-green-garbed humans gathered around... was that another human? Ah, lying down for the atomic scan, to be sure. It had a strange position, however, one leg was bent at its mid-joint, the "knee" T't'the't't thought it was called. Metal protrusions stuck out the side, rounded with small opaque handles. Well that was odd. "Now wait, wait, here comes the good part. Sometimes it gets a little jammed and you've got to crank it a bit." T't'the't't looked on, rather unimpressed with the procedure and the more primitive technology. That is, until one of the garbed humans picked up a hammer. T't'the't't was found several minutes later by one of his colleagues, who was shocked and alarmed at the state of nauseated agitation that their friend was experiencing. "What on this world is wrong with you? Are you ill?" the twisting cloud of endoplasmic jelly bubbled out when it witnessed the tendrils stiff and white. "I have to get off this planet," he said. "What? Why?" T't'the't't looked at the fluid creature with sheer unadulterated terror in its beady eyes. "Orthopedics." &#x200B; &#x200B; *I write all sorts of silly things at* /r/The_Alloqium*.* 