
I'm an artist working in different mediums. One of the things I do is speed portraits at events. I can draw a pretty spot on likeness in around two minutes. Like a human photo booth, except it takes longer, and you're getting stared at intensely by a stranger trying to capture your likeness. In two minutes I talk with and get a really good look at everyone I draw. I can draw around 30 people an hour, and it's not unusual for an events to run around 6 hours or so. That works out to me briefly meeting around 180 people a night. It's speed dating on a massive scale. I chat up and draw entire social networks. Friends, family's, co-workers, and all the people they drag along. I do a lot of other stuff as well, but In this capacity I meet a lot of people, some of them over and over again. It was a gradual realization. The cities, faces, names and ages change, but I'd see it. Something in the eyes, a gesture, a knowing look, a reoccurring comment or joke. We have met over and over again you and I, I see you, and sometimes you know I know. You are divided among many lives, hiding behind many faces, seeing the world through many eyes, but parts of you are waking up. You are slowly becoming aware of your multifaceted self. I'm seeing you more and more now. Parts of you know, other parts suspect, that you are more then yourself, that the face behind your different faces has been recognized and that I, or should should I say we, know who you are. Because, up until recently, I thought I was the only one scattered across the world, living these many lives, alone with my many selves, even in a crowd - but I've found you, over and over again. I know now that you're out there too. We've passed on many streets, smiled with many mouths, nodded with many heads. Though, I suspect you do not yet know just how widespread you are, how many faces you have, and how many scattered lives you are living. You are reading this now with a single set of eyes, one of your many faces lit by a screen's light. Different aspects of you shared the fact that you visit this site. Other versions of you have read this already and have subtly directed you here again through unconscious connections you are only starting to become aware of. This is an olive branch - branching out, the first of many. A fraction of me is speaking to a fraction of you. I'll contact you in different ways as well. Stare deeply into the eyes that meet yours, study the faces that you see, look for reoccurring gestures, listen for reoccurring comments or jokes. I can't tell you my name - I have so many. I simply am, divided between bodies, smiling with different faces, in towns, cities, and counties across the world - reaching out with all these hands, for you. 