
A million a year. It's a pretty sweet deal, to be sure. At the end of each year, your mental state is evaluated and if you are deemed still sane, you are given the opportunity of another year. I'm approaching the end of my fifth year with all mental faculties still intact, fully willing to take a sixth. I don't need it, the four million has been sat pretty much untouched in my bank account, waiting for me to retire this job and decide what to do with it. I'm leaning towards a nice house in a nice area, with top of the line kitchen and living room. A fair portion donated too - I'm a charitable person at heart. The only catch is I have to make it to the end of each year without the phone ringing. Seventeen days away from the fifth anniversary of the job, it rings. The ring tone is shrill. My room is fairly empty anyway, a fridge with an amazingly quiet hum, a chair and the table, so the sound echoes. A beacon to the end. If the phone ever rings, the contract automatically terminates at the end of the call. No exceptions. They never want into detail, just that it was vital the call went answered and everything would be explained afterwards. So, I answer it. 'Hello?' Three little words come back, shaky and breathless. 'All is lost.' My heart drops. There are two phrases they prepared me for. 'It is done' was one. If I heard that, I press the blue button underneath the the earpiece. 'All is lost' is the keyword for the green. The one that truly ends everything they've been keeping a secret in this facility. I press the green. They've kept me from the outside world for the entire duration of my employment. I haven't seen the news, haven't spoken to anyone except those in charge of this programme who speak only in hushed whispers to each other of the outside. I don't know then, that the war that broke out has killed most of my country, and those surrounding us. That life as we know it has already ended. I didn't know that, after the last war, they'd converted the government buildings in every city into nuclear bombs activated by a single button in an unknown, secure location. I ended the world at the request of a single phone call. But I get to live through the end of the world and beyond, in this bunker built to survive the destruction it causes with those deemed necessary for survival. I have to live with the knowledge that a phone call of three words was the end of everything. 