
"Oh no" I looked up at the Demon, the tablet held delicately between wickedly curved talons. With one of these, he tapped on the screen, carefully at first before getting more frantic. He breathed out deeply, a flicker of blue flame. "What's oh no?" I glanced down at myself. I didn't feel any different. "Contract not good enough? I thought a soul was standard." "Yes, it is" the demon said but his eyes never left the screen in front of him. Frills of scaled skin raised up on his neck, surrounding him like a serpentine peacock tail. "Hell damned machines! What was wrong with blood and paper!" "For what its worth, i like the idea of virtual more than blood." The demon ignored me, raising the tablet above its head, passed its curved horns and waving it about. I think it was trying to get signal. "Shouldn't i feel different?" I asked, patting my chest and stomach. "I don't feel any different." The demon stared at the screen a moment longer before letting out a dejected sigh. He looked up at me, his rectangle pupils surrounded by a bright amber. He bared his fangs, two inch long yellowed blades that jutted past his black lips. I realised he was trying to smile. "Been a slight hiccup you see" the demon announced, reaching out and passing the tablet halfway across the summoning circle. "Just need you to tick this box and sign again and off we go!" I grabbed the tablet from him, careful not to let my hand enter the circle. I scrolled back to the top. "Not necessary!" the demon yelled and he was pressed as close to the summoning wall as possible, his horns making small sparks as they hit the boundary. "Just standard boilerplate!" I snorted. Sign a contract with a demon without reading it first? Who would make that mistake? Again. My eyes rested on the final clause. Interesting. "I own your soul?" The demon winced and moved back a few paces, hands resting on his brown furred knees. "No. Not really. Well kind of. But just sign and we can fix it." I clicked my tongue and looked from the demon to the screen and back again. "What does it mean?" "What?" "Owning your soul. What does it mean?" "Well it means you have my soul. Wait, you didn't read this in the initial contract?" I blushed slightly but shook my head, waving the tablet at him threateningly. "It means that you have well...ownership of me." "So you're my slave?" "Well i wouldn't say a slave. I just have to do what you say." "That's a slave. Holy shit, i have a demon slave." The demon bared its fangs and this time it was no attempt at a smile. "Listen you little punk, just sign and i won't rip the skin from your body. Sound good?" He stretched out one claw tipped hand and dragged it down the circle's barrier, a screeching noise emanating with the sparks. I considered this. "Sit" I said and the seven foot monstrosity immediately folded into the semblance of a crouch. He looked down at himself and winced once more. "Oh this is going to be fun." r/AMSWrites 