
The cramp in his calf knotted up again in white hot pain. "God damn it!!! Will you STOP doing that?" A menacing and undoubtedly demonic voice replied back from within Fred's head. "Feel my wrath, human! I will impose my will on you as I see fit! Your shell is now my domain!" The calf pulsed as the cramping intensified. Fred grabbed the edge of the sink and stared into his own bloodshot eyes. "Look. If all you can do is give me fucking leg cramps, you're either an asshole or you don't know what you're doing!" Silence hung in the air. "That's it! You don't know what you're doing! Do you?" A voice roared in his head "SILENCE HUMAN! I WILL NOT....." Fred grimaced and quickly cut him off. "I will. Because all you can do is give me a charlie horse. I opened myself up to you. I performed the ritual correctly. I expected to be possessed by a demon who would guide me to greatness! What do I get? An idiot!" The voice sullenly grumbled "I'm not an idiot." as the cramping in his calf eased. "I'm doing the best I can." Fred eyed his own reflection as his face drew into a contemptuous sneer. His own sneer. Not the demon's. "And now I know that demons can pout." "I'm not pouting!" the demon replied in a tone that was definitely pouting. "Do you think it's easy to just pop right in to someone and hit the ground running? For all the times I've done this I...." Fred cut him off again. "How many?" The demon went silent. "HOW MANY TIMES HAVE YOU DONE THIS, DEMON?" The demon sheepishly replied "Well. There's this time." "And?" Fred queried. The demon coughed. "Just this time." Fred shook his head and sat down on the toilet. The cold porcelain pressed into his back. He looked at his naked body and studied the sigils he'd painted on himself for the earlier ritual. "Fine, demon. We're soul bonded, so I'm stuck with you. You and I are going to work together. I am going to teach you how to properly possess a human being. We are going to achieve greatness together. Do you understand me?" Silence hung in the air. "I SAID.... DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME, DEMON?" A quiet, "Yes." echoed within his head. "Now, demon, tell me your name." "My name is Philbert." the demon replied in a still-pouty tone. Fred rested his head in his hands. This was going to be a long and trying lifetime. Edit: Line breaks! 