
"Kind of a lame addition to the Museum of the Millennium, eh, James?" James shrugged, going back to mopping the floors. "Yeah, guess so." "You didn't even look at it!" "Yeah, yeah, Aaron. Just give me a minute." *Don't even know why they make me wipe these stupid floors. Cheapskates can't even afford some basic cleaning droids.* James lazily drug his mop across the shining marble floor, the harsh chemicals rendering any germs utterly obliterated, but leaving his work boots unscathed. *Long as I don't trip, there's nothing to be worried about. Why is Aaron so scared of this stuff?* James sighed as he leaned the mop against the wall, having finished the section he was working on. Course, he wasn't *done,* but that could wait for after Aaron was done with his bellyaching about whatever new artifact was added. "Come on, man," James said as he walked over to the glass case where the artifact was held. "New stuff gets donated all the time. Why you so interested in this?" He glanced into the cage, raising an eyebrow. The artifact in question was...oddly shaped. Some kind of ring was in the center of it, with odd metallic objects dangling from the sides. They were all grooved, with some being larger than others, and though they bore the wear and tear of age, they still bore faded logos of companies long since- "Should we touch it?" "What? No!" James backed away slightly. "I want to *keep* my job, man. Everyone knows you're not supposed to-" "-Not supposed to touch the artifacts, yadda yadda, I get it!" *You most certainly don't care, do you?* "All I'm saying is, this is the first on we don't recognize since that old...what was it? Threevee?" "Teevee, I think." James sighs. Aaron would most certainly continue pestering him - since he was the head janitor, James had the only master key out of the night staff. "Pleeeease?" Most would consider Aaron's puppy-dog face adorable. James found it highly annoying. "Fine. Just give me a minute." James unlocked the case quickly, getting in between it and Aaron before the latter could grab it. If this was something dangerous, he didn't want it in that idiot's hands. As he unlocked it, a finger brushed against the metallic grooves, and James reeled back in shock. Hundreds of memories flew into him all at once, memories of a life long past - but one stood above the rest. *"Of course it would take 10,000 damn years to find my car keys."* Edit: Didn't expect my story about losing car keys to earn me my first gold. Thank you so much! 