
I wanted to know how many times I'd cheated death. We've all done it a few times at least, making that split second call to narrowly avoid a car accident, a fall down a flight of stairs, a dark alley on a quiet night that just doesn't feel quite right. But I wanted a number, proof. I wanted to know. The machine was a clever thing, a look into the past, along timelines that science had only recently discovered how to read. It was somewhat useful for future sight as well, but I wasn't interested in that. Only the rich had access to those secrets. But even someone as mundanely middle class as me could afford to gaze into the past. And gaze, I did. It began when I was young, brushing death in my cradle as I fell asleep in a poor position, nearly crushing the air from my new lungs. It progressed through my youth and the car that swerved to avoid me as I chased my ball out into the street. And then there was Bennie. And Bennie. And Bennie again. From our first meeting two months ago, every day until now. Every time he looked at me, his smile showing too many teeth. Every time we sat down together on the couch to watch TV. Every time we went out, his gait slowly changing, too subtle for me to catch, though obvious when laid out like this on the screen. The projection ended, and I was left sitting in the chair, stunned and confused. There was a small readout at the bottom of the screen, a list of potential causes of death. I found the memories involving Bennie, and I read through them carefully, over and over, sure that there must be some error, some mistake. But no, the narrowly avoided cause of death was always the same. It wasn't supposed to be like this. It wasn't fair. I'd lost my previous best friend a year ago, a victim of cancer at the ripe old age of 22, and in the months that followed, my emptiness had driven me to go out for a long walk in the park. That's where I'd met him. Bennie had been there for me. Bennie was a small bright spot in my days, and he helped heal the empty place Gracie had left when she'd died. And now this. I thanked the secretary as I left the offices and made my way home slowly. On the way, I made a call, listening to the technician, the warnings, and the demand to bring Bennie in immediately. I said yes. What else could I do? Bennie was there to greet me when I opened my apartment door. His wide grin showed each and every one of his gleaming white teeth. White teeth, each one a potential needle bearing a lethal injection. "Hey, Bennie," I said quietly as he leaped up and tried to lick my face. I held him back, and he ran around me in a narrow circle as I got out the leash and hooked it into his collar. His tail wagged, excited at the thought of going out for a walk. "We're just going to make a quick trip to the vet. Then everything will be okay." Bennie barked, a happy sound. Maybe that was the mercy of being a puppy. He was too young to know bad words like 'bath' and 'bad dog' and 'vet'. Too young to ever know the meaning of a word like 'rabies'. ***** r/Kathiana 