
Time. I've forgotten what it is. Its concept lost to me like the stars. Stars. I'd blink, and just like that, they were gone... It's easy to forget when you're an immortal like me. Especially if you're drifting in space, staring into nothing for... god knows how long. Maybe until the end of time or maybe... time has already ended. I don't know. I don't remember - no, that isn't exactly true. I remember... but I don't *know* what I'm remembering. It's difficult when memory becomes a broken reel, glimpses of a past in no particular order. I just hope that maybe someday, I'll be gone. Maybe - "Evan? Jesus! Why is it that every time I wake up, you're already awake?" I blinked. The darkness suddenly gone, replaced by a woman in a skintight suit. "Because I'm immortal you imbecile," I thought aloud. Oh. I hadn't meant to say that part out loud. I eyed the the woman nervously. But the woman only laughs. "Uh huh. Yeah, I'm immortal too. Let's make a club." I smiled. Her sarcasm was... refreshing. Her face creases into a frown, giving me an indignant look, "Don't tell me you forgot my name again Evan." I looked away, turning my attention back to the Viewport, a concave pane of glass that provided the crew with a view of the outside. There were stars. A vast sea of lights on a swirling black canvas. "Uh. I-" "And what are you doing out of Stasis? I swear, I never see you in your pod Evan," she resumed her interrogation of me. "Even the others spend most of their time in stasis... You're the only one Evan." I gave her a sidelong glace. "What? No. I was... in Stasis. Just a few moments ago before you showed up." "Really?" she intoned mostly to herself. "Yeah. Really," I said firmly. "What about you? What are *you* doing out of stasis?" I asked, turning the interrogation around on her. She flushes. "R-routine check-ups obviously. Who's gonna make sure the cryogenic chambers remain stabilized huh?" "Don't we have ALE, the unerring A.I. to take care of that?" I returned the ball back to her side elegantly. "Even A.I.s make mistakes," she replied swiftly. "Well, let's hope ALE doesn't make any mistakes. Wouldn't want to cut our journey short would we?" She perked up abruptly, and began punching inputs on a display panel nearby. "Are we almost there? How long have I been asleep? No, how much time has passed since we embarked?" I only shrugged as I watched her silently. She gasped. "What's wrong?" I asked. "It's been twelve thousand years, Evan!" she exclaimed. "And we're not even a quarter-way there," she slumped visibly. "You should go back to stasis," I suggested. I watched her as she sighed before turning away from the panel. "You're right," she said quietly. "Let's go," I said. Together we returned to the Cryochamber. I slid into my pod slowly, then glanced to my side. Her pod was right next to mine. "Evan," she said. For a moment we locked eyes. Her eyes of swirling green emeralds were glazed. Her name, which has eluded me so far, suddenly came to me. "Cathryn," I said. "So you do remember," Cathryn said softly. "I'm sorry," I said. "It's-" "It's okay Evan. I know it's not easy," Cathryn said as she wiped a tear from her eye. "A couple thousand years? Even I would forget." My eyes went wide. She knew. "Since when?" I asked. Cathryn smiled. "Since the third time I woke up and found you staring off into space." "Oh." "You'll still be here right? The next time I wake up? It'll be another three thousand years from now..." she said wearily. "Yeah. I'm pretty sure I'll be here for a while," I said reassuring her. "Why?" "I'm just worried that... Someday, I'll wake up and you'll be gone," Cathryn said as she drifted into sleep. If only that were true. I smiled. "I'll see you in three-thousand years." I left the pod, and made my way back. Back to the Viewport where time didn't mean anything to me. Where I would once again stare off into space unblinkingly, waiting for the next time she would appear. It won't be long. ----- ----- /r/em_pathy 