
The bar was packed and it seemed to Balthasar the Brilliant a perfect night to make a few bucks. He brushed down his tuxedo, slicked back his hair, then took a deep breath and strode up to a table he'd picked out. Gathered around it was a small group of giggling, middle-aged women, who were enjoying a few drinks. Perfect. "A magic trick perhaps, ladies?" asked Balthasar, raising a single eyebrow. "Or, a little hypnosis, maybe?" "Oo, a magic trick, please!" came the enthusiastic reply of one of the more inebriated women. Balthasar nodded and smiled. "Well," he began, "I do have this one trick, where I remove a few years off the age of a person." He leaned down towards the women and lowered his voice to a deep whisper, "but if I took any years off you ladies... you wouldn't be allowed to stay in the bar." The women giggled and one went as red as a tomato. "So instead," Balthasar continued, "how about we start with a card trick?" He took out a packet of cards from his jacket pocket and fanned them out in his hand. He offered them to a woman with a long, crooked nose. "Please... take any card you like." The lady plucked out the second card from the top. "Look at it and don't let me see. That's right. Now, remember what card you had. Place it facedown on the table and put your hand on top of it. Yes, that's right." Balthasar placed his own hand very softly on top of the lady's, all the while looking her dead in the eye. "Mm, yes... your hand is giving me many signals." He gave her a wink. The lady smiled salaciously. "Bet it's a *very* hard trick," she said, with a wink of her own. "Please," he continued, finally removing his hand from hers, "raise your hand from the card." "It's gone!" she shouted, in absolute confusion and delight. "The card, girls - it's gone!" "Ah! But is it? Please, check your handbag." The lady unzipped her bag. "There's a card in here!" she exclaimed. "Please, show the ten of hearts to your friends," Balthasar said smoothly, looking away from the table and preparing for their amazed reaction and the adulation that would surely follow. "Balthasar's a hack," said one of the other women. "Excuse me?" Balthasar snapped, turning to look straight at the offender. "The card. That's what it reads. It's a joker, and there's writing on it. *Balthasar's a hack*." "That- that wasn't my card," said the first woman, looking a little disappointed. A second man walked up to the table, dressed in a loose Hawaiian shirt that showed off a vast jungle of chest hair. "Excuse me, senorita," he said in a thick Spanish accent. "Was this, perhaps, your card?" He raised a hand to the lady's ear and whipped out the ten of hearts playing card. "That's it!" she shouted. "That was my card! How did you do it? What's your name?" The women's attention diverted fully to the newcomer, leaving Balthasar seething. "My name is *the Sensational Sebastian!*" He followed the announcement with a quick tap dance, in a fast Rumba beat. One of the women held out a five dollar note. "You're far too kind," he replied. "Oi," said Balthasar, "that's my money, Tim." "Oh?" replied Sebastian. He held the note up to Balthasar's face. "I am afraid, much like your career it is..." He waved his hand around in a blur, and suddenly the note vanished. The women on the table clapped rowdily. "...gone," he concluded. Balthasar clenched his fists. "No, no, no, senor - remember our pact. It always *must* be the honoured." "Oh for heaven's sake, stop with the terrible accent." Balthasar leaned forward and grabbed Sebastian's chest hair. He ripped it off in one swift motion. Sebastian looked down at his bare, pimply chest for a moment, then at the women, then finally, he screamed. "Give it a rest," said Balthasar, waving the fake hair in front of the women. "Why'd you do that, Mike?" said Sebastian, exotic accent completely forgotten. "You ruined my trick *and* you stole my money!" replied Balthasar. "I *improved* the trick. *Your* trick was awful - they wouldn't have tipped you for it. *You* should have tipped *them* for it!" "I found this table first - these ladies are mine. That money belongs to *me*," Balthasar argued. He rummaged through the fake chest hair, until he found the five dollar note. "Ah ha!" "You're not having it!" Sebastian shouted, as he threw a punch at Balthasar. It connected near the Tuxedo's chest pocket, and was quickly followed by a loud *squark* and an eruption of feathers. Balthasar's mouth dropped open. "Oh crap," said Sebastian. "I didn't know you've got Beatrice with you." "...*had* her with me," came the dejected reply, as Balthasar checked his inside pocket. "Keep the five dollars - it's fine. And the table. These customers are yo-" Sebastian turned to see the empty table. "Oh," "Oi!" came a voice from across the bar. A red-faced bull of a man came charging towards them from the other side of the bar. "I told both you muppets that you're banned from here! When I catch you, you're dead! The pair of you!" "Sorry about the bird," said Sebastian, holding out a hand. "Maybe we can... get past it?" Balthasar smiled, grabbed Sebastian's arm by the wrist, and said a few whispered words. Then, he hurtled towards the exit. Sebastian looked up to see the bar manager fast approaching, and decided to make haste himself - only, he *couldn't* - his feet felt like lead. "Oh shi-" was all he could manage, before the huge man's fist connected brutally with his nose. --- Thanks for reading. For more of my stories: /r/nickofnight 