
"uhhh... Thanks?" I looked down at the sleek black card in my hand. It read: Death- Entrepreneur, Financial Assistant, Death Agent. I looked up and he (it?) was gone, in his wake there was a pile of black goo, fun. Seriously confused, but somewhat satisfied, I turned and continued getting undressed. I crawled into bed, eager to face the eternity that waited for me. -5,000 years later- Sitting in the ruins of New New York, I sighed. "Well, that was fun" I looked left, nothing. Right, nothing. I though "screw it" and pulled out my Nokia 3310, ignoring the fact that cell service had long since been abandoned. Especially since, you know, everyone was dead. I dialed in the number Death had left me with all those years ago. The voice of a man picked up, "Hello?" "Uh, yeah, hi, I'm trying to contact Death. Is he home?" I heard a sharp intake of breath before: "Honey! It's for you!" The distant voice of a voice resounded, then heavy steps running down stairs, "I'm coming! Jesus Mom, can't you let me work?" An out-of-breath, annoyed voice roughly grabbed the phone. "Yes?" He said in exasperation. "What is it?" "Uh, yeah, my name is Brett, you gave me your number a few thousand years back. You said you had a job offer to give me?" "Really?" The voice responded, sounding cautiously optimistic, soon collapsing into blatant glee, "I was honestly starting to lose hope that you would call. Anyways, yeah, I figured that since the world has ended and the big G-man in the sky is thinking about startin' her around for another go, you might want to be Death. You see, I've received a job offer from Mega-Death, who is looking to retire. So... You interested?" I sat on my pile of rubble is slack-jawed shock. "Mega-Death? Really?" He giddily responded, "Yeah, I know, fantastic, right? He's like the manager of the Department of Death, which manage all of the Deaths, or "Grim Reapers", in the universe, it'd be a pretty huge step up in the career ladder for me. You'd really be doing me a favor. Plus, you get to hang out with a bunch of real cool guys." I ran my hand through my hair, "I mean, I really don't have much else to do... Ah, what the hell, I'll do it!" On the other end of the line (which was somehow still working) I heard nearly insane laughter. "Oh, thank God! You have no idea how long I've been waiting for this call! Okay, okay, just report to the ruins of the Empire State Building tomorrow, and Manuel Calavera will take you downstairs for training. Once again I would like to thank you, and hey, since I'll be your boss, maybe I can throw you a little slack once in a while, if you catch my drift." The line went dead, I returned to my somehow undamaged apartment and got into bed with the gut-wrenching feeling I had either made the best decision I had ever made, or the worst. 