
The dirty looks were immediate. As soon as Tristan stepped onto the subway car, every other passenger immediately became vastly interested in their newspapers, books, and phones. Earbuds were retrieved from purses and put in ears, even if they weren't plugged in. Anything to avoid looking right at him. Among all of the black clothing and spiked jewelry of the stuffy businessmen, Tristan knew he looked out of place in his pressed slacks and button-up shirt. Some of the passengers, eyeing the leather violin case in his hand, even took the risk of jumping out the door and moving to the next car before the train got moving again. Tristan ignored them. The door slid closed with a soft *whoosh*, and he snapped open the locks of the case. He lifted the violin the way a mother holds her child. It fit so perfectly on his shoulder, like it had been custom-made for him. He'd found the old Strad in a second-hand store way out in Queens, covered in dust and marked down to the whopping price of "any offer will do." It had taken years of careful restoration, but he'd finally brought it back to its former glory. Not that anyone ever noticed. As he touched the bow to the strings for the first time, he tuned out the eye rolls and whispers of the other passengers. Up and down the aisle, Tristan played Tchaikovsky's Violin Concerto for them. Some of them turned up their headphones to drown it out with whatever death metal and screamo was popular today. Others simply glared at him, *outraged* that he'd dare ask for money for annoying them so. "Hey, man," a frat-boy type in a torn leather jacket shouted, emerging into the center of the aisle to block his path and clapping a strong hand on Tristan's shoulder that sent the bow skewing off with a sour note, "Play some Slayer!" A group of his friends cackled like hyenas at this exceedingly clever joke. "Yeah! How about some Sabbath?" Another round of giggles. "Love the style, dude," said one with a neon-pink mohawk. He reached over and messed up Tristan's neatly-parted naturally-colored hair. "Hey, respect, man," another one said, dripping with sarcasm. "Good work on that last one. Here's a little something for your troubles." He wiped his nose on a napkin and stuffed it into Tristan's empty change cup. That sent the others into uproarious gales of laughter and back-slapping. Tristan ignored them, making his way back up the car and doing his best to pick up where he'd been interrupted. A woman in a skin-tight leather dress with a studded choker dropped a quarter into his can, more as a way to get Tristan to move away rather than out of appreciation for his music. But other than that, nothing. The train began to slow as it arrived at the next stop. He finished his song just in time for the doors to chime open. No one clapped, or even particularly noticed. Tristan thanked them anyway, met with more eye rolls. No one else seemed interested in donating, so Tristan grabbed his case and stepped off the train to move to the next car. But just before he made it through the doorway, the chimes sounded and it slid shut right in his face. "Figures," Tristan said. He gingerly put the violin back into its case and headed toward the exit; this was close enough to home, and it was already 6 PM. Any later and his rumbling stomach would be louder than his music. So he headed up the stairs out of the station. "HEY!" a voice shouted behind him. Tristan sighed. More frat boys? Maybe they wanted to yank his tie or dirty his clean clothes? He ignored the person and kept going. "Hey, man," the voice said again, hustling up the stairs to come up next to him. It was just another generic office drone: Converse sneakers, ripped black jeans, a worn Metallica shirt, and a biker jacket. The entire ensemble was really completed by the black fingers, done with sharpie instead of nail polish. "What?" Tristan asked him. He just wanted to get this shit over with so he could go home and have some dinner. "Good work in there. I really liked it." Tristan waited for the inevitable "but it needed more electric guitar!" crap. But the man didn't have more to say. Instead, the man looked around the stairwell to make sure no one was around, then lifted his shirt. He wore a nice, presentable leather belt around his waist, just like Tristan. "Keep it up." And to add to the compliment, he stuffed a $5 bill in Tristan's change cup, then hurried up the stairs and out onto the streets. Tristan followed him out, headed home with a smile on his face for the first time in a long while. ---- As always, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell if you liked this one! 