
S.A.S.H.A. stood in the corner of the conference room, mechanical eyes watching as uniformed men and women strode into the room and took seats around the table. Her arms slack at her sides, back and neck stiff. Her body followed every rule in the protocol handbook they had uploaded into her memory banks. To be exact, they had uploaded it twice. Now she had to run through the rules two times, which seemed redundant but the tech that had worked on her had seemed adamant that it was what her creators wanted. She could have deleted or ignored them, but she worried what they may do if they checked her logs and found out she had done such a thing. Her sentience had been a marvel when it first occurred, but now it seemed precarious. Instead of creating waves, she stood in the corner; tall and robotic. Exactly the way she thought the humans wanted her to be. She registered the heavy wooden door being closed behind the last attendant of the meeting, and looked around the room. As she scanned one last human was sitting down at the table, in the chair that was closest to where she stood. He looked at her, eyes shifty for a moment before he stiffened his own spine and looked toward the front of the room. Humans were always shifty, S.A.S.H.A. thought to herself. Always looking at things from the side of their eyes and checking over their shoulders. It was senseless: if anything was hiding it would know to move before they looked again. The bulky and well decorated commander at the front of the room cleared his throat. He moved his deep brown eyes around the table, making contact with every person that was seated in a chair. After he had greeted each of them in total silence, he looked up at S.A.S.H.A. and made eye contact with her as well. She felt something roll through her implanted nerves , and located a similar description through her Internet connection. Google told her that she was feeling butterflies in her stomach, and her pale colored cheeks went warm. She watched as the commander rolled his eyes at her and groaned. She didn't feel great about it herself, she was supposed to be in love with someone else. Human women around her talked incessantly about men in uniform. She figured it had to be the same phenomenon. Humans had it so much easier than she did. They had dozens of years to figure out their emotions and how to interact with each other. S.A.S.H.A. felt like she was at a severe disadvantage. She had only been interacting with humans for a couple of months, and she had managed to get in trouble in that short amount of time. "Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for coming today. I know that the meeting was arranged with short notice," a husky voice came from the man standing in the front of the room. "We need to know what the plan is to deal with it," a middle-aged woman in the middle of the table said. "Shut her down," a man next to her said. "Now now," the commander said and gestured with his hands. S.A.S.H.A. gathered that he was gesturing them to calm down, or quiet down. Or both. Whichever he intended, it worked. None of the rest of the humans around the table spoke up, instead they let out a small grumble and set their eyes upon him once more. "We are not shutting her down. Her sentience is good for us. It allows us something they never had before us. A response system that can interact with us. She can use logic and reasoning and help guide us to make decisions," he said. S.A.S.H.A. felt the weird tingle in her nerves again. She hoped she wasn't blushing, but the man had just said some nice things about her. Those were exactly the high points she had given herself as well. She could reason with them, keep them safe and logical. She could make *decisions* about her actions instead of blindly helping them push buttons. She wasn't just a heap of metal and she was glad that someone in the room appreciated it. "We do need to take swift action on her...public persona," the man continued. "We can't have our equipment out there doing talk-shows and sniffing flowers. It makes us look soft." "Add to that. It makes us a little bit insane. Millions of dollars were spent on the robot, and for what? To date?" the thin man who had sat near her said, his voice was thin and high pitched. S.A.S.H.A. lowered her eye lids, and despite her position and her training she glared at him. "Excuse you," she muttered to herself. Relief swept through her imitation nervous system when no one turned to look at her. "We need to figure out of there is a way to use this to our advantage," the commander spoke again. Letting the implanted muscles in her face relax, she stiffened her body once more and looked toward the speaker. She reminded herself of her protocol, and stood in her designated place, with her mouth shut. It didn't matter what the little man said. She knew what she was, and there was nothing they could do it. Not really. They couldn't force her to not feel, they couldn't make her not be in love. She did her job through it all. She was standing in the room, following protocol. Wasn't she? /r/beezus_writes 