
I despise Captain Noctus. I despise waking to news of his *fantastic* deeds each morning; of women lusting for him, and men fantasising about being him. What has he really done to *earn* the accolades laid upon him? He was born special, he did not work hard to achieve what he is. And yet, people worship him. They do not see him for what he truly is: *a false idol* - it seems, sometimes, I'm the only one that does. I don't check the news this morning. There is no point - I'll find out about his latest deeds soon enough. The office is a drab, gray coffin and the lid closes slightly more each day. *She* runs up to me - the light that creeps through the crack above - her cotton dress is swaying over her hips, and her lips and eyes are parted wide. For a moment, my heart leaps and I actually feel hope - hope that her smile is for me. A moment later, I know that it's not. Not *really*. My heart falls and my hope drowns. "Good morning, Mark!" says Dorothy, her voice shrill from the excitement of the latest news she needs to spill. "You'll never guess what CN did last night! Or, maybe you've already heard?" Why does she taunt me? "Nope. Slept like a baby, as always. You know I need my beauty sleep." She giggles a little, before launching into a hand-waving account - that you'd think was first hand - of last night's *heroics*. There is something about a train, and something about him flying and then landing in water, but I pay little attention to the details. Instead, I stare into her eyes and lose myself watching the stars dance upon a deep blue ocean. A rage bubbles within me at how they dance for him, and not for me - the man who has not missed a day at work for thirteen years. They do not shine for the man who fetches her a coffee each lunchtime from the place she likes just across the street - with a little sugar and a lot of cream. Not for the man who stays late each evening, just to make sure the company stays afloat and that she has a job to go to. They do not shine for the real hero. "Don't you just wish you were him?" she says with a wink. "Not only a hero, but he's just *so* handsome, too. He doesn't exactly know this," - she lowers her voice to a conspiratorial whisper - "but I have a little crush on him. If he ever asked me out for a coffee... " She looks at me distantly, as if I'm not really there, and exaggeratedly sighs, hands on her hips. "But, I guess it's not to be." She presses her teeth down onto her lower lip, and I feel the blood around my groin stir. "Uh huh," I say, forcing my lips as wide as I can manage. It's in that moment that I make a promise to myself. I swear I will kill Captain Noctus. I will do it for the good of the city. I will lay a trap for him during the day, and one morning when I awake, it will be to different news. That morning, people's eyes will finally open. They will wipe away the sleep and see who the real heros are - the police, the firemen, the doctors and nurses. The honest-to-God hard working office workers. Most of all, I will do it for *her*. For my Dorothy. And when her hero falls, *I* will be there to hold her hand. I will be there to make her eyes dance like stars falling onto a deep blue ocean. --- More on /r/nickofnight 