
I try to pick up my spoon, determined to feed myself. It shakes in my hand, no matter how I tighten my grip, but I will not concede defeat, and manage to get a small dose of soup into my mouth. It is bland, tasteless. How far I have fallen. After so many years of faithful service, the Lady Death now turns her black eyes to me. My form withers beneath her gaze, corruption spreading from her caress. And the pain! Ye gods, the pain. A knock upon my door. I bid them enter, and the healer approaches. She is a pretty little thing, all blonde curls and vapid smiles. I doubt she has ever known true power. I doubt she ever will. "Your medicine, Lord Joros," she says, proffering a vial of clear liquid. I eye it warily. Innocuous as it looks, it has a foul taste that stays long after that initial swallow. Yet it is all that keeps my Lady from visiting, and I am not ready to make that journey yet. A swallow, a grimace, and it is done. She turns to leave, and a peculiar sensation washes over me. I grab her wrist. I do not want her to leave. Why? "Please," I hear myself say, "Stay a while. Hear me speak." The sensation grows stronger. Is this... *fear*? I dismiss the notion, but it returns. Again, and again. I am afraid. But why? "What would you have me hear, my lord?" she says. "I..." For once, words fail me. I want her to hear my words, but I cannot think of what to say. Why am I afraid? The answer comes swiftly, accompanied by anguish. I want to tell her of my service to my Lady, tales I have never shared with another. I do not want to be forgotten, when I am gone. And so I tell her. I tell her of the Shattered Isles, of my training at the hands of the Priest there. I tell her of my time in Threx, of the years of debauchery, wine and blood flowing in equal measure atop those cobbled streets. I tell her of my near-miss at the hands of another servant of my Lady, how I left his head at the summit of the Iron Mountain, as a warning to the rest. I tell her of the men, women and children who died at my hand. I tell her how their fear fuelled me, how it satisfied the hunger that plagues me even now. I tell her everything, and she listens without a word. "I am a disciple of the Lady Death." I say. I am tired now. Exhaustion grips me harder than before. The medicine must be losing efficacy. It will not be long before my journey begins. I close my eyes. "Me too," she says, wryly. And then I am staring at her, staring at the empty vial in her hand. Wasn't the medicine green earlier? My eyes flick back to her. She's smiling at me, not unkindly. I find myself smiling back. What is happening? "The Lady Death acknowledges your faithful service, Joros of the Night. This corruption that plagues you is not her doing. I am here to deliver you, safely, to her arms." My limbs are heavy now. I cannot lift them. All I can do, is stare at that smiling face, those blond curls, those green eyes. "Sleep now, Joros. You'll be with our Lady soon." I close my eyes again, and cannot open them. My strength fades. My journey begins. 