
Bullshit. What a ripoff. I wasted twenty minutes of life for this. My last kill was almost a month back and I could feel the bloodlust calling out to me. I knew what I had to do. *** I looked at the address. It was quite unexpected really. It was a regular suburban neighborhood. There was a damn gmc truck in the driveway for heavens sake. Did the creator of that website really live here? I waited. I watched. It looked like it was a small family. Three people. The guy looked to be about forty. The woman in her late thirties. They had a young daughter. Further research showed me that the guy was a software developer. The girl worked as a receptionist at some lawyers office. They looked like any ordinary family spread all over our country. Only they had made a small mistake. They had messed with me. People think the best time to attack is the night. But in my experience the best time is early morning. Especially in a neighborhood like this. My research showed me that they had a top notch security system. Typically at night, that would be activated. Plus it would be so quiet that everyone around them would hear their screams. And there would be screams. In the early morning people are in a hurry. If someone had a tv on quite loudly, no one has time to go to their house and argue. So it was around 7:15 when I knocked. After a while the woman opened the door. "Yes?" She looked at me, confused. I took out a knife and put it at her throat. "One sound and you're dead. Let's go inside." I went inside and made her sit at the dining table. I tied her hands and sat opposite her. "Where's your husband? And your daughter?" "My husband is shaving. My daughter is getting ready for school." "Do you know the website www.Psychopass.com?" "No." She said with some uncertainty. But there had been a sliver of recognition. It was enough for me. "Call your husband down." "Honey. Sammy." She called out. "I'll be right down." A voice responded from somewhere above me. I hid behind the door and waited. Soon enough Sammy Jones came into the kitchen smelling faintly of a nice aftershave. I smacked him at the base of the skull with my knife and he just fell in a heap. "Say anything and he's dead." I said to the woman and turned on their tv. I also turned up the noise to the maximum. I tied the guy to the chair as well and splashed some water on his face to wake him up. "Wha... what do you want? Who are you?" Sammy asked me. "Mr Jones. I am a patron. I was on your website earlier. You're ripping people off." "What website?" "He means the ones about the psychos, Sammy." "Thank you Amy. Always so helpful." I stuck my knife deep into her stomach. Looking at the red flow out of them always gave me a high. It was even better as I heard her husband scream. "So this is how it will go. You think I'm 7% psychopath. Well I have to prove you wrong, don't I? I don't have any other options." "Help us..." I followed his gaze and I noticed their young daughter standing there with a cookie in her hand. I stabbed Sammy in the stomach as well. That would keep him quiet for a while. I went up to their daughter. "This cookie looks real good." I took it and swallowed it whole. "You're really gonna steal a cookie from a twelve year old?" "Why not?" "That website... they wanted to see how bad I was. It was a little test. I knew about it of course. But you have to allow them little successes once in a while. Allows them to have hope. They remain happy with the status quo till they can succeed." "Wha..." I was struggling to get the words out as I felt my tongue going numb. "That result was on a scale. Based on me. You are 7% of a psychopath I am." I couldn't move my body. The knife fell from my hand and onto the ground. "You're going to have a really painful death. The cookie had a neurotoxin in it. You'll be alive but unable to move. I'll be stabbing you a few times. They'll probably do an autopsy on you. You won't be able to move. But you'll feel everything. You deserve it though. It took me like two years to train these two. I'll need to find new parents now. Break them and mould them. It's a hassle." I looked at the little girl in a pink dress as she picked up the knife and came towards me. "It's a shame really. It was pizza day at school today. But I don't think I'll get to go to school today. On the bright side people are always kind to orphans. So who knows. Maybe I can wrangle a pizza out of the first responders." I felt the pain shoot up my stomach. That was the moment I realized that the high I got from blood was only when it didn't belong to me. I tried to move but still nothing. The little girl tried out a couple of sentences before the called someone. "Hello police! There was someone in my house. He killed my parents. I managed to get the knife when he wasn't looking. I hit him with it. He's not moving." She broke down crying, pausing only to give me a grin and a thumbs up. ***** *minor edits* 