
The horde of zombies parted like the Red Sea being parted by Moses. W-was I really that repulsive? "Hurrr! Hurrr!" They babbled and moaned nonsensically to each other as I approached, pointing at me with their rotting fingers and then ambling away hurriedly. It was strange. Almost as if they could understand each other. I gave my pits a sniff and noticed that even the ones crawling on the floor picked up their pace, afraid that they would be left behind and eaten alive by the only living human on planet Earth. Yes, that's right. I am the last human alive on Earth. That's what I think at least because I haven't seen another human that wasn't a rotting corpse for -- two years? I'm not quite sure anymore. I've lost count. It might be more. Does it matter? Probably not. More importantly am I really the last the person on Earth? Maybe. It seems likely so far. Not like there's anyone alive to tell me different. As I came closer, the throng of decaying bodies threw themselves over each other in an attempt to get further away from me. "Hurr! Hurrr!" they shrieked as I came closer, becoming more frenzied, scrambling over each other for dear life. They were piling up high like a wall on each sides of me now as I strolled down the street. Suddenly something hard fell on my shoulder, bouncing off and plopping down in front of me. I looked down at the severed foot. It looked up at me and then scampered off. "Really?" I asked aloud. I've stayed bunkered in my basement for most of the years, only coming out for small scavenging trips but this was the first time I've run into a horde this big. And for some strange reason these damn zombie wanted nothing to do with my ass. It was almost as if I had unceremoniously released a toxic fart deadly enough to kill them all a second time. "Come on guys, this Isn't funny." Suddenly, I noticed something small near my feet. I looked down and spied a cute little zombie Chihuahua. It was missing one eye and one leg. "Awww," I knelt down and reached out with my hand. The little zombie Chihuahua hesitated, flinching back away from my hand then after seeing that I was harmless, trotted closer. It took one sniff of my hand and scampered away. "God damn it!" I shout in frustration. Even zombie dogs were avoiding me? What was I to live for? Has my life become meaningless? Then I noticed it. Among the horde of scrambling zombies, there was one that stood still, starring me down from down the street. He wore a nice black tuxedo, holding a bouquet of wilting flowers in his pale green hand. As I came closer, he kneeled down on one knee and raised a ring with his free hand. "Marr. Marr," he moaned as he looked up at me with one eye and it was hanging out of the socket. I rolled my eyes and sighed. "Not you again!" ------- -------- /r/em_pathy 