
The genie glared at the stick in front of it. The dog pawed it closer to him, wagging her tail with enthusiasm. "You have three wishes, dog," the genie said, his arms crossed, "but that does not make me your plaything. Please hurry this along, so I can once more go back to my slumber." "Bark!" the dog said, gazing at the genie with its bright blue eyes. "You would waste a wish on that? So be it. I shall throw the stick." The genie threw the stick far into the distance, and the dog immediately stumbled off to fetch it. The genie sighed, waiting for the dog to return. It came back with the stick in her mouth, looking immensely proud of herself. She put the stick in front of the genie again, moving slightly into the distance, readying herself to fetch it once more. "You only wished for one throw, dog," the genie said. "Please do not waste any more of my time." "Bark!" the dog replied. "No, you cannot wish for the same thing twice. You have already wasted one wish; do not waste them further. Think about what you truly want. It can be selfish, grandiose or otherworldly - it can be absolutely anything you want," the genie said, glancing at the dog's leg. The dog seemed to hesitate, then came right up to the genie. She rolled over, exposing her belly. "A belly rub? You would waste another wish on a *belly rub*?" The dog nodded, wagging its tail rapidly. "So be it, foolish creature," the genie said, lowering himself to pet the dog, "you shall get your belly rub." The genie rubbed the dog's belly for perhaps longer than he intended to. The creature was stupid, of that there was no doubt. But that didn't make it *bad*. "Now, dog. You only have one wish left. Do not think of a game of fetch, nor a belly rub. Think about what you want more than anything in the world. Whatever it is, I shall grant you it... and then take leave of you." The dog stopped wagging its tail, slowly getting back onto her three legs. It seemed to think long and hard. Eventually, it came to a decision. "Bark," the dog said. "You want your master to be happy? Dog, you do not have to worry about your master. You can wish for anything you want. Anything at all." The dog shook its head. "Bark," it repeated with conviction. "Well, if that is what you wish. Then tell me - where is your master?" The dog stared at the genie. She sat down in front of him, moving her nose towards him, as if to point. "You mean... you mean to say that *I* am your master?" The dog jumped up, fetching her stick once more and placing it in front of the genie. The genie looked at the dog, then the stick. He seemed to consider something. "Very well, dog," he said, picking up the stick with care. "Though I did not do a thing - your wish has been granted." ***** ***** If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 