
I step into the desert and death follows. I see my blood trailing behind me, stalking me. The sun is above me, bloated and baking, cooking the desiccated sand. I let out a sardonic laugh, then begin to cough, the blood coming out in a spray on my hand. I've done what I could. It wasn't enough. It's never enough. But I did what I could. I could die knowing that. I fall to my knees. The desert floor isn't as hot as I thought it would be. It feels comfortable, almost cold. I'd like to lay down on it, and I do. I turn over and look up at the sun. "Comfortable?" I hear a voice above me. The voice is soft, silken. Beautiful. "Sure," I say, smiling. It is comfortable. I feel I can take the longest nap. I could rest a long time here. It's not so bad out here. Not so bad. "Shot?" I hear another voice. This voice is rough, gravelly. Harsh. "Sure," I say again, touching my stomach. I wonder who these voices are out here with me. Out here so far. But this doesn't concern me much. What concerns me is to rest a little. Maybe take a nap before I begin again. The sun's intensity is dimmed by two people standing above me. I can't see them, they are just black silhouettes in the blind of the light. "You ready to die, Jake?" The soft voice asks me. I smile. "I suppose we never are ready for that--wouldn't you say?" I ask the voice above. "I wouldn't know, Jake." The soft voice says. "What I do know is we aren't ready for you to die, Jake. What you did back there. What got you this." The soft voice says, touching the wound in my stomach. "We were impressed with you, Jake." I don't say anything to that, I just cough again, curling up a little from the pain. I feel sweat coming down my face, down my neck, the sand sticking to my skin. It is becoming harder to breathe. I feel a coldness in my chest, down towards my stomach. "You may be the only one impressed with it," I say, trying to calm my body. I think of what I'd accomplished in this life. All summed, it wasn't much. It seems to be I'd only accomplished suffering. Suffering to all those around me. Suffering to those I loved. Suffering to those I only wanted to protect. "Would you like a second chance, Jake?" The harsh voice asks me. "I'm not sure," I say. What would I do with a second chance? Cause more pain? More suffering? Mess everything up again. It seemed that's all I was good for. "No," I say. "No, I don't think I want one. A man like me don't deserve a second chance." I close my eyes and let my body sink into the hard sand. "And that, my dear Jake, is exactly why we have chosen you." The silken voice says, close to my ear. "I don't know who you are," I say. "But you're bothering me. I'm here to die. A man's allowed to die in peace, is he not?" "Get up, Jake" the silken voice says. "Leave me alone," I say. "I got a right to die in peace." "You will get up, Jake." The harsh voice says. "You will go to the outpost and you will finish what you started. Then from there you will free this world of the tyranny that your people have brought it. You will do this at once." I was sinking down into myself trying to ignore the voices, but it has gotten louder, seems to seep into my mind. Then, suddenly, I can hear their voices together. "GET UP!" they scream, the intensity intolerable within me. I bolt upright, sucking in the stagnant hot air of the desert. I feel my side, the wound is gone. I don't feel so tired. I feel strong. I feel I could run at a full sprint back to the outpost. I look around for the two people standing above me, but I see no one. I stand up, covering my face, looking into the distance. There is no one. Nothing. I step forward and kick something buried under the sand. I look down and dig through it. There, buried, is a pistol, worn and rusted. Intricate designs covered the surface of the handle. They are of Nezuk origin, I know. I recognize the patterns. I toss the pistol in my right hand a little. The weight feels perfect. I look down and put it in my empty holster. A flash on the ground catches my attention and I see the shining metallic barrel of another pistol sticking out of the sand. I pick it up. This one isn't rusted. Nor worn. It is incredibly beautiful and shining with a perfect polish. It has the same Nezukian designs on it. The weight feels perfect in my left hand. *It is time to go, Jake,* I hear the silken voice in my head. I look down and know the voice is coming from the shining, beautiful pistol. *Go,* said the harsh voice, coming from the other pistol. And I went. Running as fast as I can back towards the Lycian outpost. Back to finish what I've started. Maybe to undo some of the suffering I've caused to so many people. People I had only wanted to save. ---- *PART II Below* 