
######[](#dropcap) Eliza gasped, her eyes shooting open. She wildly glanced around her bedroom, still feeling her heart pound in her chest. The barbie clock on her dresser. The purple duvet on her bed. And most importantly, the full glass of water by her bed. That meant... Without bothering to tug on her slippers, she raced out of the room and down the stairs. If the glass was full, that meant--she stopped when she saw the brown haired woman in the dining room, setting down the plate on the table. "Mom," she choked out, and she opened her arms wide, diving into the warm embrace. "Mom, I missed you." Her mother simply laughed, the sound reverberating through her chest against Eliza's ear. "Did you have a nightmare?" Eliza nodded furiously. In those ten years of her life, she had run away at the age of sixteen with a boy who was no good. A boy covered in tattoos and who rode a bike. Three years later, when she had realized her mistake and tried to return home, it was to the realization that her mother had died to breast cancer when she was gone. And she had been denied a goodbye. "I'm so glad you're here. I'm so so sorry," Eliza sobbed. She gripped onto the apron strings even tighter, so desperately afraid that her mother would disappear. Her mother didn't say anything, simply gently petting her hair and patting her back. "It's okay. It was just a dream," she said. She reached into the apron's pocket and pulled out something. "Look what I have for you?" Eliza wiped her eyes and glanced at the shiny object in her mother's hand. It was a silver bracelet with a heart charm on it. "Do you like it?" Eliza nodded and allowed her mother to put it on her. Eliza's mother bent down and looked her in the eye, her own blue eyes a calm, gentle aquamarine. "If you ever miss me, just pretend the bracelet is me, okay?" Eliza looked at her mother, then at the bracelet, and nodded. ***** "Mom, please!" Her mother laughed, even while keeping her eyes on the road. At the age of seventeen, Eliza had blossomed into a beautiful girl, and her mother found joy in seeing Eliza trying to fend off boy's advances. She trusted her daughter completely. And Eliza was glad for that. Because she had made the wrong choice once, and she wouldn't make it again. She clambered into the car and tossed her backpack into the backseat. Then, she brought out the brownie that she thought wasn't that special but her mom claimed was god's gift to earth. How on earth her mother could say that about brownies that came from her school's cafeteria, she would never know, but she bought one for her mother each day anyways. Her mother complained that Eliza was purposely trying to fatten her, but Eliza always simply smiled. Only she knew that her mother would be diagnosed someone within the next two years. Why shouldn't she find any joy she could out of life now? As the engine began to purr, Eliza frowned. "Do you hear that beeping?" Her mother looked over at her worriedly. "Do you hear it again?" "Nothing." Eliza shook her head. "Never mind." Over the past year, the beeping had gotten louder. She could never pinpoint where it came from, and no one else seemed to hear it. But now, it seemed almost deafening. A noise she couldn't ignore. And all of a sudden she felt like she couldn't breathe. She gasped for breath, trying to claw at her throat, but her hands seemed to be attached to lead weights. She was stuck, staring straight ahead, as her mother drove on, oblivious. Eliza closed her eyes. She could feel a rawness in her throat, an unbearable thirst. "Water," she croaked toward her mother, her eyes still closed. Moments later, a cool rim was pressed to her lips and she gulped in the liquid. "Slow down," a voice said. But it wasn't her mother's. Eliza struggled against her heavy lids until she finally opened them. What greeted her wasn't her room or the car, but white walls and a man in a white coat. He peered down at her through his glasses, then glanced toward the life monitor that was steadily beeping. "Miss Thomas. I'm so glad you're awake. Do you feel better now?" Eliza blinked. "Where's my mother?" The doctor frowned. "Your mother?" "She was in the car with me. We must have gotten into an accident." The doctor looked down at his pad, then scribbled something. He turned toward the nurse standing next to him. "Go get me the MRI results." He turned back to Eliza. "You were with a man when you crashed. His name was Jacob Snyder. You weren't with your mother." Her heart dropped. Jacob. That had been the boy. The boy with the tattoo. "How...how old am I?" The doctor looked at her, seeming to hesitate before answering. "You're 24, Miss Thomas. Don't worry. We'll figure out what's going on. It might be a slight concussion from the accident. You were knocked out for a couple days." Eliza could barely hear him over the ringing in her ears. So she was 24. And still with Jacob. With difficulty, she pulled her left wrist out from under the bed sheets and glanced at it. One after another, tears began to drip down her cheeks, almost uncontrollably, until she was a gasping, sobbing mess, hysterically crying in front of a doctor who simply stood there frozen, completely unsure what to do. There was no bracelet. There was no bracelet, and no goodbye. ***** r/AlannaWu 