
"Oregen-Thanto?" "Do you fucking mean oregano?" The large reddish beast was standing across from me with his arms tightly folded and chin butting out. "Are you listening to me you mororn? The jackass who can't read to save his life. What the hell have you done?" I think he was mad. I, on the other hand, was confused. "Um, big red sir. No offense, but you kind of burst into *my kitchen*, and I think I need an explanation more than you do... sir." I didn't like him, he was scary. He got even scarier when he heard that though, his eyebrows raised and he started to inch closer to me. "This has to be a fucking joke. I can't believe this. I would say God damn you if that wouldn't bring you right back to me." I think he thought I was sarcastic about my question, I really did want to know though. He seemed too angry for me to ask him again, so I had to think of a way to calm him. "Well if you're going to stay... Want some Lassen-tau that I made yesterday?" "...Do ...Do you mean lasagne?" "That how you pronounce it!" "Jesus fucking christ this can't be right." "Man I knew I was mispronouncing it, just doubted myself ya kn-" The devilish creature suddenly grabbed me by my collar and screamed right in my face. "Do you have any idea what you just done!? You bumbling fool you've doomed us all! You cannot control this power..." Now I was really confused. "What do you mean?" I squeaked out as he slowly put me down. "Those words you said when I appeared, they were very important words." "My cookbook?" "No, you imbecile! No one salts their pork stew while summoning satan himself to their will!" "Y-you're satan?" Okay I know I said I was confused earlier, but this really confused me. "Then what does all this mean?" He let out a faint sigh, "Under the bindings of the ancient texts, and the governing of the very universe itself, I am bound to your will for the entirety of a day starting now. My power is your power, you will mine." "Uh... thanks." How the fuck was I supposed to reply to that? "Not that I'm insulting you or anything Mr. Satan, but why do you have to do this... like... Can't you just like... kill me?" "When I left heaven and declared myself separate from that tyrant, the universe had a price. That price was supposed to be the most well-kept secret in the universe... and you fucking stumbled into it... I am yours until tomorrow." I panicked, I can't hang out with regular people for more than ten minutes, then all of a sudden I got literal satan stuck to me for 24 hours. So I did what I always do when I panic, I talked about my oven, "Uh... So... I guess if you're staying, wanna help me finish up this recipe? The book calls for a tablespoon of butter and a dash of papr-... pari-*ca*... Oh, shoot that's not how you say it, papica? No!" Satan was just watching me argue with myself over spices, I think he was regretting leaving heaven right then. "It's palica! No, Prapri-Rica!" All of a sudden the ground started shaking and thunder echoed above. Satan glanced at the sky then quickly back at me. "What the hell did you do?" Then a large octopus-like being tore open the top of the house and yelled down at us. "**Mortals! You have summoned me! The might and bo-"** Satan interrupted him, "Ctuthulu! You summoned fucking Cuthulu trying to say paprika? Fuck it, he can have you. I'm done." 