
Death comes for everyone eventually. For millennia I appeared before humans as their shade separated from their body. Old ones, young ones.... whether organ failure or accident or disease... I was there to lead them. Death does not come easily to everyone. The rage I see so often about how "it's not their time!" or other nonsense slides off me like the threads of the Veil. My first high five was a complete surprise. I appeared before a young woman in 2014, twenty-three years old. She was in perfect health. I formed in her bathroom, my visage taking the form of what she saw as Death. I was an tall, old man shrouded in a cloak, carrying a staff of bone. It wasn't my strangest formation, but I did take notice. I stood and watched her shade slide out from a body in a tub of red water. I reached out my hand and instead of yelling at me or standing there crying, she slapped my hand with hers and laughed. She laughed. It was a mixed bag from then on out. Not all the young ones happy to see me were suicide, some were accident, some starved, some riddled with disease that they were refused care for. They all slapped my hand as I reached for them, or initiated what I learned was a "fist bump", or otherwise greeted me with open arms. It was a complete surprise each time. For many I appear as a skeleton figure with a very sharp scythe, which isn't the most heartwarming. Yet... I began to notice a pattern. I was escorting near perfectly healthy, younger humans off this dimension. I became concerned. After a couple thousand years or so of shuffling these shades off their mortal coil I blinded myself to the world they lived in. It was horrible, it was always horrible. I was not there to interact, but to escort. But, in the millennia before, when these humans fought of Death, fought myself, they had hope. They had hoped they wouldn't die. The majority of humans had a temper tantrum of some sort, those with long illness were more resigned and accepting, but never happy. In their broken human bodies, they still still felt hope. I finally took a look around me after a few human years of this new behavior. I took in the world as it is now. In every fiber of my being I believe these young humans have lost all hope. 