
A knock. I sighed, and cursed my younger self again. Dad had said, "go to law school, Mark," but no, I just *had* to show off my powers, *had* to use them. See, I could just use my enemy's ability against her. Tanks, guns, assassins, jets, governments - the stronger they were, the easier they fell. So one one thing led to another and I became the chief warlord of Earth. It was an accident, I swear. But after years and years of seeing your friends die, your wife turn against you, your dreams turn into nightmares - power loses its appeal. And so I'd left it all behind, stolen away in the night, my HQ abandoned, and had come to this small farm. I took care of animals, played with my dog and soaked the sun. It was a good life. Well, it *had* been. I gathered my power around me as I walked to the door. Who could it be? If it was some government assassin or insurrectionist I could take care of them. A specials ops team would be annoying, their gas would probably make the soil infertile. If it was Lisa... No. It wouldn't be Lisa. I took a deep breath, my power ready and opened the door to find - no one. Huh. Was it a sniper? That wouldn't really pose any threat to me, so I walked out of the door, trying to look around - and almost bowled him over. It was a kid. Short, couldn't be older than six or seven. He had blond hair that covered his eyes, and was wearing a button down shirt and pants. He looked up at me through his hair, his eyes a startling blue. "Mr. Lawrence?" he said. "Y...yeah," I said, "sorry for bumping into you." *And what the hell are you doing here?* "No problem at all," he said, and then, as if reading my mind, he continued, "I'm here to, uh..." he looked away from me and started wringing his hands. For the first time, he sounded like an actual kid instead of a businessman. "To what?" I said, "you can say it." "...To kill you," he squeezed out, and looked at his feet. *You and what army, kid* "I...I see," I said. The boy nodded solemnly. I could just kill him of course. I had no need to use my power, a gun would suffice. But killing a kid...I had never been that far gone even at my worst, and I certainly wouldn't do that now. The silence seemed to stretch until it seemed almost oppressive. I sighed. "Well," I said, "if you're going to kill me, you might as well eat something first right?" The boy smiled, a smile that could brighten anyone's day. "Oh," he said and slapped his little hand against his forehead as if remembering something, "I'm James by the way, James Gladwell." And the world crashed down around me. I just stood there gaping at the boy, James for I don't know how long. I snapped out of it when the boy tugged at fingers, a frown creasing his face. "Are you okay, Mr Lawrence?" How had I not seen it before? Only she would've taught him to speak like that, and he had her eyes, and he had my jawline. I could kill anyone but Lisa herself, and for her I would rip my own heart out. But Lisa hadn't come herself, she'd sworn she'd never see me again, but she'd done the next best thing. Wondering if I was walking into a trap but having no choice about it, I led my son into my house. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 