
Clearly, I never did it with the expectation of a reward. Any scout will tell you that. Typically, you get a "thank you," and honestly, that's the best-case scenario. Anytime things are different, it's usually for the worse. I got a dime once, which - it took me almost two minutes to get you across the street, lady, with your being unwilling to cross the first time because you "didn't see the light change." Are you saying my time is worth $3/hour? Let's not put a price tag on this and just accept that I did something nice and you appreciate it. A few times I got a piece of candy...butterscotch twice, mint once. The first time, I made the mistake of actually eating the candy I was given. It was as brittle as the hip of the person who gave it to me, and tasted like hard cotton. I feel like I should have gotten my Theater badge for being able to smile at the lady and keep it in my mouth until I got far enough away that she wouldn't see me spit it into a garbage can. Anyway, bottom line, no way would I have accepted the bag if I had been given a choice. Especially given what it looked like, but even if it was an ordinary looking backpack or exercise bag, I'd still have said no. But the thing was...I helped Dotty or Lois or Ida or whoever across Elm, and she smiled to me, and then her purse - this brick-red thing, which looked like it could hold a four-person tent with room to spare - falls off her shoulder onto the ground. No surprise, really, I imagine it to be about half the weight of the old bird carrying it. So I braced myself when it came time to lift it, engaging my core subconsciously, but to my surprise it was about as heavy as a standard first-aid kit. "Thank you, dear," she said, smiling beneficently at me. "Use it wisely, won't you?" The sun was raging off the windows of the office building behind her, right into my eyes, and a diesel truck was roaring behind us, and I kept being jostled by pedestrians... "Excuse me, ma'am, but I don't need your purse." I was about halfway through saying it when she was gone. I'm not sure how much was the glare of reflected light, how much was being bumped by other people...but given what I found out about the bag later, I'm pretty confident she just vanished. And so that's how I got the bag. My patrol gave me a lot of shit for it when I brought it on our next camping trip, at least at first. Then I showed them all the stuff I had put in it, and they shut up right quick. Funny how a three-day supply of Gatorade and Ruffles can do that. I've learned not to worry about the looks. It's really not *all* that different from when I wear the uniform. Sure, it looks dorky as hell, but it *means* something. Every now and then I get to prove that to someone, and if it was someone who was smirking at me a moment before, all the better. The big surprise didn't come until later. I was packing for our whitewater challenge - it was probably overkill, but why not bring some back-up inflatable rafts, just to be safe? - and decided I might as well clean out some of the extra stuff from previous trips. That's when I discovered that there had already been things in the bag when I had gotten it. Things that were definitely not coins and candies. *** /r/ShadowsofClouds [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/ShadowsofClouds/comments/8pof44/scout_spirit_part_2/) is up on my sub. 