
I thought I was better than this. Stronger. But when I'd gotten the letter...I had to at least go. I had to. I walked into the pizzeria, and there he was. Mark. He was older of course, much older than I expected though. His eyes were red, his hair was in dissaray and his two hands clutched each other, fingers interwoven. It was the same gesture he'd make when he was a kid having broken a vase or failed a class. Right before he "died" of course. I felt a pang through my heart. He was just so *helpless,* and as a mother wasn't it my duty to help? Wasn't it my fault he'd turned out this way? Wasn't it me who had failed as a mother? He looked up, saw me, and immediately smiled, and any sympathy I had evaporated. I wasn't dealing with my son. My son was dead to me. I was looking a con man and I'd do well to remember that. "Mom," he said, eyes crinkled, lips curved up in a smile. "it's so good to see you! You look as good as ever." He actually stood up and pulled out a chair for me. I didn't even look at it. His smile crumpled like paper. "Look, mom, I know you're surprised, or shocked or whatever. It must be a shock to see your son back from the -" "It's not," I said, cutting him off, my blood boiling. A part of me had hoped he'd changed, that he'd be *my son,* not someone who was using me, but here he was, playing a part. His eyes narrowed, genuinely confused. "It's not?" I rolled my eyes. "I'm a private detective, Mark, and a damn good one. I found you within a month." He gaped at me, and I took a sort of perverse joy in seeing his meticulously planned act and mask crumble. "You knew?" he said. "You didn't try to..." "Contact you? What the hell would I say? Please come back to me my son, Mama loves you?" I said with such venom that he flinched backwards. "I-I'm sorry, I-" "Oh *shut up,*" I said. "You're in debt to some bookies for half a million bucks." "So you know how much danger I'm in!" he said, eyes twinkling, a bit of the mask slipping back on. And every crime you've pulled. "Yes, and I can help you." He leaned forward. "Contact the police, turn yourself in. I have some friends there even though I'm retired. I can get you leniency." He rocked back. "They'll put me in jail!" he said like an impudent child. "You'd deserve it," I said. He opened and closed his mouth a few times, then his expression twisted into a scowl, just like the one when he was young. It was a scowl ready to wound, to stab. "Dad would've helped me, he cares about me. I bet you didn't even tell him you were meeting me." I smiled frostily at him; I was hoping he'd say that. "Dad's dead." His eyes widened and he rocked back as if slapped. It felt good. I wonder what that said about me, but I didn't care. I was getting back at the man who had torn my family apart. "What..." he said, shocked. "The funeral was a half decade ago, so no, I didn't tell him. Goodbye." I stalked out the pizzeria, mostly to make sure he didn't see the tears in my eyes. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 