
The bank was average looking, an ugly square block amongst the buildings. *Are we here to help?* Fire asked. It's voice spoke to me through a tiny earpiece embedded in my ear. I barely moved my lips to respond. "Of course we are, that's what we do - help mankind. Isn't that what you want?" I whispered. *Yes! Yes!* Fire said, excitedly. The primeval force had helped us survive, but had been around since the beginning of time, unable to talk, to interact. So it did the only think it could - keep us warm. It's messages were in the flame, but no one understood, or even tried to understand. But for the first time in history, someone spoke back. I spoke back. It was a child, as you'd expect. A naive kid who just wants to help anyone. I'd told Fire that heat was no longer a problem. That had made it sad, it wanted to help. "Come with me," I'd said, "I'll tell you how to help." I walked in the bank, and no one asked me any questions, nobody paid me any mind. They never did. Little Hannah with glasses and the flat chest, the black oily hair, the mousy face, the big nose. No one cared about what I did, what I wanted. A grin came onto my face. No longer, no longer. I reached the teller, a small girl with long blond hair who was chewing gum. She looked bored. "hey ma'am," she said, not even looking at me, "how can I help?" "I'd like about 27 million dollars," I'd said. 1 million dollar for every year I'd been alive seemed ample compensation for all the trouble society had given me. It was downright generous of me in fact. "Erm," the girl said, "who are you?" "A nobody," I said, "for now." She eyed me warily, her gum chewing growing more rapid. "Um...I'll just call the manager." "No," I said. "No?" she asked. "No," I said, "I just want an answer. Are you going to give me the money or not?" "M..Mark!" she called turning away, "Mark!" I took that as a no. "You remember what I told you about bad people, Fire?" *Yeah...I think.* "Fire!" I said in a furious whisper. *They...they hurt everyone else more than they help* "And what do we do with bad people?" *We...we burn them.* "That's right," I said, grinning even though Fire couldn't see me, "You're learning so quickly!" *Aww, thanks Hannah, you're awesome* Fire said, and with that Fire surrendered a part of its consciousness to me, and I to it. For a bit of time, I controlled an infinitesimally small portion of the vast thing that was Fire. It was all I needed. A bedraggled looking manager had appeared by now. His eyes were cloudy and his clothes were rumpled. "Ma'am, can I help you?" "Nobody can," I said and called Fire. It obeyed. *** I walked past the firefighters and police officers, and again nobody looked at me. I was one of the dozens who looked burned and scarred. Emergency forces were more focused on the massive blaze going on behind me. Occasionally people would run out screaming while on fire before falling to the ground. So nobody could notice that I didn't have a single burn on my body, and that only my clothes were singed, and my skin covered in soot. No one saw the duffel bad I held, or the cash inside it. Nobody saw me smiling. *Did I do good, Hannah, did I, did I?* Fire asked, and I could sense its excitement. "Yeah, Fire, you did. You did great." *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 