
The silence was uncomfortable. It's been 3 minutes since the genie appeared before Patrick. They both knew the situation at hand, neither wanted to make the first move. The genie lets out a sigh. In a monotone voice, he then recited the following monologue for what sounded like the 1,000,000th time. Patrick knew, it probably was. "Congratulations. You have rubbed the mythical lamp of Kakazoo the Genie. You are awarded THREE wishes, but there are rules." "First rule," he continued, "you may not wish anyone directly dead or from existence. Second rule, you can not wish to be a higher dimensional being, such as a god, demon or genie. However; you CAN opt switch places with me, Kakazoo the Genie, thus freeing me from my servitude and taking my place. You MAY wish to become biological paranormal beings such vampires, werewolves, superhumans, an immortal, or..." he stares blankly at Patrick "a *leprechaun*." "And for the third and final no-can-do, you can not wish for more wishes. You get three, that's it. There is no loophole, no clever wording or tricks that you may think you can perform that will allow for you to access more than three wishes from me, or any other genie in your lifetime." Patrick stared blankly back at Kakazoo, almost waiting for more. "That it, boyo?" Patrick finally says. "That's it, shorty. Don't you have something to say to me, now?" Kakazoo responds, sounding quite annoyed. "Ye caught me, ya get three wishes of yer choosin'" Patrick lazily exclaims. "Unless of course, ya want this here gold coin. Worth quite a bit." He cracked a hideous smile at Kakazoo, showing a mixture of poorly taken care of teeth and golden ones. All along, Patrick has just been plotting. Leprechauns are known tricksters, and this genie most definitely is anticipating that. "Well, are you going to make your wishes little man? I've got plenty of time on my hands, so really, there is no rush. You may not feel the same way, though, considering that fresh rainbow I just spotted." Kakazoo pointed behind Patrick at the rainbow he'd just created. Patrick turned, and figured this was just some genie magic. There's no way a pot of gold could be at the other end. Was there? Patrick lets out a hearty laugh, "Oh genie, you're going to have to work harder than that to trick old Patrick O'Toole into making the first wish." In that moment, Patrick snuck one more quick look back towards the rainbow. Almost too quick and motionless to notice. The inklings of a smirk appeared then quickly vanished off the face of Kakazoo. Patrick lets out another laugh, "You really think you're clever, dontcha boyo?" "You know, you forgot to mention the servitude clause, Kakazoo" Patrick said slyly. "You know, the one where you are my slave for the rest of my life, which happens to be eternity. Doing menial tasks and making my life just a wee-bit easier. I always wanted a butler. You see, us Leprechauns don't have that idiotic clause, buddy'o." he continued, his voice getting darker as each word rolled on. But before Patrick could finish, Kakazoo makes his first wish... 