
I thought it would be more fun to write about the cast of The Office in Area 51, instead of the camera crew. So here you go. ---- Michael adjusted his lab coat in the mirror, making sure everything was right. There were already six pens in the pocket, but he knew that more pens = smarter, so he added a few more. And a calculator too. Pinned to the lapel was his security badge with a photo, and below that his title: Area 51 Regional Manager. Dwight followed suit and stuffed his own pocket full of pens. His badge was also pinned to his lapel, but the title of "extraterrestrial researcher" had been crossed out with sharpie and replaced with "Assistant Area 51 Regional Manager." That too had been crossed out, and in different handwriting someone had scrawled "Assistant **to the** Area 51 Regional Manager." "I just want to say for the record," Oscar said from behind the camera that they'd set up to broadcast, "That I think this is a really bad idea. Just because the President is demanding some results doesn't mean you can *fake* an alien encounter." "Having one right now!" Michael said. "A *Mexican* alien encounter! Right?" He seemed to suddenly realize that the documentary crew was still there and turned to the cameraman. "But not in an offensive way or anything." Oscar rolled his eyes. "Michael, I was born in the United States. You know that." Pam poked her head through the door. "Michael, the President is on the line requesting an update?" "Yes!" Michael turned to Dwight. "Are you ready?" "Always!" Dwight answered, holding up his scalpel and hacksaw props with an almost maniacal grin. Oscar wasn't sure that Dwight understood that this was a *fake* autopsy. Michael turned to Kevin, who was lying on the operating table. "What about you?" Kevin pulled off the rubbery alien mask. "Michael, I can't breathe in this thing. And why do *I* have to be the alien?" "You're the only one fat enough to look inhuman," Dwight answered before Michael could come up with a way to word that a bit more gently. Michael opened his mouth to give a different answer, but was unable to come up with something else. So he just shrugged. "Michael, I can just give him an excuse..." Pam said, almost pleading with Michael. When had this type of scheme *ever* worked? "No." He shook his head. "Patch him through," Michael ordered Pam. She and Oscar exchanged a quick last look and a 'this is a really bad idea' expression, but she did as she was told. The camera's red light blinked on, and Michael and Dwight both scrambled over to the examination table with the 'body.' "Good evening, your... Presidency," Michael said with a deep bow toward the camera. On screen, the President was seated in the oval office surrounded by a wall of medal-covered generals in green uniforms. "They tell me you gentlemen in Area 51 have found something quite interesting," the President said. "Yes," Michael answered. "It's... ummm... well, we think it's an alien." He gestured to Kevin's body, which was painted green but otherwise the same. "Wow." The president leaned in to get a better view. "Looks disgusting." "Hey!" Kevin complained, muffled by the tentacle-covered mask. "What was that?" one of the generals asked. "Is that thing talking? Is it still *alive?*" "No, no." Michael poked Kevin as a reminder that he needed to stay quiet. "We were just starting to do the autopsy." He nodded to Dwight, and they both put on their respirators masks. With a set of tongs, Michael pulled out one of the alien's strange 'organs,' which was really just Toby's schwarma sandwich dipped in purple paint. Most of the 'organs' had been found by rummaging through the refrigerator at the last minute, though Dwight had volunteered a few real ones from a goose that he'd butchered on his lunch break. "What is the smell like?" One of the generals asked. They were all scribbling notes on everything that Michael and Dwight did, no doubt trying to figure out how to fight these 'aliens.' "How many centimeters is the cavity?" another asked. "Does your whole arm fit inside of it?" Michael giggled under his respirator. "How does it feel internally? Moist or dry?" another one called out. Michael couldn't hold it in any longer. "That's what she said!" Everyone gathered in the Oval Office was completely silent. The generals looked absolutely horrified. Even Michael seemed to recognize that maybe this wasn't the best time or audience for that. But then the President burst out laughing, so hard that he slapped his hand on the Resolute Desk and his whole face turned red. "I *knew* there was a reason I put you in charge down there, Scott!" Michael's 'deer in the headlights' look changed, and he began to laugh as well. Dwight joined in as soon as Michael did. "All right," the President said as soon as he managed to catch his breath. "All right, let's continue. What's next?" Dwight reached his tongs into the 'alien' which was just a goo-filled box hidden behind Kevin's body. He pulled out the next object and squeezed it a bit too hard as he held it up for the camera. *SQUEEAK!* Everyone in the Oval Office leaned in for a better look. "Is that... a *dog toy*?" the President asked. Dwight ripped off his respirator in a fit of rage. "Damn it, Jim!" Through the window of the conference-room-turned-examination-room, the cameraman focused on Jim smirking at his desk. ---- If you enjoyed this, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of other stories! I've also got more Office (and other TV shows) content indexed [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/luna_lovewell/wiki/eu#wiki_3._tv_shows). 