
I was almost home. They say accidents are more likely to happen within 5 miles of your destination but does anyone really believe that? I guess you really let your guard down on the home stretch. After a week of 12 hour days, I'd never been more ready for home. Maybe I was speeding. Maybe I dozed off. I don't remember to be honest, all I recall is the sound of crunching metal and squealing tires, then darkness. I stayed in the darkness for a while, probably unconscious but not dead yet. Eventually I saw a light, and found myself moving towards it. The light was so calming, so peaceful. Nothing hurt, not even my knee that had been bugging me for most of my life. The light got so bright I couldn't keep my eyes open, then suddenly it dimmed. After some adjusting, my eyes finally focused on a small figure before me. "GRANDMA! Oh I missed you so much it's been so long how....oh this probably means I'm dead." "Oh don't worry about that dear, it happens to the best of us. I missed you too! But we need to have a word, what's that shirt your wearing? I thought you were coming back from work where's your tie?" "It's just a band shirt. You passed before Rob Zombie got big didn't you? He does movies too." "Uck he looks so scary! They let you wear that to work?" "Yeah, I work...worked...with computers. They were super relaxed about how we dress since the customers didn't see us." "How many times did I tell you to dress for the job you wanted? Looking like that you must want to be that scary guy! Is he wearing makeup? Is he a clown I don't get it. Robert come over here and see this shirt!" Guess 6 year old me never saw how old fashioned grandma was. A man in a suit came over, he looked familiar but it took me a while to figure out why. "Robert....Robert your uncle?" "That's right junior! His shirt Bertha, what about his hair!? They would have booted me from the army in a second with that mop!" "Oh Robert calm down, his hair is barely past his ears. You know, you must have passed before that came into fashion." "His hair? Maybe that's why he's still single at 23! By his age I was married to your mom with 5 kids!" I...didn't even know this guy. Must have been grandma and Roberts dad but we could never find pictures from that far back. "You just needed us to run the farm, he doesn't even have a farm. There's no need to have that many kids that fast now a days." "DOESN'T HAVE A FARM? NO MAN'S A MAN WITHOUT OWNING LAND!" Yet another face I didn't know. Grandmas grandpa? Guy looked like he came straight out of a history book. "How many times do we have to tell you, you can vote without owning land. Now you can move as often as you wish, no use in hording acres upon acres anymore." And on it went. Each older generation complained about something while the younger defended it. When they started yelling in long forgotten languages I had enough. "Hey. HEY. HEY GUYS LET ME TALK!" Somehow that worked. I could feel the impending "respect your elders" crap so I just pushed through it. "Maybe, just maybe, each generation brings new things. Whatever you lived through seems normal, and the stuff after you seems wrong. It happens, it will happen to me when the next generation comes up here. Please, I'd love to meet and talk to you all but can we agree to disagree?" "YOU CALL ME YOUR MAJESTY! I'VE BEEN UP HERE SINCE BEFORE YOUR DAD'S DAD'S DAD'S DAD WAS EVEN BORN!" "JETHRO THE ROYAL BLOODLINE DOESN'T COUNT UP HERE!" More arguing, more shouting, more relatives. Eventually I snuck off to find some peace. A light appeared in front of me through the clouds. It grew bright but never blinded me, a small figure appeared and slowly grew until a man stood before me. He blinked and looked around in awe, before starring at me in wonder. "Dad?" "MY BOY oh I'm so happy to see you. I can't believe you passed before your mother, oh there are so many relatives up here you'll have to meet! Wait what is that?" A glimmer of metal protruded from my son's lip. "Son we need to have a word....you got your lip pierced? GRANDMA COME OVER AND SEE THIS RING!" 