
Lord Evil hovered over the street between two buildings, his cape fluttering behind his back, his fists resting on his hips, a dark smile across his face. Under him, chaos and destruction as he used his powers to destroy the city. I arrived late, and a team of policemen were cowering behind a collapsed building, at a loss of what to do. "Hey, hey, hey, guys! I'm here!" I stopped, panting. "Okay, who's in charge?" "Who the hell are you!?" "The superhero." The police officers exchanged glances. "The superhero?" "Yes. Look, there's no time for that, okay? New York is being destroyed, a dude in a cape is hovering above the city and pretty soon a beam of light will shoot up towards swirling clouds in the sky. This is obviously a superhero story." "Are you sure?" One of the cops asked. Another one frowned. "Are studios charging more for people to watch this in 3D even though nobody wants it?" "No," I said. "It's not going to be *exactly* like every superhero story, but --" "Are women wildly underrepresented and/or objectified?" another added, confused. "Is Zack Snyder making everything gritty for no reason?" a third pondered. I shook my head. "Okay, stop. Dude, just trust me! This is a superhero story." Lord Evil cast a laser on a passing-by bus and it exploded. "We gotta act fast, dude!" "Okay..." the tallest of the officers stepped forward. "I'm in charge. My name is Officer Smith. What's the plan?" I looked up at Lord Evil. "Well... normally you'd all do absolutely nothing while a team of witty misfits in ridiculous outfits comes together to battle the evil lord, even though, you know, the police has machine guns and the army has fucking nuclear weapons and they are both clearly more qualified than, say, a billionaire in a bat suit or a guy who's good with a bow and arrow." I paused. "But I'm a different kind of superhero, so we'll have to improvise." "Dude, this is getting upsetting. Just tell us what your power is." "Okay. Okay. I have a different power every day of the week." I checked my list. "Today it's..." I paused. "What!?" I looked up from my list. "All right, you'll have to trust me, Officer Smith. Go over to Lord Evil and kill him." Smith waited. "How?" "It doesn't matter. Just do it." I took a step forward. "Look, my power is it doesn't matter what I ask of you, you can accomplish it. So if I say 'kill Lord Evil' and you go to do it, you'll do it." "But he's hovering in the air! I can't fly!" "It doesn't matter, man." I put an arm around his back and we both looked up at Lord Evil. "All you have to do is agree with me and... go do it." "How do I even 'go do it'?" "DUDE, I DON'T KNOW. JUST SAY 'OKAY, I'LL KILL HIM'." "This makes no sense." "Oh, because Batman traveling across the world with no money or passport after he escaped prison in Dark Knight Rises was a beacon of logic." "Good point." I sighed. "Okay. Forget the other superheroes. Let's focus. Just try to punch him. Just go under him and attempt to punch him. You'll find the strength to fly or your punch hill reach him up there or something. It doesn't matter. If I tell you to kill him with a punch and you attempt it, it will work, because that's my power. I don't know *how* it will work, but it will work. So trust me. Just do it." Smith looked around at his peers, then at me. Behind him, the city burned and collapsed. "Are you sure about this?" "I know this is a weird power and it's not based on the features of an exotic animal, which is unusual for superheroes," I said. "But trust me. It works." He nodded. He turned his back on his friends. Grandiose music played as he stepped forward, confident, afraid but ready. Debris and cinder blocks and fire rained around him. People ran in the opposite direction, desperate. But he was ready. When he stopped right under Lord Evil, the man's shadow towering over him, I yelled: "KILL HIM WITH A PUNCH!" Officer Smith looked up against the sun... and punched the air. And absolutely nothing happened. He turned back to look at me. "It didn't work! AAAAAAAAAAAAH!" Lord Evil picked him up and lifted him over the remaining buildings and then, from this great distance, dropped him back onto the ground, where he promptly exploded and turned into a stain of flesh, blood and bones on the ground. "WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT!?" One of his friends asked me, turning back. I checked my list. "Ah, shit," I said. "Tomorrow's power is 'anything I say happens'. Today was just 'good persuasion.' Sorry, guys." Lord Evil laughed an evil laugh. And then a big beam of light exploded towards swirling clouds in the sky. _________ **(This story is available in 3D and IMAX at /r/psycho_alpaca)** 