
His head is stuck in the fence again. This is the third time now. The *third* time that I've had to break a kitchen window so his mother would run outside and see that her child has almost decapitated himself. I float across the back yard, grab a brick off the pile of forgotten bricks that were supposed to turn into a fire pit, and hurl it at the bay window. It collides with the glass and travels right on through, flinging sharp shards of material all over the kitchen table. "Joseph! Joseph! What was that!" She comes barreling into the dinning room and spots her 8 year old son in the backyard through the brick sized hole in the window. I watch her gasp way too dramatically, pick up the phone, call someone, and then rush outside with a bottle of vegetable oil. Joseph is there, stuck in the fence...*dangling*. His head isn't visible from where me and his mother are standing. It's just a small body, with arms hanging limp and knees pressed into the mud. I float through to the other side of the wooden fence and put my hands on my hips. "What do you think you're doing?" I question, raising an eyebrow. "Molly! Is that you?" He squeaks. "Somehow my head just went right through these boards! I don't know why." "What do you mean you don't know why? Were you pretending to be a cat again?" "Noooo..." he draws out the word as all liars do. "I just thought I saw a caterpillar over here and wanted to talk to it!" "Joseph, I can't protect you when you-" I pause, purse my lips to the side. It seems as though his *condition* is getting worse. First it was the pretending to be a cat thing, but now he's talking to bugs too? This is getting out of hand. "Don't worry sweetie! I'll get you out of there!" His mother's busy lathering the poor kids neck in vegetable oil while I float back in forth in front of him. "Okay mommy," he replies, calm as ever. "Joseph, caterpillars can't talk. What made you think you could talk to a bug?" I question him. "Because I talked to him yesterday!" "Joseph, sweetie, who are you having a conversation with? I'm the only one here." His mother has no idea that I exist or that I'm currently floating on the other side of the fence. She's never been able to see me, not for the entire four years I've been hanging around this house. "It's just Molly, mom. My guardian angel, remember?" Joseph's had this conversation one too many times for my taste. I cross my arms over my chest and roll my eyes, impatiently waiting for this dialogue to end. "Your imaginary friend? Sweetie, hold still so I can apply this oil." "Joseph, a caterpillar did not talk to you yesterday." I continue on, bending down so I can look him in the eye and let him know I'm not happy with this digression. He wasn't always an idiot. Or at least it didn't seem like it. He did fine in school, learned all of his basic motor skills and potty training with no trouble at all. The teachers even used to commend him for his excellent grades! I don't know what happened, but somewhere along the way a few wires must have come loose in that empty head of his. "It did talk to me! Look, he's here right now, on the ground next to your tail!" His little blue eyes travel to a spot on the grass, close to where the end of my body is positioned. I glance down and jolt back a few inches, startled. He's right. There's a black and orange stripped caterpillar crawling across the blades of green grass towards Joseph. I peer down closer at it and to my surprise, it lifts its black fuzzy head, turning to look at me. I inch even closer and see the smallest little mouth open beneath it's black beady eyes. "Why, hello there dear madam! I am Sir Poli, pleasure to make your acquaintance!" **Hai hai! :3 If you'd like to read more of my stories they can all be found at r/AliesStories! Thanks for reading!** 