
I remember how we met casually, on the train. I walked in a nearly empty car and saw you sitting by a corner, reading a book. I smiled and sat beside you, nudging you to show how I had the exact same book in my own bag. You took a good look at me, then laughed. For the next 15 minutes, we talked about punishment, redemption, dreams, aspirations. I enjoyed your company, and immediately thought of you as my best friend. I was too shy to ask for your number. A little sad, I was about to say goodbye when the train got to my stop, but we stood up at the same time. You grinned at me, motioned for me to follow, and walked out. So I did. We ended up in a coffee shop just outside the train station. We talked some more. You agreed with everything I said. I agreed with everything you said. It was amazing to have that kind of connection with someone. It was getting late. We didn't want to go, but the baristas were starting to close the bar. I looked at you and you winked. You lived just 2 blocks down, you said. I lived 2 blocks up, I whispered. We ended up at your place. Something felt odd. It looked just like my apartment, even the front door. We walked up the stairs to Room 204, a number familiar to me, familiar to me. You opened the door and led me inside. You closed the door on my thoughts and held me close. I placed my arms around you, and you gently pressed your lips to mine. I closed my eyes. When I open them again, I am back in the center. You are nowhere to be found and only the white walls stare back at me. I look down to see a book on my lap. Then I remember. I remember you. The book. The train. The coffee shop. Room 204. You. The door opens, and my eyes widen as I see you walk in. Two men in black suits come in after you. You look tired, and you have cuts and bruises all over. I stand up to greet you, and the book falls from my lap. You shake your head. I sit back down. One of the men speaks. "Z-204, for falling in love with your Reference, you have broken rule 8-67. The sentence is immediate death." You try to go to me, but the other man holds on to your shoulder. You start sobbing. The one who spoke takes out a small silver gun and aims it at my head. I do not resist, and merely look at you sadly. You cry louder. He pulls the trigger and mutters, "Stupid clone." And I remember no more. EDIT: Thank you for reading, kind stranger! If you want more, [part 2 is over here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/6hxep2/comment/dj2jhi4?st=J42XPA2E&sh=821bd5cd) 