
After being raised wealthy, Mr. Engilwald knew spoiled. Having been charged with taking the keys to his father's planetary business, he himself had never been spoiled, but he *certainly* had seen those who were. There were his entitled classmates of his younger years, who attended university for the luxury rather than the education. And there were the brats of the rich inner circles, children who had already learned to emulate their parents. But the teenage sitting across from him, with a straight nosed butler peering over his shoulder, fit the word more perfectly than any he had eer seen. "We have quite a selection," Mr. Engilwald began,gesturing with his wrinkled hands to the shelves around them, each filled with floating orbs of varying sizes, "Is there anything in particular that you are searching for?" "Oh yes," Said the child, his eyes glinting, "I'm definitely looking for an unstable one, one I can alter. I want to see how they react to that. At least one ice age in it's history, and don't lie to me, I'll check the VIN on Planetfacts." "They react? What do you mean by they react?" His expression was puzzled, and rightly so. Most of his clients requested planets to host their own kingdoms, or use as personal getaways. Some, those of a more business nature, would open attractions or expansions. But none were quite like the child before him, whose smirk seemed to drip onto the table like oil. "Of course, the population! I want to host at least ten billion at maximum capacity. Really get the gears turning on this one, you know? And yes, here is a full list of the attributes that I am seeking. I won't have any less." He passed a piece of paper across the table, and Mr. Engilwald read, his eyes scanning the page. "Abundant iron and copper, that will cost you dearly, boy." "Any age between prehistory and industrial bores me, and I'd rather accelerate them. Really get them hurtling into modern society faster than they can handle." Yawned the child, his arms crossed. "And, what's this, uranium?! I can't just get that to *anyone*." "But you *can* give it to my father, who signed off on this expenditure. I want an abundance. Like, a ridiculous abundance. Something laughable. The planet should be damn near unstable." Mr. Engilwald frowned, and looked towards the child again, his expression concerned. "You do realize I am morally obligated to ensure the proper care of child civilizations?" "Of course, of course."  Waved the boy, "But look, most civilizations don't make it past their infancy anyways, and I'll be sure to make it past that. Every year afterward is gravy, and it's far too interesting down the road. I want to see what happens when I *really* stir the pot." Behind him, the butler grimaced, but nodded. And Mr. Engilwald was reminded of old stories of when children would burn ants with lenses, or chase cats with sticks. "We do have one in stock," He sighed, and rose, picking up the floating orb of a mass of green and blue, "But I'll be checking on you, boy. Don't give me reason to confiscate this." "I'm sure you'll find any trouble will be their own actions," He said, grinning, "In addition, I'll take the meteoric package, buried bones included. And I'll take it baked after a few millenia- can I bring it in the shop for a few thousand years acceleration?" "For a small surcharge, absolutely," Mr. Engilwald sighed. "Good. They're going to be confused as all hell when they find out their ancestors had all the same stories. Time to set about finishing my scripts then!" The boy raised a few sheets of paper, and beckoned at the door, calling in a host of other people. A short, pudgy man with dark hair, another with bright orange hair, and a woman who looked as if the skin stretched too tight across her face. And there were more, dozens more, each with their own costume and nationality, each from different ages of civilizations. Each with their own purpose in the boy's mind, with lines written by the careful hand of a fourteen year old. "What a wonderful stage this will be, when the setting's complete and my actors are deployed," He said with glee, rubbing his hands together and reaching out to take the keys to the planet, the coordinates engraved on the metal, "What wonderful pets for me to play with, as the best birthday present ever." 