
"Look. When you try to output a command, it simultaneously puts you on mute. See?" Brow furrowed and generally exasperated, Gabriel yet again attempts to explain what exactly I've done wrong, but I'm not interested. Stooped shoulders, bags under the eyes, and a generally twitchy demeanor, part of me thinks I don't work Gabriel hard enough as is. I tune out what he's saying. "It was broken, Gabriel. I've been offline for awhile, and spent a few centuries trying to output commands or orders, and no one could hear me." Tapping and typing on the keyboard, clicks and the dull thrum of a blue monitor. The issue is fixed, and that is that. Something about mapping the same key or some shit so whenever I tried to output a command, it'd simultaneously mute that command. I've got a vague memory of something similar happening before, but regardless, what's done is done. Infallible wisdom and all that. Now, I designed this system, so obviously it's perfect. Somehow, it's Gabriel's fault. If he can fix it, it should stay fixed. Somehow, whenever I spend a long amount of time on these systems, they break. "I work in mysterious ways, Gabriel." He doesn't respond, but gives that same weary sigh he always seems to have whenever I'm sending him maintenance requests. Sure, he does well at his job, and sure, I don't really understand why he can fix things when I can't, but something tells me his job obviously can't be that hard. Getting up, he takes a step back so I can take my seat yet again. How long has it been? A few thousand years or some shit since I've been able to effectively communicate with them, but honestly, I don't see much fault of my own. Alright, let's see what they're up to. Finally got to the moon? Took them long enough. Half of my other instances I've got running on the system had already explored most of their respective solar systems by now, but hey, stunted doesn't mean broken. Hmm. The planet's past repair, but that's all part of the plan as well. I think. I can't remember. It's written down in a folder somewhere, I'll have to get Gabriel to find it or whatever. Or maybe not. Alright baby, it's showtime. Let's broadcast to the whole shithole, and remind them who's boss around here. "Attention, humanity, it is I, the LORD, creator of heaven and earth, with divine proclamations as you prepare to spread beyond Earth, and into the stars." Now let's see how they react. Alright, a little bit of panic, but that's to be expected. So far so good. Three day and night cycles, and no mass genocides. Maybe that was said too soon. Oh wow, they're really going at it. Okay, could be worse, nothing scorched earth for the time being. Oh no. *oh no.* *OH NO.* A bit more panic than I expected, I think we need some damage control here. "Gabriel, what the hell did you do?" "Nothing, sir, I told you this would be a bad idea, but - " "Shut the fuck up Gabriel and help me fix this." There's little dots appearing all over the planet, flying into the atmosphere. There's hundreds - no fuck there's THOUSANDS of the things going all over the place. Gabriel gives another sigh, with that same 'I told you so' energy he seems to give me every time an instance fucks up. What is this? Three today? Holy shit that's bright. Little streaks through the atmosphere to create giant fiery blooms over metropolitan centers, snuffing out millions in the blink of a disinterested eye. They really take after their old man. It seems like whenever they're at this level, every time I finally manage to get Gabriel to allow me direct access again, this kind of shit seems to happen. "They've nuked themselves, again, sir." Gabriel's voice, tired and unsurprised rings hollow. Again? Sixth time this timeline, and maybe the third time a direct interface has caused it. I preferred them back when chariots were considered the pinnacle of their arsenal. With a deep sigh, I get up and let Gabriel get back into the chair. "Reload them and we'll try it again. And don't mess with any of the commands." Gabriel takes a seat, and once again mutes the microphone. Same as before. *This'll buy them another two thousand years, max,* Gabriel thinks to himself. He gets up, and lets the old man take his seat. "I think I'll come back to humanity later, Gabriel. Let's reload an adjacent system, and see how they're doing." "It seems they've also gone extinct, sir." Pity. But what can you do? Who cares. These things happen, and civilizations come and go. Time will plod along as it always does. Infinite universe, infinite ways to go. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato for stuff from me, r/redditserials for more. 