
Seth's hand shot into the air. "It started, of course, with Superman. He's widely considered to be the head of the American pantheon. He's got a lot of myths and his domain is often ill-defined - in some, he can actually go back in time. In other's, he's risen from the dead. The Superman mythos is influenced by a variety of older stories, from the biblical figures of Christ and Moses to the then-contemporary John Carter and Tarzan." Ms. Allen nodded her head curtly. "Yes, Seth. Thank you for that... detailed answer." Across the room, some snickered. When Seth turned, the laughter rolled into a strangled sort of cough. Colton smirked. "As I was saying," Ms. Allen continued, "the American superhero mythos is integral to understanding their society. You can look at their heroes to see what the people of the time valued. In an age of political turmoil, they admired these figures that were upright and unfailing in their morals." The class nodded. Some of the students, the ones in the front row, hastily typed notes. In the back corner, Colton and the rest of the jocks gathered around a flicker tablet. Seth rolled his eyes. At the front of the class, a model of a dark-haired man in a blue suit with a flowing red cape materialized. "Superman - as Seth said - was the first hero. From there, the pantheon expanded." More model figures appeared at the front of the room. Seth leaned forward in his desk, desperately looking around Jayla's wild pink hair that blocked his view. "As time went on, two major sects emerged -" "Marvel and DC." Ms. Allen paused. "Yes, thank you, Seth. As I was saying, there were two major groups, although it is unclear how decisive the rivalry was between the two. Some historical internet data suggest major fighting between the groups, while other data suggest some members actively participated in both." "And, as with any good hero, there was an equally impressive array of villains." Ms. Allen swiped her tablet and the row of heroes cleared away from the front of the class. A throng of dark-clad and misshapen figures appeared in the empty space. "We will be looking more in-depth at these figures later, but they are equally important to understand. If the mythical heroes have something to stand *for*, then they also need something to stand *against*." In front of Seth, a notification flickered across the screen of Jayla's tablet. She opened it, with no regard for Ms. Allen's lesson, and split into a peel of giggles. Seth jabbed his finger into her side. "Ms. Allen is talking," he spat in her ear. Jayla swatted his hand away. "Whatever." "Some teachers do not believe that it is necessary to teach about the villains and the monsters as part of mythology unit," Ms. Allen said. She stopped in front of the class and looked at the group straight on. Seth met her gaze. "As you might've guessed, I disagree with that sentiment. Yes, some of the acts they commit are heinous, but that is really the point. If I was to omit that aspect from the curriculum, I would be pretending that the evil the stories wasn't an essential point. No one can talk about Batman without discussing the Joker. Spider-Man's goodness is defined against the darkness of Venom. The legendary Avengers wouldn't be as inspirational if they had not defeat Thanos. My point, I guess, is that the villains of the myths are just as important to study as the heroes, if not moreso." The class nodded rather dully, Seth thought. Like they didn't care at all. Even the ones in the front, they just didn't seem to give a shit about the old mythos. Seth shook his head ruefully. "If you could all open the document I just sent to your tablets, we can begin to read and discuss the early development of the American myths." Seth unlocked his tablet. A bundle of notifications popped into views. Everyone was... laughing. At him. Seth flicked open one and a video of him filled the screen. He watched his own hand shoot up, as it had only minutes ago. Instead of his speech, the clip had been dubbed over with the sound of a donkey, braying loudly. The caption attached read: *Seth makes an ass of himself in front of Laurie Allen. Should we tell her he's got a hard-on?* Seth spun around to look at Colton and his gang. Colton shrugged at Seth and twisted his face in fake sympathy before turning around and laughing, again. By now, the whole school must've seen the video. If not, they would soon at least. Seth curled his hand into a fist. *Deep breaths.* He tried to remember what the therapist had said about dealing with anger. His head was too fuzzy - ringing and hot. He bit into his lip until his skin began to prickle. *Deep breaths.* Colton would, one day, get what was coming to him. Seth would make sure of it. --- /r/liswrites 