
Like we arranged, we always met toward the ends of his lives. I was not to intrude, not to disturb him, until he was absolutely bedridden (we'd decided this in one of his earlier reincarnations, when he couldn't stop himself from asking questions about his previous lives, and those memories, frankly, made him insane). This time around he was a she, an old Filipino lady at the edge of her life, tucked away in a nursing home in America. It was early Fall. The year was 2018. I was dressed in all black, as usual. Long, black overcoat over a black vest and dress shirt. Black jeans and black dress shoes. As a rule, I changed my race to match hers. So this time around I had smooth brown skin. When I arrived at her door I didn't bother to knock. We had given up such formalities centuries ago. She was dressed in all white, and was thin, delicate, sitting on a chair by the window. "Who's there?" She asked, turning her head. I hovered at the doorway and smiled my smile while she squinted her eyes and inspected me. Slowly I could see her remembrance of me returning to her, like color in someone's cheeks when they return inside after a winter day. "It's me." I said. "Oh." She turned her gaze back to the window. "That time already, huh?" I entered and took a seat on her neatly-made bed. "So, how'd I do?" She asked. "This time around?" "Yeah, how'd I do?" I hesitated. "You haven't asked in a long time. You sure you want to know?" "I'm tired." She looked me in the eye. "It's rough. Has it always been this rough around the end? Of course, there were good times. But just..." And she thought about it, then turned back to the window. "I don' think I could do it again. I just don't think I can, you know?" "That's alright." I felt sorry for her. There *were* bad times, horrible, messy, unspeakable times. I mean, she's lived through most of human history. But bad times always passed. Or she always wondered at what was next." "I mean it. I think I'm done." "Why the change of heart?" "I've had many hearts. Seeing you again reminds me of that. I didn't even know why I was so sad until you walked through that door. Until then, it was like a cold mist. Something fogging the windows, freezing me up inside. But now I know. "I'm sick. I don't just mean the cancer." She turned her body towards me now and grabbed my hand. "Don't you get tired of seeing it all pass by? Like a pool of water bound to evaporate? Souls waiting in the clouds, a life as fast as falling rain?" "I don't get it." I said. "You've been through millenniums? Why only now?" She squeezed my hand, and the lines in her smile deepened. "I'm sorry. I haven't been explaining myself well." And her lips started to quiver. "I cant see you anymore and I cant come back. You carry the weight of my past lives and all my past losses and past loves and everything in the shadows of your black coat. Somehow, even when I'm born, I know that you're bound to come, and that burden of memories looms over my life and affects every grain of my existence, even if for all those years I cant explain why I feel that way. "I'm done reincarnating. And I know that you are inevitably connected to that process, so I guess this will be my last time seeing you, too." Then, something I'm not used to. Something that had been missing for longer than history. An emptiness gathering inside me. "I'm sorry" she said again. "We've had so many good times. And I've learned so much by looking back with you. But I'm done looking." "No," I said. "I understand." She burst into a fit of coughing, and I helped her into bed. "Can I ask you something? Why do you choose to visit me?" "I needed a friend." I said. She chuckled. "We met once. A long time ago. And we became friends. It was something I hadn't expected either. I was just doing my job." "I hope you will make more friends." She said, quietly. She was starting to doze off, and I sat by and just watched her. Then, "Can I ask one more thing?" "Yes." "Are you Death?" She looked at me and we both smiled. Then she closed her eyes and slept. And she never woke up again. 