
Jack pushed the door closed. He had never told anyone about it. It was too painful and embarrassing. At least that's what he had thought 2 thousand years ago. "Jack!" a quiet shout came as Rose walked back from the kitchen. "How was your trip?" she asked. "Trip?" Jack asked. He looked around for a moment, trying to remember what lies he had told her back then. "Yeah, sure," he whispered and just hugged her. "Jack?" "I missed you so much," Jack whispered, "I missed you so much," he repeated and managed to keep his tears in check only thanks to preparing for that moment for ages. "Awww," Rose murmured and hugged him back. "I missed you too." "It felt like I was away at least two thousand years," Jack murmured. Rose chuckled. "You romantic." Rose's father came out from the corner and stared at Jack, whose face was serious. "I gotta talk with you, Jack," Jim said. "Sure. Want to take a walk?" Jack said with his fake smile. "I also wanted to talk to you." "Sounds good," Jim nodded. Rose frowned. "He just came back. What's the hurry?" "Hopefully nothing," Jim said, smiling and gave a quick kiss on Rose's forehead. "We'll be right back." They both left the house and started to walk roadside. They were silent for a short while, gathering their thoughts. "You never told her," Jack finally broke the silence between them. "I don't want to do this to my daughter," Jim whispered, "and to be honest, I still believe in you. You didn't do it, did you?" "I didn't," Jack responded, nodding. They continued walking for a short while. "How was it?" Jim finally asked the question that Jack was expecting. "First hundred years I wanted revenge. I only thought about revenge. It was all about getting revenge. After all, I was wrongly accused," Jack started his talk, making Jim look a bit away. "In the mind prison, years feel like they go faster than here. Like its one long-long dream. It can be painful, but before I noticed, it was over. I still kept all my vague memories, though. That hundred year feels a lot shorter now. "For the next thousand and five hundred years, I thought about Rose, about my family, and that includes you. I was struggling between revenge and forgiveness," Jack continued. Jim occasionally wanted to say something, perhaps something wise, but all he could do was listen. He was panicking a bit, but he tried to keep himself calm. "And those last remaining years, all I thought was leaving everything behind. I just wanted to get back to you all. I started counting the days. I started thinking of meeting you all again. During that two thousand years, I never forgot your faces. Not even one day," Jack said, finally shedding some tears. Jim smiled. "That's my boy," he said and hit Jack's back with his hand. "I guess there's nothing to worry about you, after all." "But you know," Jack said after his weak smile, "first years in that prison, I remembered something." He stopped, making Jim stop with him. He turned slowly around, facing his father-in-law. "You could enter her room as well, couldn't you? Only two of us could have entered her room." They both just stared at each other for a long time, wind going through their hairs. "No wonder you didn't tell Rose. You felt responsible, didn't you? I went to the prison for you, and merely a week ago none-the-less. You believe in me because you know very well who killed her." Jim sighed and gave off a weak smile. "Jack. You're overthinking this." "I had 2000 years to think about it, Jim. Yes, I did overthink this over and over and over. First, I was raging, but they say that time heals all wounds." Jim frowned. He looked around, possibly already thinking escape plans, ways to solve that. "But you know what, Jim. We are similar. She already lost her mother, and I love her too much that I wouldn't want to take away her father as well." Jack took one step closer and put his hand on Jim's shoulder. "I forgive you. It wasn't easy, but I took those years just for her. The worst case scenario - it's easier to think that I'm a monster than her own blood is a monster." Jim sighed. "I'm sorry." "You better be. Let's go back, I haven't seen Rose for too long," Jack said and turned around. "That cross is yours to carry and a lot heavier than that 2 thousand years." ---- ---- /r/ElvenWrites 