
This is my first time ever doing a WP, or generally writing anything since quite a while ago, I just spontanously flicked through some prompts and decided to go for something. ___ "Children are a blessing" I thought to myself as I watched little Violet play with her friends, chasing eachother, laughing uncontrollably as they pushed one another into the sand and just enjoyed this sunny afternoon. Her friends being Emily and Sophie, all going to the same class. It was a pretty hot day, so I was already anticipating the end of their sweet playtime, so I could go get some ice cream with my girl - a well deserved end to a great summer day. That's when a figure approached me from the side, "Keeping a watchful eye on the young ones, eh?" chimed an attractive voice, as a fairly young woman sat down next to me on the bench. "Indeed, one can never be careful enough. You look away for one second and you get a kid tripping and bruising its leg, followed by minutes of ear-shattering crying. It's funny, really, how fragile they are." I replied, my hamfisted attempt at conversation didn't go that bad, apparently, as she chuckled slightly and added "Yeah right, until they get some candy, then the pain magically disappears." A small laughter escaped me. Time passed for a little while as I was reading a few pages in my book I always bring along, until some of the kids started to grow tired, perhaps it was about time to leave, finally. "So, what is a young woman such as yourself doing here on the playground? You look way too young to be a mother of a second grader. Unless you keep yourself in such great shape", I tried flirting, to alleviate some of my tension - social interactions were never a strong point. She said "Well, same thing as you I suppose. But you're right, I'm picking up my cousin." "That's unlikely," I responded to the first part, "but that explains why I've never seen you around. Which one is 'yours' then?" "Oh, it's Violet. Excuse me, I mean that blonde one with the pigtails, yellow top.", she pointed out as the three girls started to finish up their playing and approached our bench. I excused myself, saying I have to go to the bathroom before I myself finish up, and quickly made my way away from the playground... Maybe next time I'll get her. 