
"Do you remember what I told you when we first met?" She asks. Her hands are folded neatly on her lap atop a hardcover notebook, pen threaded between long fingers. She never opens it. Never, not even once, had I seen her uncap the pen and scribble some note about my teenage parental issues, no little 'fears failure' or 'focuses too much on the past'. "You said that I'd be the one who solves my problems," I say. She nods. Expecting me to continue, she remains silent. So I add, "You said that it's my responsibility to seek help for myself. No one will do it for me." Again, she nods. "Very good," she says. "So why are you still here? Why do you keep talking to me?" "I don't get it, I'm trying to get help." "No, you're avoiding the help you really need." We engage in a quick stare-off. Her eyes are piercing and blue, effective in getting me to unravel honestly. It's so easy to lie but not with the way her gaze pressures me to reveal the honest stories of my past as if, given some miraculous ability to fact check my life, she'd know if I were being anything less than truthful. "I'm here," I insist. "I found you and you're helping me." "Where is here?" She quickly counters. Irritated and annoyed, brows tugging together and nose wrinkling, I look around. The sky is grey and clouds hang low, rushing quickly toward the treeline before disappearing behind the great green tufts of leaves. Dark trunks shoot down into grass, the great vista of rolling hills decorated with planted stones of various sizes. Crosses. Rectangles. Large pillar like monuments shoot up, phallic and proud, from the ground to announce the presence of some corpse, still rotting but generally more important than those around it. "This is where my problems started," I say. She shakes her head. "Here? Really?" Though I don't recall standing up, I'm beside one of the lesser grave markers, looking down at the name and date. *Matthew R. Tyler* *September 15, 1999 - January 1, 2017* *Son, brother, and child of God* "When you started seeing me earlier this year, you had mentioned that this was where you first began to hallucinate him, right?" She asks. From where she stands, several steps behind me, I can see her without fully turning my head, eyes straining to capture her poised posture beyond my shoulder. "Yeah," I say. "But this isn't where your problems started." "No, I guess not." "Where, then?" In my hand, my phone screen is bright and pointing at my face. Her glare, directed at the back of my neck, prickles up my spine and I'm too fearful to try catch her in my periphery again. "There?" She asks. "No." My tone is urgent but uncertain. "You don't know what you're talking about." "You blame yourself." The screen changes, messenger app opening and scrolling, my year summarised in a pathetic number of virtual social interactions, until his name appears at the bottom of the list. My thumb, but not *my* thumb, numb and feeling alien as it moves across my cracked phone screen, presses the message and it highlights blue before opening. Little yellow bubbles of unanswered texts sit, unchanged by the year. *Matty Tyler* *Dec. 31 2016 23:55* *Please, answer your phone.* "You blame yourself," she repeats. *Dec. 31 2016 23:56* *I need someone to talk to. I'm sorry. I know I'm an ass. Please.* "Stop," I say under my breath, tracing the power button with my thumb. *Dec. 31 2016 23:57* *I'm alone. You were all I had and I messed it up.* "You can't control anyone but yourself." The screen blurs but after a hard blink clarity is restored. *Dec. 31 2016 23:57* *You know I can't tell him.* *Dec. 31 2016 23:57* *He's not like your dad.* *Dec. 31 2016 23:58* *I'll really miss you.* "You need to get help," she says. In a fit of bubbling rage, I release my phone to the ground and it lands with nothing more than a hiss against the grass, unsatisfying and ineffective in expressing my anger. From the lump of land, under which rests whatever remains of Matty, the message stares me in the face. *Dec. 31 2016 23:59* *I've always loved you, no matter what my dad thinks. Don't blame yourself, this isn't your fault.* I turn around, the wet tear streaks nipped by the chilly breeze, to accuse her of pushing too hard, yelling, "You were *supposed* to help me." But no one is there. 