
The shop bell jingles quietly as I push open the door. The inside of the small, shack-like building is dusty, and the air is permeated with the smell of mildew and dried blood, indistinguishable from one another. Weapons- large, small, mechanical, magical, and every other sort- line the wall. I walk to the counter and ring the bell three times. "Corbin, that better not be you." A deep growl echoes from the back room. "Hey, hey, arms-dealer-o-mine!" I shout cheerfully. There's a pause, and then Argus comes out, covered in oil. His face, shrouded in a wild beard, surveys me impassively. "Why are you here, Corbin?" He smirks. "I need a weapon!" I say. "Pretty standard mercenary requirements." "I get it, you make more money than me." He grumbles. There's a a pause, and the two of us stare at each other. "What do you need?" "Fireball shooter." I say, checking a list that I pull from my pocket. "Standard strength specs, but I need a rapid fire modification." "That's gonna cost you." "How much?" "Call it... eight grand." "Five." "Bullshit." Argus slams his hand on the table. "It'll cost me more than that just to get the parts to make the modification." "Let me rephrase." I say lightly. Argus pauses, and it's the pause that gives me all the time that I need. I pull my dirk from its sheath and, with a simple flick, grab Argus's arm and pull it towards me, positioning the dirk directly over his wrist. Argus stares at me. "Blood doesn't lie." He hisses. "Interesting." I say mildly. I release his arm, and, staring into his eyes, prick my finger with the tip of the dirk. A drop of blood, white as milk, forms at the tip of my finger. Argus watches, hypnotized, as it falls onto the counter. "I'm a freak, Argus." I say, so softly it almost becomes a whisper. "I've seen shit that would make you melt down. My blood is pure white, it doesn't matter how many people I kill." "You're lying." He hisses. His voice shakes slightly as he watches the white blood run down my fingers. "Want me to prove it?" I look straight at him. Never let the other party see you blink- first rule of power plays. "You're a monster." "Granted." I spin the dirk. "But monsters get made. Maybe you should try treating people a little better on the whole, Argus." "How did you find out?" He asks. "Killed my stepdad." I shrug. "Drew my blood, came out white." There's a long silence as I polish the knife on my shirt. "Anyways." I sheath the knife and look up at Argus and smile. "Give me the modifications for free and I'll let you live." "Fair enough." He grimaces. "Pleasure doing business with you." I spin and walk from the shop, the door slamming behind me. Outside on the street , the rain has begun to fall. I stare up into the clouds, allowing the water to run down my face and into my eyes. "*Corbin?*" "Here." I say instantly, pressing my finger to my earpiece. "*We've got a situation- it's about a kilometer from you. Looks like a violent crime of some kind, but the authorities aren't letting us get much closer.*" "On my way." 