
Sharon traced her finger across the dusty stone tablet, squinting. The group of three adventurers was standing on the edge of explored territory on one of the farthest adventurer outposts, standing in front of a looming stone gate. "Yeah, this is Bhalow, I can read this." Eina and Belle high-fived each other behind her. "That means we can keep going, right?" Belle asked, unsheathing her great broadsword and looking forward at the misty land beyond the gate hungrily. "We don't want to get too far from the adventurer's outpost this late in the day, Belle." Sharon said, "But I guess it depends on what the tablet says." "Go on," Eina said, "Read it then." Sharon turned back to the tablet and translated the ancient dialect aloud to the group. "*A thousand stabbing daggers,* *A thousand grabbing hands,* *No man may ever claim the gift,* *Of the Ancient Bhalow lands.*" "Spooky," Eina said, shivering slightly in her mage robes, "That's a pretty nasty sounding Ancient Oath. Don't you think that's our cue to turn back?" "Are you kidding me?" Belle said, "This is our last chance to finally get the Guild to acknowledge us as a real raiding group and provide us with a real contract. Thousand daggers or no, we have to get that treasure." "I think Eina's right here," Sharon said, "An Ancient Oath is magic we can't mess with at our current level. However, look at this word right here." She pointed to the tablet with her finger. "We can't read that, idiot. What does it say?" Belle said impatiently. Sharon looked smug, "It says no *man* may ever claim the treasure. No *man*. We're women. That means the Ancient Oath won't affect us." "You're right!" Belle elbowed Sharon in the gut, "You may be kinda weak, but you're a genius!" "Are you sure?" Eina said, peering nervously into the misty realm beyond, "What if you mistranslated it or something?" Belle poked Eina on the nose, "Didn't you hear me? Sharon is a genius! She's found our one path to glory! We can become a true raiding party after today if we get that treasure! Think about it!" "I guess it would be nice to get into the Elamorin School of Magic," Eina muttered. "That's the spirit! We all have things that we want that've been denied from us." Belle turned away and held her broadsword in the air, "Today we can finally show the world that we can fight too!" Belle marched forward into the mist. Eina and Sharon looked at each other for a brief moment, then followed. They marched forward in a while in silence, the mist swirling around them. Belle still strode forward confidently, but even she jumped at any sound along with the other two. "See," Belle said loudly, "Looks like I was right, guys. The Ancient Oath won't work on us after all." "That's right." An ethereal voice answered her, "I've waited oh so long for someone to figure it out." The party drew their weapons as a form appeared in the mist. "Hello, ladies," A tall, robed demoness appeared in front of them, "I'm Trelya, the Keeper of the Mists." "Are you going to kill us?" Belle asked. The other two were too scared to speak. Trelya was at least an S-tier monster. "No," Trelya said, "You're the first warrior women that have explored this land since the legendary Bhalow heroes of ages past." "Wait, the Bhalow heroes were *women!*" Sharon exclaimed, "We had always been taught they were men... " "No, I knew them personally. They bestowed upon me the duty of passing down their immortal powers to the next generation of women warriors." Trelya looked at the three of them, "They probably did not expect it to take hundreds of years, but here you all are." "We're going to become... like the heroes in the stories?" Eina said, "*Us?*" "Not automatically," Trelya said, "You're just going to receive the right to stand at the starting line. Are you all willing to accept that right?" The three of them exchanged looks. "Yes, we're ready." ___ [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WanderWilder/comments/ly06aj/the_dungeon_maidens_part_2/) Also, read my best prompt answers and more at r/WanderWilder. Thanks for reading! 