
Everyone was staring out of the window of the bridge. The metre thick glass protecting them from the ravages of space. Specifically, the empty spare directly before them. Their teams on earth had spent the past 5 years searching for an area of space empty enough for this test, and when they located this sector, they did not hold back sending the ship out. This was the first ship of its kind, the first one to break light speed. Or, so the theory was. It hadn't exactly been tested, there wasn't anywhere large and empty enough for it to be safely pushed to its limits, till today. It had taken them 5 months of flying at almost light speed to get here. The pilot gripped the handle, currently pulled fully towards her. A small display on it showed a green 0.01x. This was their current speed, around 3000km/s. Scarily fast for most of the newer members of the crew, but the pilot had reached 0.03x before, that was scary. A silent nod from the Captain, and she pushed the lever away from her. The number started raising ever so slowly at first. 0.01, 0.02, 0.03. She pushed the lever further, and the numbers started to jump higher, and higher, and higher. At 0.1x the crew started to murmur amongst themselves, the blackness of space looked like it had started to tear around them, white streaks appearing in their peripheral vision. At 0.5x there was almost no black left, and instead of it being the blackness of space with white streaks, it was now pure white with black streaks. In the distance, they could see a few red dots, some yellow dots, and a massive green dot which seemed to be getting larger. The captain confirmed that these were the locations of planets, or at least, they used to be. At 0.9x the crew had started to panic. There was chaos of the bridge, the whiteness had started to burn peoples skin, with the green dot having split itself up, turning the whiteness into a white and green grid. At 1x the glass shattered, the bridge faded away, and the crew were left, screaming, in the middle of a white grid. They weren't dead, if anything, they were saved. The ship was nowhere to be seen, and all that could be seen on the grid, was a red door in the distance. Everyone went silent again, and they all started walking towards the door, not questioning its existence, just knowing they had to walk. 