
Goblin king: "and suddenly you hear a knock on your dwelling's door." Necromancer: "I will get up from the table to open the front door, but before I open it, I look through the nearby window to see who is disturbing our game." Goblin king: "roll for perception." Necromancer: "3... Shit." Goblin king: "the lights are off and you can't see who is at the door. How do you proceed?" Necromancer: "umm.." Barbarian: "just open the door! It's not like you have to worry about an army of paladins!" Collective laughs Necromancer: "fine, fine. I open the door." Goblin king: "in your doorway stands a man wearing black and blue clothes with a symbol over his left breast, carrying two flat, square boxes." Elven priestess: "oh, that must be the pizza I ordered!" Necromancer: "pizza?" Goblin king: "it's a common food found in the suburbs." Necromancer: "and people just... Bring it to your dwellings?" Goblin king: "in the world of suburbia you can order food for a price and other people of suburbia will deliver it for you." Necromancer: "interesting. I take the Pizza!" Goblin king: "the pizza man says 'that will be twenty-two eighty-four' and extends his hand." Necromancer: "how many gol- uhh, dollars do I have again? Let's see.. oh no. I only have fifteen dollars. Guys do y'all have any spare dollars?" Barbarian: "my character doesn't get anymore currency for another week. I don't have anything." Elven priestess: "I thought you were going to cover it? You're lucky I have exactly eight dollars left. I get up from the table to hand John the money." Necromancer: "perfect! That's twenty-three dollars. I hand him the money." Goblin king: "the pizza man counts the money and says 'what about my tip?' and looks at you with his head slightly cocked to the side." Necromancer: "uhhhh... Be wary of rogues on your way back to your dwelling?" Goblin king: "well usually delivery people of suburbia want additional currency in addition to the cost of the food, but that's okay, roll for charisma." Necromancer: "fourteen, plus my modifier.. seventeen." Goblin king: "the delivery driver looks at his feet, rather defeated, turns around and slowly walks back to his SUV." Necromancer: "excellent. I return to the group table with pizza in hand and set it down next to everyone." Barbarian: "I think it was my turn in the game. What card was on top of the stack?" Goblin king: "it was a red five." Barbarian: "I play a red two on top of it." Goblin king: "okay it looks like you have one card remaining." Elven priestess: "uno!" Barbarian: "son of a... How am I supposed to remember what I'm supposed to say!?" Elven priestess: "it is the Spanish word for 'one'." Barbarian: "my character doesn't speak Spanish!" Goblin king: "it's also the name of the game your characters are playing." Barbarian: "ugh. Fine. I draw my cards." Necromancer: "and I will eat a pizza!" Goblin king: "roll for constitution." Necromancer: "Nat one..." Goblin king: "you burn your mouth and taste nothing. Also, you take three damage." Sorry for any editing errors, this was all done on my phone. *Fixed a couple of typos 