
"Doloris! That bastard pervert is on TV again" Al shouted from his armchair through a mouth full of prestils. Doloris, avoiding the saliva saturated projectiles, turned to Al " I'm sitting right next to you Allan you dont have to shout" she said quietly. There was a time when Doloris would have cursed him into next Tuesday with a flick of her wrist for the meer indication that he would mutter a word with his mouth full. However things had changed Al was old and deaf and seemed to be deteriorating by the day. "This smut shouldn't be allowed before the 9pm watershed, does this man not realise the havock that would be unleashed if Hex education was a part of high school curriculum?" Al posed this as a question but Doloris knew he could neither hear her or cared about her opinion. Doloris rose gingerly from her spot on the sofa and made her way to the kitchen to fix herself a coffee. Al was shouting at the TV again, this would continue all day until he had his evening drink(spiked with just a touch nightshade to help the old sod sleep). Doloris thought about her time in highschool often these days. She wondered if anything could have been differnt if they had the kind of Hex education so prevalent in the media. In her day you learned by word of mouth. Is your husband drinking too much? You can use the alcofeto curse to put an end to that. Speaks with his mouth full? A simple incantation of cronos accelerom and he will speed through the meal none the wiser. She had heard roumors of people having adverse reactions to the curses but as Al told her time and time again this was hippy propaganda. But when she looked at him, really looked at her once strong and fierce lover he seemed 20 years older than her. This was odd, she thought. They had met at 17, married at 20. Why had he aged so terribly? Why was she still in control of her facilities and he was losing his grasp by the day? Doloris never liked such negative thoughts. Her mother had always told her "If your thoughts are troubling you cast the Hex of never blue" so she did. She sat back down next to Al, held his hand and said "Your right Allan, we never had Hex education and it's done us no harm". 