
"So, can I come in?" He asked. "No." "Wait, Lindsay!" I slam the door shut and press my back against it, ignoring the pounding outside. "Lindsay! Open up! Please, I just want to talk to you!" The hammering of my heart fills my ears, drowning my "brother's" voice. I close my eyes as I slide down to the floor. I don't understand what's going on. Who is that man? Why is he pretending to be my brother? There's a buzzing in my pocket. I pull out my phone and read the incoming text, *don't trust him*. *Who is this?* I text back. No response. If only Mom were home. She'd know what to do. But she isn't home, and I don't know where she was. She received a text and then sprinted out of the house. I got a text from her later letting me know she'd be home soon. I wish she was here now. "Lindsay!" I squeeze my eyes shut, covering my hands with my ears. I was too young to remember much of my brother, Charlie, except that I loved him so much. He used to play with me--whatever I wanted. We'd dress as princesses and have tea together. Dad was furious when we did that. He strictly forbade it, so the game turned into a secret. It was more exciting this way, Charlie would say, and I believed him. I remember how broadly he smiled when he'd sip his tea, his pinky high in the air, like it was supposed to be. And I remember how small the tiara looked in his nest of unruly brown curls. The same curls as the man outside... But I know he can't be my brother. Charlie is gone. It's the reason Mom took me away from Dad. She said Dad took Charlie away from her, so it was only right that she took me away from him. Another buzz. *It's me, Charlie.* Immediately, I throw my phone across the room. More lies! Why? Why was this happening? And why now? I pull my knees into my chest, curling into a ball. Charlie is gone. I know he is. He's gone, and this is just some sort of sick game. Maybe it's Dad's sick game. Mom said he was sick, too sick to be cured by doctors. Suddenly, the pounding stops. I can hear my ragged breath, deafening in the new silence. Can he hear it too? "Princess Charlene would like to request an audience with Princess Ponytail." I freeze, my blood running cold. It wasn't possible. Charlie was gone ... But no one else knew our secret code names. Not even Mom. Charlie had been adamant that it remain secret. It was life or death, he'd said. I untangle myself from the floor and peek through the glass window over the door. The likeness is uncanny. He's older, so much older, but he has the same unruly curls and honey eyes. He notices me, and smiles. There's the chip in his front tooth from when Dad pushed his head against the table. Mom screamed for hours. Although my brain screams at me not to, I crack open the door. "How do you know that?" "It's me, Ponytail, I promise." Hearing my nickname stirs something within me. He sounds just like Charlie, and I always believed him. I can't explain why, but I believe him now. I step back, opening the door, and he enters. He's so much taller now. I always thought he was tall, but now he towers over me. His smile is gentle, the same warm, lopsided grin I remember. The questions wrestle in my mind, each of them fighting to be asked first. But there's one that burns brighter than the others. "Charlie," I say. "Hm?" Wordlessly, I lead him downstairs into the basement. His brows furrow, the only indication of his nerves. We pause, and with a grunt, I lift open the freezer door. Inside is a boy with the same unruly nest of curls. "If you're Charlie, then who is he?" 