
This is more of a beginning, but I would love to hear your thoughts. &#x200B; &#x200B; "Your target, one David Wallace, has been declared as a legal and justified murder for the following 72 hours. It is my duty to inform you that his name has been registered within the database and he can be notified of this request over our online service. If you should fail to murder him within this 72-hour window, you may never again try to commit this act against him. Do you understand this restriction as I have cited it to you?" The officer stared at Tyler Weber with tired eyes that wished he was someplace else. Since the passing of the Justified Murder Act, he had probably been working extra shifts to process the number of requests coming in from people who wanted to exert their new right. "Yes, I understand," Tyler said. He stood in the crowded station. The humdrum of the station around them went about with callings ringing and officers and detectives milling about. He looked over towards an area way behind the desk and saw the sign hanging from the ceiling: Homicide. The officers and detectives were sitting around, waiting. The thought occurred to Tyler that maybe their job responsibilities were almost non-existent now. "At the end of this 72-hour window, we will need you to go online and add the results of this act. We will need whether or not you succeeded, what method was used in the murder, and a date and time the act was committed along with proof of this time." The duty officer rattled off the instructions as if he was rehearsing them in a play. "Okay," Tyler responded, not knowing what else to say. He was fine with all of this. He'd read the Act and knew what the law said. This wasn't just some spur-of-the-moment kind of thing. Not some murder on impulse, like most murders were. No, David Wallace had this coming for a long time. When the law was first passed, it hadn't occurred to Tyler that he could take care of this problem that had bugged him for years. It wasn't until last week when David dropped the straw that broke the camel's back and the wheels in Tyler's mind began to spin off their rails. It had been a long time coming and David was about to get what he deserved. He thought now about the gun in the glovebox of his car. A Sig Sauer. Something reliable and expensive (he wanted to get this right). It would be clear that David would know who was coming for him and if Tyler messed up (no chance), David would probably be coming right back at him. It was fine. He worked with David. It was a large reason he hated the guy. The jokes, the strut around the office of some jock who was popular in high school and now had to take out everything because he'd been relegated to a low-level accountant, the clothes that yelled that he shopped at Ralph Lauren and had lots of colorful shorts and boat shoes. David Wallace had to die. "Please sign here and this begins your 72-hour window," the officer said. Tyler savored the feel of the pen and the swift swooping motions of signing his name across the document. After he finished the officer took it, tore off the top sheet, and gave him a pink copy from underneath. He grabbed it and turned around to walk away looking down at the sheet. The first line felt that it needed to be read and re-read over and over again. THIS DOCUMENT CERTIFIES THAT DAVID WALLACE IS NOW MARKED LEGALLY AS A TARGET FOR FIRST-DEGREE MURDER FOR 72 HOURS FROM THE SIGNING OF THIS DOCUMENT. Tyler couldn't help the shit-eating grin that crept across his face. 