
It was late, I was tired, and this was the last bus of the night. I only barely made it; if it wasn't for my bag, I would have been stuck. Oh, right - you don't know about that. Might as well tell you. See this bag? It might not look like much, but it was a gift to our family from a powerful... well, a magician. I know, I know. It sounds stupid. If you look in the bag, it looks like a bunch of junk - a canceled movie ticket, receipts, a few coins, string... bottom-of-the-purse kind of stuff. But if you just reach your hand in, like this, it gives you exactly what you need. Oh. Apple? Anyway, I'd been out-and-about, and hadn't been watching the time. I got hungry, but instead of pulling out a sandwich, I pulled out an alarm clock! Imagine my surprise when the silly thing went off in my hand. Good thing, too; the last bus was due to depart. I made it just in time. So, yeah. I got on the bus, reached into my bag, pulled out the first thing I felt, and... it's a gun. At that point, I already had it halfway to the card slot, so there's no way I'm putting it back. I held it up in front of my face, just staring at it. That's when I noticed the whole bus went dead quiet. The driver is looking at me, his face white; the other passengers are staring, wide-eyed. I remember thinking, "Well, I'm going to prison now, for sure." I'm wasn't thinking all that clearly. Instead of putting the gun back, I just kept staring at it, sitting in my hand. I never even held a gun before, it was so weird. Surreal. I reached into the bag with my other hand, and pull out a golf club. A golf club! Like freakin' Mary Poppins! Somebody started saying something, but I didn't even hear them. I just giggled. It was all so weird. I set the golf club down, just leaned it against the rail, and pulled out that stupid alarm clock again. Gun, golf club, alarm clock. Clearly, my bag was broken. Then the alarm went off. I was already a bit on edge, and that... well, I jumped. Closed my fist. The same fist that was holding a gun. My finger tightened on the trigger, and the gun almost jumped out of my hand. Someone screamed, and there was smoke and... blood. Big guy, dirty T-shirt, was laying in the aisle. I shot him! I have to admit, I'm not good in high stress situations. When I saw him laying there, I was sure he was dead. I grabbed the golf club, to... I don't know, lever him over or something. Only he wasn't dead; I shot him in the knee. He yelled, and I panicked, and thumped him over the head with the golf club. Knocked him right out. I almost wet myself. Of course, then everyone started jumping the guy, and eventually someone told me he was trying to hold up the bus, and he had a shotgun, and I was a hero. I couldn't tell the cops, of course. Luckily, the bag had an answer for that, too - a handwritten note, signed by me, that detailed the events in a more believable way. It said I found the gun under the bus steps. So, yeah. Magic bag. It's all yours, son. Good luck. 