
I sit on the shores and watch the water lap my feet. The cold is only slightly uncomfortable, but the slow rise and fall of the waves are hypnotic. Toes poke above the water. Now they do. Now they don't. I like to sit and wonder how long it would take for the waters to erode my body into nothing, but nothing sounds just dandy to me. Blinking lights fill the sky, but stars haven't been visible for decades now. Atmospheric control provides too much interference. All those low orbit satellites whiz and whirl in the exosphere, and I remember how biting it can be. Cold, cold, cold. There was a time when you could see the stars, but I don't exactly miss them. But that was a different time. The moon stretches and dances across the water. All I remember from my brief visit there is the deafening silence in the space suit, punctuated by the occasional crackles on the radio. Farther down the shore a couple relaxes by the water. They're either up very late or very early, I cannot tell. Time is a funny thing. I decide to stand and walk over. I say hello, but they cannot hear me. I ask their names, but they say nothing. Mesmerized by the waves. Back and forth, back and forth. Even after all this time, a person cannot acclimate to the loneliness. I am here, but I am gone. I am someone, and no one. Physical senses remain, but the world around me is now unchanged by my actions. Once my will dominated nations. Men bowed their heads to my command. I walk for what feels like hours, finding a rather cozy small town. Early morning sunlight creeps through the trees. Thanks to me there are still trees, towns, and people to populate them. I may be dead but I can still have my ego. I find a library and enter. The doors are locked, but open for me. My name covers nearly an entire shelf, subjecting my legacy to the one man fallacy. The grand unifying force, the single man who brought the world back from the brink. A time when men killed each other over a glass of water. No one remembers the hundreds who gave just as much as I did, who similarly saved mankind. Footsteps. A man wanders through another aisle, perusing a section himself. Perhaps it's the librarian. "Good morning," I call. To my amazement his head cocks. "More like good evening," he responds. His fingers thread over the bindings. I don't respond, but he simply pulls out a book and cracks it open. A duplicate, really. The physical copy of the book remains in place. "I recognize you," he says. Something I'm used to. "I don't recognize you." He chortles. "I'm not from this country. I've read plenty about you." Many have. "How much of it is true?" I try to answer honestly. "Some of it is. Some of it isn't." He nods knowingly. "It always is." He turns to leave, but stops. Again he faces me. "You should meet the others." "Others?" He ignores me and begins to leave. I follow. I have to. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 