
We were all roomates - myself, Chad, Jared, and Dave. He was always the smiling one in the group. Dave was rarely seen without his stupid shit eating grin plastered across his face. When any of the rest of us were down, in a rough patch, or really just needed anything for quality of life, Dave was our superhero. I swear, he'd give you the shirt off his own back if you said you were cold. Dave kinda kept to himself too. He never pushed to go along with us when we went out, and sometimes we wouldn't think to invite him. Whenever we'd roll back in, he was still his chipper self and would ask how it was. As far back as I can remember, Dave never really complained either. He was either the silent listener, or singing about the silver lining, or how it could always be worse. Then it happened. One day, I noticed I could start experiencing life from other people's perspective. It was quite odd at first, but as I got the hang of it I started to notice the diversity of perception was limited only by the perviewers. I never tried using it on my friends, but then i started thinking about how Dave always just knew what to say, or how to say it, to bring us up. I wondered how the others were felt about life. First I tried out Chad. He was the typical jock in the group. He looked at everything as how he could either eat it, fight it, lift it, or fuck it. I got some good laughs out of that experience. Next I tried out Jared. He seemed super analytical about everything and always measured the interactions between this and that. I felt dizzy trying to keep up. Then there was Dave. Fucking gods, poor Dave. At first I had no clue what happened. One moment I'm me, and then the next it was cold and empty - no, even less than that. It suddenly felt as if I walked into some horror sci-fi fantasy and was standing with one foot in the Void and the other the abyss. I never knew, none of us did. Dave was one of the kindest people I've ever met, but on the inside.... Dave was dead. Everything he did to make others happy was because he was missing that happiness in his life. Every smile wasn't because he was content, but was to remind us of our blessings. His greatest fear was that one day one of us would be miserable, so he gave everything he had to keep any of us even remotely feeling like him. And every once in a while, he would long for someone to reach out into that cold, twisting darkness to pull him out. Instead, we'd go out on the town without him. Or we'd forget to give him a call when we were doing a night in. As I left his perspective of life, I didn't even realize I was bawling. Dave was already there, his concern visible on his face. "What's wrong, Sam?" He said. Still smiling for me as if I didn't know.... ______________________ On mobile, so sorry for any mistakes. Hope you like, and I'd love any feedback. :) Edit: thank you kind stranger for the gold! I'm reading through the comments, and I really am grateful for many of them. I'll try part 2 later on, stuck to mobile only for a while. Esit 2: part 2 is up. Commented off of part 1 Edit 3: a lot of ppl saying they feel like Dave. I'm so sorry. I wrote this from Sam's perspective because of the WP, and because sometimes I have to be my own Sam. Even in the darkest nights there's comfort and solace to be found (in healthy ways). Keep your chins up and be as absolutely stubborn as possible to keep some love for yourself! 