
I can't even remember what we fought about. Something stupid, something trivial. Maybe she forgot to text me when she was out with her friends, maybe I forgot to get the oil changed in the car like I'd promised. But after she had slammed the door to the bedroom, and left me sitting seething on the couch, I made up my mind. I walked into my studio and uncovered my most recent series of paintings, five re-imaginings of classical sculpture subjects with assorted disabilities, and closing my eyes, I began to think of what I was going to say. The next day, in the gallery, I stepped into a crowd of society's wealthiest art connoisseurs. Slipping to the podium, I heard snatches of their conversation, analyzing the Baroque influences in my style, debating if there was any deeper significance to my use of red in the portrait of the two-headed hummingbird. She stood with them, wearing a little black dress, fingers delicately cradling her glass of champagne. We hadn't talked since the fight. We'd taken separate cars, and I didn't even know if we were still on for dinner. Well, if we were now, we wouldn't be for long. I closed my eyes and clenched my teeth, focusing everything on my new goal: soon, it would all be over. Reaching the podium, I turned my back to the curtain covering the "Dissculptured" series, and cleared my throat. No one heard except her, and she clinked her bangles against her champagne glass until the room fell silent. I said, "Ladies and gentlemen, I just want to say a few words before we begin. I really appreciate your continued patronage over the years. It's brought me to a life I could only have dreamed of." They applauded politely. I found I couldn't look at her. Instead, I stared at a painting hanging on the opposite side of the room, not mine, thank God, but an all-white canvas with the upper right corner painted red. Why, I wondered, hadn't I had the sense to go modern? Continuing, I said, "I have to tell the truth, though. I hate painting. I only started to impress my fiance, who, until this moment, hasn't known anything more about my true feelings for artwork than any of you. But all that ends today." Turning around, I pulled down the curtain. Everyone gasped, perhaps for my statements, perhaps for the paintings, which, I guess, were objectively my best work. Reaching into my coat pocket, I pulled out a pocket knife. "I'm a fake!" I shouted, stabbing the first canvas, which depicted the Venus de Milo as a Thalidomide victim and dragging the the blade down. "I'm a *fake*!" I plunged the knife into *Discobolus with Scoliosis*. "And I'm *never painting another picture again*!" Everything went red for a moment, and when I came back to myself, I was entangled in strands of canvas. She was the first to approach me. Reaching out tentatively, she took the knife from my hands, and I surrendered it helplessly. Slowly, the audience began to applaud--for her, I thought, for the end of my outburst. But the applause continued, and then cameras began flashing. As she wrapped her arm around my shoulders and started leading me to the exit, I heard one of the critics shout, "Now *that*--that passion, that self-hatred--*that* is the mark of a truly excellent artist!" r/pm_me_your_molars 