
An uncomfortable silence hung in the air as Satan continued staring out of the cathedral style windows of his office. You wouldn't think Satan could be sullen looking out of this deliciously mockingly adorned office, yet there he stood glaring at that damn cottage. I took a moment to appreciate the craftsmanship that had gone into perfectly recreating the feel and look of a church inside the tallest tower in hell. "If you keep that up they'll have to replace the windows again..." I tried to put some joviality into the words, but Satan just exhaled through his nostrils loudly and kept glaring. The window was actually starting to turn slightly incandescent, and I worried I'd end up having to fill out the paperwork for yet another surface trip to replace the fine crystal. "You know you could talk to her." Satan was suddenly standing over me. He hadn't moved, he had just stopped being there and was instantly here. I hated when he did that, and I still couldn't figure out how he did it after 40 eons. "You don't ever tell me what to do Cain." I swallowed the lump in my throat and stood up, forcing myself into the uncomfortably small space he had left between us. "Yes I do, I do it all the time. So quit acting like a mopey child and go talk to her. What's it been, 39 eons since you said anything to her?" "Forty two thousand and 16 years to be exact." His red eyes were glaring into my forehead with such intensity I started to sweat, and yet I could feel the temperature in the room dropping as his anger burgeoned. Well the worst I could suffer would be another couple eons on the wrack, or digging holes and filling them back in. Satan really liked punishments that were completely pointless, since he had figured out a long time ago those punishments broke people the fastest. "Father's balls I hate you humans." Satan was back at the window, standing in the same spot as before just like he had never moved. I searched for the small amount of steel left in my spine and resolved to find out more about the occupant of that cottage before he decided he was bored of my company again. "You could just pop over there you know. It's not like that lake of fire would even hurt you. It couldn't even stop you." "...Except it can. And it does. And every year it grows just a little bit larger." My mouth dropped open. This was the most he's ever said on the subject since the first time he had tripped up and told me the cottages resident was a woman he had only spoken to once. I walked over to the window and looked at the lake of fire closely for the first time in a very long time. "I'm damned, I never noticed it was growing... what do you mean it could stop you?" A snapping sound pulled my gaze to the right and Satan's horned visage was now glaring down at me from over his left shoulder. Creepy bastard loved pulling exorcist shit ever since that damn film had made it down here from upside. "It isn't my domain. I didn't put that lake of fire there, she did." "...but. What? How?" His head snapped back to the front with another cringe inducing cacophony of crunches. I swear he couldn't have that many bones, he must have been adding it for effect. "Hate. I hate you humans, as you well know, and I hate my father and my kin who turned against me in the end, and that is what sustains my domain. Hatred is what I push into the world of man in order to grow my dominion. I am the origin of hate, but she... she hates everything in existence. I didn't understand when she first fell just how much hate there could be in a human soul." "Wait. I thought I was the first human soul here?" Satan made a sound that was caught somewhere between a dying man's death rattle and a broken man's sobbing wail. His version of a laugh. "No. Not by far. Many of your kin committed lesser sins which let me into their hearts, and eventually dragged them here. You just committed the first murder within father's precious flock, the second real sin in his eyes. He tapped one of his long fingernails against the crystal, pointing at the cottage in the middle of the lake of fire. "She committed the first sin. The only sin that could damn your entire race in the eyes of our father." The pieces clicked into place in my mind, and I stared with a newfound horror at the small cottage in the lake of fire. "Eve?" "Just so. And every moment since she first fell in that spot the lake has been growing. Slowly but inexorably devouring more of my domain." "... what happens when it reaches the edge?" I noticed a flickering in the corner of my eye, and for an instant I saw Satan as the angel he had been before the fall. Beauty and masculinity incarnate, severe and yet awe inspiring at the same time. The horns, scales, armor, scars, fur, fangs, hoofs and all were gone for the briefest of moments, and in that moment I saw something I had never expected to see, fear in the eyes of the devil. "I don't know." It turns out the worst punishment in hell isn't a punishment at all, it's knowing what the devil is afraid of. 