
After the initial outbreak, it was almost comical how quickly the... well, the zombie apocalypse, was averted. Before, Felicia had been working as a fast food cashier. The day it started, she'd been walking out of work when a group of them had started after her, their bodies still fresh enough to run. She still remembers it like it was yesterday -- huddling inside, behind the counter with her co workers, and listening to the constant moan of 'feeed...feeeed.' A day and a half later, they'd all been rescued by a small troop of the reserves. A huge cage in the middle of their camp held dozens of the creatures. She remembers shuffling past. All the others had gone first, and the zombies had stayed dormant, but when she passed... Seven of them had pulverized their heads against the cage bars trying to reach her. The others had simply pressed up against the cards and stared at her, moaning in hunger. Half the town was in the camp by the time it was over, being quarantined and tested. The other half were all dead or fled. None of her co workers had merited anything more than a short meeting with a doctor to make sure they were well. She'd gotten a *captain.* "Miss Dodge. We've noticed the creatures seem particularly reactive to you. Any idea why?" the stocky black man had asked. "Not particularly, Captain..." His hands, propped beneath his chin, obscured her view of his name tag. "Campanelli. We've received numerous reports of these creatures being attracted to certain people. Some of those are understandable -- Nobel Prize winners, physicists, philosophers. But then there are people like you." He drops one hand to a file on the table. It's marked with her name, like this is a bad shot film. "Graduated high school without ever getting an A in class. Finished one year of college before you decided you preferred trade school. Of all the people on God's green earth, why would they chase after an *mechanic in training?*" She didn't know then. She doesn't know now, beyond a vague idea of what the zombies' creators could have programmed them to look for. But she'd been 'invited' to come along, and she had. Felicia's not stupid. When people with guns invite you somewhere, it's a command, not a possibility. Standing on her balcony, Felicia sips her coffee and turns the holographic model in front of her on. It's not her first space ship. Not by far. But it is the most ambitious. If her design works -- and it will -- they'll be loading up colonists for Alpha Centauri in half a year. Another turn, another sip. When the chip in the back of her hand begins bleating, she sighs and steps back into her apartment. Today, the first wormhole ship flies. Tomorrow, the hunt for the Infectors begins. 