
"A triple vodka and ether," Aziam sat down on a bar stool with a heavy sigh. "Rough day?" I asked with a smile. Of course the concept of day and night was an Earthly one but Aziam knew what I meant nonetheless. "You have no idea," he rolled three eyeballs up to the whale bone ceiling and back. Aziam was one of my regulars. He didn't spend any time on the heat of the dance floor, so we'd had time to talk. We hadn't got along at first, none of us did. Me being a human, destined to be forever tortured in hell, them being demons destined to forever torture me - made things a little awkward at first. The whole lost paperwork fiasco had got many imps thrown into the pit of eternal ice. They would spend forever and a day mining the ice that I now plopped into the hazy concoction for Aziam. Their mess up certainly had its upsides though. Unable to assign me to any specific circle, meant that they simply couldn't. It went against rules and regulations. Turns out the devil was a stickler for them. So here I was, spending eternity serving drinks to demons of all calibre. It could be rough. The bar fights were messier than those in Birmingham and that was saying something. The mosh pits and raves were something I avoided at all costs, thankfully the bar offered some refuge from those. The clientele could be rude, violent and seductive in ways I'd never thought possible - and no when a demon was trying to seduce you, it wasn't a good thing. Still, it had its moments. The demons who frequented the bar always had good stories to tell. Especially those who were assigned the darkest of souls. There were people down here who you'd never expect! The demons on the dance floor tended to be more interested in each other than in me, but I kept the drinks flowing and the bass dropping and that kept them from tearing me apart, most of the time anyway. I handed Aziam his drink. He knocked it back and slammed the glass back down on the polished black surface of the bar. "Another?" I asked. "Teriel was off this cycle, on leave in Limbo, so that meant I got put in Fraud. You know how much I hate Fraud!" he gnashed his pointed teeth together. I nodded in sympathy and handed him another vodka and ether. "Everyone says Fraud is the worst," I said. "They're right. The souls there are a bunch of arseholes. Cocky, twatty, arseholes who think they know everything. One of them was trying to tell me that he'd already had his limit of torture today, he thinks he knows the bloody system - tried to rig the tally so he got less and this other soul got more!" he scraped his claws across the bar. I sighed inwardly, that would take a while to polish out those gouges. "Sounds awful, bet you can't wait to get back to Violence," I poured him out another in anticipation of him necking his second drink. He gulped it down and nodded, his eyes beginning to slip out of focus from the toxic mixture of Russian vodka and ether from the Void. "I can't bloody wait to get back to Violence. They're a simple folk who succumb to the best kinds of torture. There's no wonder Teriel took a time out to Limbo. I bloody need one after today," he tapped his claws together and gave me a lopsided fang-filled grimace. "If I see another tax return it'll be too soon. It's more torture for me than them. Let me get back to ironing someone's eyeballs!" "Absolutely," I agreed. 