
I was sweating slightly, the dim lighting framing soft ambient classical music, the clattering of flatware and whispered conversation. I was always nervous on first dates, especially meeting people from dating services. Then, I saw her, if anything, she looked even better than her photos. Caramel skin accenting jet-black hair and a jet-black dress. The sweating was no longer so slight. I stood up and waved to her nervously. She shot me a quick smile and trotted over to the table like we were old friends. "Hey, I'm Jerry," I said, reaching out my hand. "Delighted, and I'm Roxanne." She shot me a grin before sitting down. "So, have you been here before? Any suggestions?" "Hah, no, this is my first time." My hand unconsciously rubbed the back of my neck. "I, uh, don't go to fancy places like this so often." "Oh really? I would think that a fancy lawyer like yourself would be at places like this all the time." Her eyes teased me over the menu before flicking back down. "The duck looks nice, basted in rosemary, slow roasted, caramelized carrots, rosette potatoes." She said it more to herself than to me. "Yeah, I mean, I don't work for any big firms or anything, I usually just end up doing public cases. You know, the guys who come in and can't afford the big-shot lawyers." I glanced up to see her regarding me. "I-I like to help out the community, you know." I lied. The truth was everyone rejected me almost out of hand during the interviews. My grades and bar scores weren't spectacular, but they also weren't public-defender bad. "Ah, that's so nice of you!" A half smile traced her lips. "I like people who follow their passions. People who try to help out." "It's great, you know, going home, knowing you've done your part for the community." My smile was a shade away from a grimace as I looked down. It wasn't great, especially when the only rental contract I could get was in the east side tenements. The waiter came over, "Excuse me madam, are you ready to order?" "Ah, yes. Tell me, how is the duck?" "Divine. An excellent choice." "Fantastic, I'll take that, thank you." "And you *sir*?" He turned to me, a politely inquiring face giving way to slight condescension, tone changing almost imperceptibly. I'd had to pay the Mitre'D a hundred bucks just to get in the door, word must have spread. "Uh," I quavered a bit uncomfortably. "I think I'll take the Cod. Thanks." "Of course." He walked away with the menus and I began to pour glasses of a red wine I'd ordered earlier. "So." She looked up at me mischievously. "Shall we?" My hand began to shake as I set a glass before her. "Oh, I don't..." I trailed off. "It's just so silly you know. I like to get to know people the other way. Isn't it kind of embarrassing showing *that* to everbody?" "Oh, come on." She pouted her lips at me teasingly. "How bad can it be? A handsome guy like you, big shot lawyer committed to the poor. You're a gem for sure!" Before I could say anything, she put hers on the table. The soft light of the restaurant refracted enchantingly through the silky darkness of her gemstone. Prismatic colors danced with the flickering candles, and, in the various facets, vague images of laughter and sincerity and passion teased obscenely at the perception. I sucked in half a breath involuntarily. She was divine. Her eyes had turned husky, imploring almost, weakened by having bared this portion of her soul to me. Shakily I pulled my hand out of my pocket. I looked at her with my eyebrows scrunched up in discomfort and entreaty, begging her to be kind. Softly, gently, I placed my stone on the table. Neither bright nor dark, heavy nor light, sharp nor soft. Just a boring rock like you find in a parking lot. I sent a hopeful hint of a smile her way, but I knew exactly how this would go. "Ah." She said frostily, quickly replacing her soulstone in her purse. "I see." 