
Six years. Six years and twice as many friends. Six years and my mother and father. Six years and my son. I held the gun in my hands, tears streaming down my face. My hands shook, my whole body did. Quaking with every sob. What the hell was wrong with me? Six years, and tonight, twice as many drinks. That was what was wrong with me. But I didn't care, for the first time in two years I felt something close to *good*. I got up from my desk and looked out the wide window, down at the crisp green grass below. Today I would make things right. I'd fix the bastards who did this to me. Who took everything from me. Who took everything from all of us. The Purge they'd called it. Said it was to cull the unfit from the population. Teach people a lesson about *law*. Yeah, it taught people a lesson about law alright. Taught them that the law was their enemy. There to hurt them. There to punish them, then give somebody else the axe to take their head. Today was the Purge. It had been going on for the past six years. Once a year. Twenty four hours. But even a single day was too much. Far too much. My hand gripped the trigger and I entertained the idea of putting it in my mouth, putting an end to this misery now. But I didn't. I had a job to do. For him. For all of them. I reached for my glass of scotch and took another drink. Petty crimes were on the rise seven years ago. People didn't care anymore. They'd lost faith in government, lost faith in their leader. They walked where they pleased, littered where they felt, shoplifted whatever they *wanted* in that moment. The nation was on the verge of becoming a police state, but of course rumblings of that only served to incite the public further. And the crimes escalated. Rape. Murder. Arson. The people wanted blood, and they didn't care where they go it. So the bastards on top came up with a plan. A new law. They told the population to *relax*. To calm down. That they had a *voice*, and it was heard. That the government would be there for them. They rolled back their police state and in its place instituted this Frankenstein of a celebration. I say celebration because it's a national holiday. Like Easter. A week ago I heard John say he was looking forward to it. Time off. Time to unwind he said, smiling. I nearly choked him to death. I would have. But once, that was me. The idea was the government didn't need to police the public if it let the public handle business on its own. It took all that rage, all that pent up fury stoked for years in the furnace of a population being rapidly *enslaved* and aimed it exactly where they wanted it. Back at the American citizens. They took man and wife, and pitted them against one another. Brother and sister. Coworkers. You get the idea. It made sense, at the time. Maybe. Maybe we were all just so angry we wanted an outlet. Anything. And then two years ago it took my son. On the way to our first public address. He was afraid of the Purge, and I wanted to normalize it for him. After all, this was the world he was to grow up in. The sooner he understood the consequences, the better. And Tommy dropped his candy bar. Littered. Tommy's big, brown eyes were wide. 'Oops' he'd said. The way he had so many times before - time's when he'd spilled his apple juice, or dropped a toy. It was an accident, and it was only for a moment. But a moment was all it took. Even as Tommy reached down to correct his mistake, the crack of the rifle thundered across the crowd. And fancy that, bullets travel faster than a kid's conscience. He'd shot him, dead on the steps to the podium. I broke down. I held his bleeding, fast-dying body in my shaking hands and I cried for the first time in ten years. I screamed. I wanted to murder every fucking person there. I tried to. But I didn't. Because I couldn't. They wouldn't allow it. There were rules. Rules I used to agree with. The one who did it? I never found him. I hear a rapping at my door and lower my pistol out of sight. "Come in." I say, the words nearly as hollow as I felt. The door swings open and a smartly dressed woman with a folder enters the room. Her hair is up, neat and crisp. Her lipstick is crimson and her posture is one born of looking down on people for years. She smiles, as fake as ever as she strolls into the room. Sharon. "Good afternoon Mister President. I have the first round of data from this year's Purge if you'd like to take a look?" I don't say anything. I raise my gun. 