
The man - really more so a brick wall in a suit than man - hammered a punch into my gut. Ouch. The world went blank for a moment. There was nothing but the metallic taste of blood in my mouth and the waves of pain that wracked my body, all centered on my stomach. This went on for some unknowable length of time. Just me, pain, and blood. When the pain reduced from indescribable to "holy mother of god I'm going to die", the world came back to focus I realized my mouth was filled with carpet fabric. I tried to get up, but any movement kicked the pain up into that indescribable level again and I feel back onto the carpet. Ah, nice carpet, not punching me in the stomach carpet. "Get him up," the brick wall snarled. I felt arms wrap around both my arms and haul me up none too gently. My body very much thought this was an awful idea, an opinion it made known by firing every pain receptor in my body in overdrive. Alas, the arms did not relent. Soon I was leaning against the dry wall with the arms still pulling me up. Calling it standing would be an insult to standers everywhere. I was more like a puppet someone had vaguely propped against a wall even though it kept falling down again and again. The analogy made me chuckle. It's my gift really, finding humor in situations where I'm going to die. The Brick wall squeezed my chin and jerked my head towards him. He was so close that I could make out the red veins in the white of his eyes. "Listen to me, cuz I'm only gonna say it once" he snarled - god his breath smelled awful - "Where's the time machine." *Full stop. Let's take a step back shall we? Now, I know what you're thinking. 'Wow, you have a time machine? What did you do? Become rich? Become king? See dead relatives? Undo your wrongs? Stop wars?' Yeah...no. I made a sitcom about the future. Now, don't give me that look, alright, sheesh. Nothing wrong with a guy following his dream. Hell, I didn't even need an original concept. My concept had already happened - I just had to animate it. I thought it'd be hysterical eventually you know? So I used all the savings I'd brought with me, worked on my dream, met a girl, all that jazz. There was no reason to leave. People would point to my show and say, 'hey he called that!' and everyone else would look on in skepticism. I mean, a TV show predicting the future? Who's gonna buy that?* The government, that's who. Hence my current predicament. "I..I don't know," I coughed up some blood on the man's suit. He backed away, disgusted. "I don't know what you're talking about," I finally managed. One of the agents to the left of me laughed. Great. Glad someone was enjoying this. "Right, so your TV show is just blind luck? Predicting the rise of every major company, predicting the 2001 and 2008 crashes, predicting internet culture and fashion styles? All just luck?" The brick wall said. "Uh...yeah?" The brick wall rolled his eyes and got ready to punch me again. "No, no wait! Fine, fine! I have it with me," I was a time traveler not Jackie Chan. Pain equals bad. Stopping pain equals good. I had to give them something. "Where?" the brick wall barked. "I...I hid it," I stammered. "Well, then tell us where the hell you hid it." "It's hard to describe, look, I'll just lead you to it yeah? I'll give it to you the you let me go?" The brick wall pondered this for a moment then nodded. "Sure, you'll never here from us again." Right, that beach front property in South Dakota sounds lovely. "Well, follow me," I said, somehow managing to shuffle more so than walk towards the television. The three agents followed me, all ready to break my neck at a moment's notice. "No funny business, alright?" the brick wall said behind me. "Wouldn't dream of it." I walked up next to the sofa where the TV remote lay. "Not the time to watch television, mate," one of the the other agents said. "It's hidden behind the screen," I said, fiddling with the remote. "I just have to press the right buttons and..." I never finished the sentence, because I was gone, zipping through time, blinded my the impossible shapes and unreal shapes - the very fabric of time. You see, The remote *was* the time machine. Not the kind of move you'd expect someone who went back in time to create a sitcom to make eh? God, I wish I could've seen their faces. Come to think of it, I probably would. The agents had lost the element of surprise now after all. I had no intention of leaving my life's work behind you see. This? This was a, uh, temporary tactical retreat. *Not* running away. I was going to come back. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 