
"What... What did you do here?" There was incredulity in his voice, maybe a little bit of surprise too. His eyes surveyed every inch of the white smoke screen in front of him, magnifying any scene he wished to observe closely. "It's.. surreal," His voice was breaking. "It sounds peaceful. The silence is beautiful." I felt as if someone has spilled a steaming cup of tea inside me. It warmed my heart, stirred an inexplicable feeling of pride in my bones. To be praised by the One was something I would remember for as long as I would breathe. "I just introduced a simple principle. I call it the Repercussion Principle. All humans now feel the effect of their actions before they perform it. Consider it a slightly advanced and heightened form of empathy. If the US president wants to threaten to nuke North Korea, his mind instantly conjures the image of a North Korean nuke falling on his home city, obliterating everything he loves into a pile of radioactive rubble. Even simple actions follow this principle; when a rich person sees a homeless person on the street, they see themselves in their place- desperate, broken and struggling to scrap together the most deprived existence. Murderers and rapists see the faces of loved ones in their victims and lose thoughts of doing their gruesome acts altogether. For once, each human has learnt to heed their conscience and not their impulses." "I must commend you on your ingenuity," He said with tears in his eyes, "Most impressive. I had my reasons for not choosing what you have done. And what purpose would I serve if I am not needed by the ones I created?" "Just because the definition of God has changed, doesn't mean that we need you any less. I can tell you as a human that my belief in the idea of a super natural being outside myself has never helped me more than my own voice telling me to do things. We humans need to listen to ourselves and our own beliefs than to be swayed by those that try to convince us of theirs. You may not be worshipped anymore. You may not find temples or churches or mosques erected in your name, but they will cherish you even more. Life's most beautiful things - love, apologies, self-care are all deeply personal. Why shouldn't God be personal too?" As I spoke to Him, his eyes narrowed at the smoke screen. The point at which he was staring at suddenly enlarged to reveal a curious sight. "What is happening?" I asked, perplexed. "A purge," he said, his voice ominous. "W... What?" "Life has never been fair. Imbalance has always been a trait in everything. Why do some people live longer than others? Why do some people earn more than others? Empathy is similar too. Mistakes are essential to making us who we are. After you heightened their empathy, people who were convicted of heinous crimes, or those that lived with the horror of having committed one, pushed themselves over the edge. In your version of the world, everyone is fulfilled; the concept of self-reflection is paramount. These people looked inside themselves and saw a version of their past that their current elevated empathy finds horrifying to live with. Millions are taking their own lives." I watched horrified as people hung themselves in front of my eyes. Threw themselves out of high-rises, ingested poisons and slit their wrists. It was like watching the Apolcalypse unfold. The world was in utter disarray, and I had caused it. He kept a hand on my shoulder. "You are human too. Your empathy has risen to above ordinary as well. You feel like you want to kill yourself for what you have done. But son, being God is more difficult than anyone can handle. Empathy is developed over time, too much of good can also upset the delicate balance of the universe. And to make heroes out of the world, sometimes I have to make myself the villain. My version of the world is imperfect. It has its flaws. But the one thing I've learnt as God, is that the greatest power sometimes, is to do nothing." 