
My mother used her last breath to save my life. I owe my life not only to her, but to every citizen of the district whose being has been crushed under the boot of this wretched state and its men in red uniform. I was only six. I don't remember much but they say the Collector himself came to our house. Ours was a humble little hut at the edge of the village. They came on horses, their footsteps disturbing the quiet of the night and ruining the only peace my family had ever known. My parents sacrificed themselves so I could live. I don't know how they managed to stop the Collector and his men from taking me, people like them who come from the city in the South have no shame, no honor. They will kill anyone in their path. The Collector was responsible stealing the power for the entire district. They give it fancy words like "Management" and "Redistribution" but stealing is what it was. The power that rested among every soul from its birth, the power to become one with Cosmos itself, to call out desperately into the universe and to have it respond even if just once, was snatched away by these men in red uniform in the name of justice. Well I spit on their justice! They will have the justice of the edge of my sword buried deep into each of their souls, that's what I call justice! Every citizen of the district has had their power taken away by the state, except me. I still have the power to call to the Cosmos. What my mother started twenty years ago, I will finish tonight. For tonight I have the Collector himself in front of me and my sword will know the taste of his blood. He has lost his rank years ago, replaced by a younger and more brutal version of himself. He no longer wears his red uniform. Now he is just an old man who talks about the old days to the unwilling bartenders as if he is still living them. I have found him in his shithole no one would dare to call a house, drinking away what remains of his life one bottle a time. I let him know my business and I hear what I could have never expected. I wanted him to be afraid, to even beg for his life, for it would give me immense joy to see the pain in his eyes as my sword quenches its thirst with his blood, but instead I hear laughter. A loud and sickening bout of laughter. "Do you... really... believe that, boy?" He says between cackles. "Yes, you killed my mother. Do not deny it. It will not save your life." "Oh, I don't deny it one bit," he says with a snicker. "And you know what? I remember her. She put up a good fight. I enjoyed seeing the the life leave her eyes in the last moments, she looked pretty like that," he says with a smirk. Every fiber of my body calls me to plant my sword in his chest but I keep it steady in my hand. I want to savor the moment. "Thank you for your honesty. Tonight I will avenger her. Tonight -" "Yes, yes, go ahead. It is all but inevitable. If not you, some other orphan will find me one day but I just find it so funny." He giggles and shakes his head. "What," I say through my teeth, "do you find so funny, Collector?" "That you really believe that. And that name, too. Collector. Do you really believe I was in the business of collecting, boy?" "No, you were in the business of stealing." "Oh, call it stealing sure," he says with a chuckle. "Do you really believe I collected people's powers? Hah! You damn fool!" "Of course you did. But you could not collect mine. My mother used her power to protect me from monsters like you. And I intend to purge this district of monsters like you, town by town. This district will be free from the tyranny of the unjust State. No one's powers shall ever be stolen from them." "Well, that's a mighty speech boy. But you're dead wrong. We never collected anyone's powers, we only made them believe that we did. You see, belief... is everything. They can't use the power if they don't believe it is there. And it has worked, hasn't it?" No! Could it be? My hands shake as I realize he is right. I can feel it in my gut. I have spent my entire life searching for this man, searching for vengeance, not paying mind to the ocean of people who have had to go through this oppressive regime just like me. This goes beyond me, beyond him, beyond this district. This is about each and every soul that is deprived of their true potential. I take one hard look at the Collector, he is not all that different from me. We are both pawns in the large game of chess and the game is always rigged. I know what I have to do, and where to start. I look at him and say the last words he will ever hear: "Thank you." And I mean them. I emerge from his house and walk to the town square crowded with ordinary people. But I can see now, these are not ordinary men or women. They all have the power to call the universe, to will their will into existence, to be the master - and dare I say - god of their own fate. As blood of my sworn enemy drips from my sword, I only have one thought. A revolution is coming. 