
Eric the Weak. That's what they called me. I wasn't a coward - I was just... Well, a scrawny lad. The Obsidian War has lasted more than five years, and I've killed a single Orc in battle. A single one. Oh, I've slain countless Men - tall men, short men, evil men, good men. I've even slain women, two years ago, when we were at war with the A'Zkuh-Inda'll clans far beyond our northern border. I've spent most of my war years battling in the North and East - the Orcish kingdoms layed out West, where my brothers have fallen, one by one, over the years. I was the last one left. My father, still a strong man, a wise ruler, recalled me from the eastern marshes. "Hand-to-hand combat. You can end this war, son. You must end this war." his face glimmered under the scorching twin Suns of Alium. "Iron only." he added. See, we were a family of mages. Spellswords. Witches and sorcerers. That's how we kept hold on our lands - magic was rare and feared by all. I've never killed anyone with a sword or a spear before the Battle at Frysian Planes - I've used fire. I've vanquished my enemies by the hundreds with a single wave of my hand. I relied on my magic so much that I've forgot how to wield a sword - which is why I trembled in fear when I first saw the Orc. Green giant, bloody, missing an eye and covered with countless scars. Frysia was a hellish place, a desert of black ice littered with corpses of Orcs and Men. That's where I battled the Champion of the Tribes of Irgmoorgh, a confederation of orcish tribes numbering millions. That's where I won. I know what you must be thinking - I've used magic. I didn't. It was pure, unrelenting luck. By the Gods of Alium, it was mad, insane luck. It did not end the war, though. It raged on for at least a year, until the new treaty was signed with blood. Marriage. "You killed my brother." were the first words she ever spoke to me, while laying in bed made of dragon-bones, deep in the windy, damp halls of the Ignis-Helicon, the capital of my father's Empire. She was shorter than I am, adorned with muscles and crimson tattoos. "I forgive you." she whispered, crying. There I was. A cold-blooded killer, a demigod among Men - hugging my bride, and not having a slightest clue on how to comfort women. Most of my encounters with them were either short visits to brothels before a battle was to be fought - or in the form of screeching, hellish creatures charging at me with an axe in each hand. "It was luck. He was a better warrior than I am." I replied. "There is no such thing as luck. Only strength." she spoke, again. Weeping. "And yet... You Orcs have the concept of forgiveness. How... How can you even look at me?" I asked, moving her fiery hair from her face. I wouldn't call her ugly. I wouldn't call her beautiful either. Cute, in a strange, strange way. A kiss followed. Then another. We stopped fornicating three days later, after a continuous march that tested my stamina unlike anything ever before. Sleep and fuck, that's all we did. It was magnificent. She was magnificent. Almost elvish in appearance, save for the untamed eyebrows, warrior-like posture and vividly colored areolas, unlike any elvish women I've ever seen naget. She was gorgeous. When Ignis-O'ferion, a colossal city up north faced starvation, she spent a third of her fortune to purchase food for its denizens. Carts filled with wheat flocked into the city for months. When my mother died, she brought my father back from the dead, constantly summoning smiles to his face with her hilarious singing and bizzare jokes. When I've almost died when battling the Ash'Ilari nomads in the south, she nursed me back to health. She was the one that pulled the arrows from my thigh and my arm, and fought off dozens while dragging me to safety. When a sick, stray kitten found its way to our castle she took care of it for a full year, feeding it by hand every time, and cried herself to sleep for months after the little fur ball died. She still weeps, sometimes. Mostly, she laughs - at my stupid jokes, at her own stupid jokes. GODS! The way she cooks. Things she can do with only a few vegetables and a rabbit can make a man cry out of sheer happiness. To be honest, I wasn't that happy when she served me a cooked rat, now something we both tend to laugh about. "I'm with child." she whispered to my ear, years after our wedding night. I've casted a single spell and whispered back. "It's a boy. We'll call him Yar-Lurbuk." She smiled. *** 