
I paused my game, taking a second to scratch my nose and maybe stretch a bit. I hadn't stood up in hours now. I cleared my throat, making sure that the extended period of disuse hadn't finally robbed me of the ability to speak entirely. "Ah, thought you could sneak up on me, did you?" It was a joke that I told myself, whenever I was alone. I tossed out a quick 'I know that you can read minds, too,' for good measure. "Shit. Uh..." I did my best not to freeze up. My first thought was that if they actually could read minds, I would be found out in an instant, so there was no point in going down that route. I swiveled around slowly in my chair, steepling my fingers and crossing one leg over the other. Time to Bond Villian the shit out of it. There was a girl standing in my room, just inside of the door. The door that was still closed and locked. Hmm. She didn't look terribly threatening--more like a cat burglar, dressed in dark jeans and a black hoodie pulled up over her head. I could see that she was rocking the half-shaved head look, and she looked as surprised to see me as I should have been to see her. I raised an eyebrow. "Nobody sneaks up on me. You're not the first to have tried." Lies, spun up between when my lips started moving and when the sound came out. I was desperately trying to think of any weapons that were close at hand, in case it came to that. "I, uh, I wasn't sneaking up on you. Promise. Just passing through." She shifted to the side, pressing against the door. "Sorry. I should have known better than to come here." A moment later she began to sink into the wood, sliding through the door like it was made of fog. That was enough to get me out of my chair. I jumped up, grabbing at her arm as it disappeared, only to get a fistful of air. "Wait, hold on!" I struggled with the lock, throwing the door open to watch as she hurried down the hallway. "Come back! Who are you?" She slowed down, turning to face me from the end of the hall. It didn't look like she had any intention of moving closer. Now it was her turn to cock an eyebrow. "I'm number nine. The Hermit. You didn't know?" I shook my head, dumbfounded. "You can walk through walls?" She shrugged. "I can make things ignore me, for a while. You were supposed to be ignoring me." "I was ignoring you. I called you out by accident." Giving up the air of mystery perhaps, but I figured that it paled in comparison to what I had just seen. "That was an accident?" She widened her eyes a bit. "Hell of a coincidence. Figures, I guess." "Figures?" "You're number ten, aren't you? Wheel of Fortune?" "I have no idea what you're talking about." Her face cracked into a wide grin, and she stepped forward, closing the gap between us. "Well then, I guess that today is your lucky day." ~~~ [Part 2 can be found here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8tgr7a/wp_every_once_in_a_while_you_stop_what_youre/e18apvq) Part 3 and beyond will be posted on my user page. 