
My eleventh grade English teacher had once told me that I was sharp enough, but if I didn't put any more effort, the world was going to roll me. At the time, I had ignored him. That had been a mistake. Two years, one missed high school graduation, fifty-six yelling matches with my parents, and a hundred handles of cheap liquor later, I sat at the corner of Sherman Street and Dunhill Avenue begging for change. That first day homeless, the only person who had even given me change had been Claire, my little sister, who had snuck out of her high school to do just that. I still remembered the clack of her boots on pavement as she walked down my corner. We made eye contact. She didn't say a word. She only pulled out her purse and dumped everything into my change cup. I had cried that night hugging a plastic bottle of vodka as I curled into alley corners shivering against the autumn breeze. For nearly a year, she had come back, each time with that same leather purse. Sometimes, she even broke ritual by asking me for advice navigating high school, boys, parties, and more. I lived for these moments, when someone would look at me and not see a washed-up kid who had peaked before he had even finished high school. To Claire, I was her big brother and that was it. So I had started begging, seriously begging. I had quit drinking and crafted an art out of it. I had never put more effort into anything else in my life. No matter what, I would still be a beggar, but at least not one draining his little sister's bank account. And I had gotten good. I had regulars, called them clients, and even knew them on a first name basis. I had stopped seeing Claire, but it was alright. She had her own life to live and I had become self-sufficient. For six months, I had saved every penny, hiding wads of cash inside my tattered brown jacket. When I had hit seven-hundred and fifty-four dollars, I had walked home, whistling a tune and ready to return Claire every cent she had ever given me. That was the day I had discovered she had been in a hospital for three months already. --- I sat by Claire, staring into her colorless face and drawn-in cheeks. Her heartbeat monitor sang in a monotonous rhythm. I hated the thing, but loved its song. "Dan?" Claire muttered as her eyes fluttered open. "Claire." I forced a smile to my lips. "How're you feeling?" "Like I'm dying." I didn't laugh. "Have you talked to mom and dad?" she asked. I nodded. "They want me back home. Says I'm welcome whenever I want." "Are you doing it?" I shook my head. "I need to be out there, making more money, so we can get you out of this dump." It was her only chance--a long shot experimental trial operating at only a few hospitals whose positions had already filled. The bastards claimed she couldn't get in no matter how much I begged. They had even convinced my parents. But none of them understood that I was the best beggar this city had to offer. "How much more do you need?" she asked. "Just under a hundred for the copay. Then I'll get you into St. Joe's and into that drug trial." A grin broke her lips. "I always imagined that my knight in shiny armor would shower a bit more." This time, I chuckled with her. We talked for hours, the longest we've ever had. She told me about her friends, her school, and even her boyfriend. I didn't even know she was interested in boys yet. At last, when the sun dipped below the horizon and the sky faded into an orange cadence, she yawned and closed her eyes. "Don't worry Claire," I told her. "Don't worry about a thing." "I'm not," she muttered. "You've never let me down before." I pressed my lips together and nodded. However false that was, it would be true now. "Dan?" she said in barely a whisper. "I don't want to die." And she quieted, leaving only the sound of her breaths of the songs of her heart machine. I nodded and clenched my fists. "You won't. I promise you that." --- --- /r/jraywang for 5+ stories weekly 