
Michael rubbed his eyes and blinked. The people did not disappear from his screen. There were four of them, each standing in the open streets. It was beyond strange. Sometimes, he'd catch the glimpse of a scavenger ducking into a shadow and back underground, but that happened rarely and each time, it was only a single person. These people, standing in the middle of his screen, didn't adorn the black illuminate clothing of a scavenger nor were they hurrying back underground. They had on bright white winter coats and standard issue gas masks. He squinted at the four screens he had been given to watch. Every American citizen had been given four screens, each one connected to a spy satellite beyond the reach of the Axis, Eurasian, United Front, or Caliphate intercontinental missiles. His job, as an American citizen, was to report any enemies of the state for immediate termination and when he caught the glimpse of a scavenger, he did. Seconds later, his screen would fill with smoke and fire and he would know that he had done his duty as an American citizen. His finger hovered over his four red buttons. He had only ever pressed the button three times in the five years he had been doing this. Now, he was about to press all four at once. But he didn't. Instead, he just stared as each person stood in the open view of ten thousand spy satellites controlled by every world power. No missile came, which meant that nobody else had pressed their buttons yet. His fingers twitched over one of them. Half a pound of pressure was all it would take to end whatever this was. And somehow, that had become too heavy for him. The people on screen shed their outer jackets and took off their gas masks in unison. Michael's breath caught. For a second, he thought that it was a malfunction, that his spy cameras were all pointed at the same street, at the same person. But each background was different. The broken rubble of humanity's tallest skyscrapers laid in different heaps. The cracked glass of the world's greatest architectural feats lay scattered in different patterns. The wire steel of history's greatest artworks bent and snapped in different rusted colors. The satellites worked fine. These people had coordinated their movements down to the millisecond. They started dancing. Michael froze. His heart beat to the drum of their feet, his eyes followed the flow of their steps, and he heard music. There was no audio feed, but there was definitely music. Before he knew it, his fingers had left the red buttons. Tears had filled his eyes, drowning his world in floodwater. He couldn't see, but he knew, that all across the world, ten thousand people were crying with him. He knew because nobody had pressed their buttons yet. Nobody could. The four people spun and swayed, skipped and jumped, flowed and twirled, until they all stopped completely. They looked up, directly toward the thousands of spy satellites trained on their heads, the tens of thousands of executioners watching with bated breaths. And they bowed. Fire exploded in all four screens. Smoke filled the streets. Someone had pressed their button. Michael watched, tears pouring down his chin. He coughed out staccato breaths as he hugged himself, staring into the smoke. It wasn't like he knew any of them. They were enemies of the state which meant that none of them deserved to live. Yet, he couldn't stop crying. His lungs refused normal breaths, leaving him gasping for air. He looked down at his buttons and for the first time in his life, felt disgust. --- --- /r/jraywang for 200+ stories. 