
*I was always relieved to see the light return when my visor was wiped roughly by an invisible aid. My head piece was peeled off slowly and I squinted my eyes as they adjusted to the pure bright light of the Arizona sun. I ripped the mouth piece out and spluttered a charming trail of spit behind it. Every single time I said this would be my last time, yet then the pay check popped up in my banking app and all was right again. When it came time for me to crawl into bed I was preparing 5 alarms and mentally preparing for the next ordeal of a day that came with the morning.* *I looked down at the slushy 'Aero Bar' textured dark brown lake of liquid that stretched on for about a mile. Make that a square mile. I'd made the mistake too many times of eagerly pulling out the plugs in my nostrils that kept me from passing out from the smell of the putrid air. Had to wait until I was back inside the purified chemical smelling laboratory styled office.* Have you ever heard of a sh*t field? You probably have, it's been in the news a lot lately. All the sewage from the surrounding States ends up here in this beautiful place to be treated before it's pumped back through our water taps or flushed back into our seas and rivers. Lovely right? Well this human excretion cocktail is treated and mixed until it ends up resembling the title that it's been so fittingly given. A sh*t field. So what's my part in this luxurious setting you enthusiastically ask yourself, wanting to know more about my mystical profession. Well in the main lake, (we call it the seven seas of secretion) you can witness a crossroads where the liquid is still the brown bast*rd mess that we associate it with but has been treated enough that it is a penetrable pearly pudding. Sometimes the equipment and machinery on the floor or walls of this man-made specimen breaks down and needs repairs. The cheapest and most cost-effective solution to fix these inconveniences is, yes you guessed it, to send a person down there who knows what they're doing. I have a Phd in aeronautical engineering and I spend my days swimming, or more like wading around at the depths of the literal sh*t lake. For reasons that are still relatively misunderstood, our economy was given its biggest shake up in its history 5 years ago. The jobs at the bottom of the rung, that no one on this Earth wanted to do, were given the highest wages and those of great desire got the opposite treatment. The rough, bizarre idea was that people would continue doing the desirable jobs for the love of it and the rest would be drawn to the dreadful but bountifully paid disgusting or tedious careers. Some sort of egalitarian wealth redistribution experiment. I was an astronaut, a real one up in space and overnight my wages were cut by 75%. I quit immediately out of complete confusion and frustration yet had to hang around in the International Space Station for over a month waiting for a ride home. This next part sounds truly crazy, even to myself and I lived it. When you're trapped up in that floating metal 'Pringles' can with no grounding sensation of being on your planet, reinforced by the fact that you have nothing to occupy yourself with since I quit my job dramatically, a person can really go insane. Like endless days of staring into the actual void of space contemplating all of life's decisions and dwelling furiously on the system that had screwed you over. Long story short I performed, I guess you could call it a dirty protest of sorts. In the International space station. Up in space, in the International Space Station, I performed a dirty protest. Correct. Hilarious to some, blasphemous to others. To me? Kind of a mixture of both. When I returned home and heard through a friend that the sh*t swimming business was booming (highest paid job on the whole planet), I sold out. I'm partially ashamed to admit it. I'm still an engineer of sorts, just a pretty sh*tty one. 