
"I assure you, all the specified conditions are met." The administrator's face shows unassailable confidence. But I will break that bulwark. I begin the attack with my most rakish grin. In case reserves are necessary, I twiddle an imaginary mustache between finger and thumb. That is merely a feint, for this is a serious matter. "Old boy." I am smiling like an asshole. "That cannot be so." "It is so." The man has doubled down. He has a stout heart. I cross my legs, reach over into my cold storage box and pull out the only things inside: a pair of horn-rimmed spectacles (from my first life), my copy of the storage contract (still crisp), a just made martini (relatively, not chronologically), to be sipped straight from the shaker (drinks this cold should be criminal.) I begin reading through my itemized cryogenic release conditions. I paid a heavy nickel for each of these items. And if one of them*--any single one of them--*is unmet at the time of my thawing (ironically, that is irreversible)-- --then I will get **one--** *fat* insurance # check. So pay attention carefully. I know I did. "A state of constant war?" He nods. "Check." That was easy. "Irreversible damage to the climate." "Yes." But he didn't wait for the conditional: *"Human-caused* climate damage, my boy." "That's right." I raise an eyebrow. "The United States are no longer the world's sole superpower." "Check." Unsettling, that. "A global pandemic--?" I begin. "Check." I waggle my finger with my best '*not finished'* glare. "From a man eating a *bat."* The man looks at me. *"No."* I grimace. "Don't tell me... How is that--? "People eat bats," he says. "It's a thing." I narrow my eyes. "The economy has fallen apart?" "More or less." I'm sweating. "Wait, another addendum: a madman rules the United States." The man shrugs. "Debatable, but--." I've caught him! *"I want my check!"* But after he shows me the buffoon's interviews, I concede the point. We return to the list. Point by point, he checks them off. I don't finish my martini; my stomach has dropped. It's more than just cryogenic sickness. For not only will I *not* collect my big-fat-check for a false awakening, but... "I'll have to stay, won't I?" This is not a question. It's a defeat. For the first time, the man's eyes soften. He sees what I've done in its foolish fullness; this mad endeavor of mine. To collect a ridiculous sum for free; to live large in an age of progress. But the world has become pure hell, just as I thought would never happen. I am utterly alone, bereft of wealth and family. The man seeks to console me. He reaches out, eyes sparkling, as if to grip my shoulder. To reassure me. I'm relieved to think companionship hasn't died in this age of torments. But he's standing six feet away; his arm falls to his side. "If I get sick, I'll go bankrupt." 