
Leadership is accepting failure, then telling your men that they're going to pick themselves up off the floor and try again. I've led battles, fighting on the frontlines myself, for nearly two thousand sun-cycles--by Earth standards--at this point. Failures were few and far inbetween, but when they came, it was not a solar storm that destroyed all in its path; failure is an asteroid belt that can be dodged through by a skillful pilot. We are conquerors. The universe has slowly felt the creeping hand of our oppression across the millennia, tendrils of dread that latch onto hope and crush it. Peaceful worlds fell first, and we smashed them despite a lack of resistance. Centauri, Nebrut; scholarly societies with weak beings of book and glass. No one will be allowed the room to question our might or ponder alternatives. And so it came down to the last peaceful society on our mappings: a comfortable planet of blue and brown, with a wispy white atmosphere. It had, at one point, shown signs of extreme turmoil, but reports show the life is grounded and likely had beat itself into impotence. Children with weapons, the Imperial scholars told me. On that point, I can partially agree. The human race is a species of children that die out after a century, sometimes before. They have no time to develop any true intelligence or experience like those of ours. But children wail. They cower, and whimper, and run from greater threats. Children cannot assemble themselves into a collective entity by retaining and expanding a combined knowledge that feigns the experience of age. Children do not break my people. They are something else, an intense, short-lived fury that releases unimaginable power in tight bursts, a reaction like nuclear fission. Scholars that put their learning and books toward the centralized intelligence of their beings and test the limits of destruction. They nearly annihilated themselves, and what was birthed from the aftermath is a hidden wrath no planet in the Solar Empire has known. I fear we may not have known true failure, previously, for utter defeat leaves a leader unable to recover. You can't reform when there's nothing left. We can only take solace in the fact that they cannot chase us. If ever they take to the heavens, in search of vengeance... *we* may become the children, whimpering and cowering. I never stopped to think that even a monster may look peaceful, in slumber. */r/resonatingfury* 