
"I don't understand Michelle, why is he so great?" As the newest hire at the Make a Wish foundation, I could not wrap my head around why such an odd man was head of such a prestigious charity. Michelle has always been an inspiration to me, she started her own charity for at-risk kids when she was just 20. It grew to be one of the most successful charities in the world and she was even nominated for a Nobel peace prize. I couldn't understand why someone like her, admired someone as strange as Mr. Adalamp. "Oh hush now Dave, there's no need to talk like that. You know it's not good to be jealous." "I'm not jealous of him, I just want to know what's so great about him. He's always singing while I'm trying to book flights to Disney land. I can't get any work done when he's around. and he goes around the kids doing that silly Auntie character Robin Williams played. " "It's spot on! The kids think it's funny." "The kids don't even know who Miss Doubtfire is! They just laugh because he makes that really weird face." "Oh Dave, I think it's quite good. You seem bothered about something, what is this really about?" I looked around to make sure no one was listening in and lowered my voice to a whisper "Do you know that account 3A has 4 million dollars missing? I reported it to Mr. Adalamp but he told me that it's all accounted for and that it was just a small clerical error. I checked the other accounts and there's a lot of money missing from each one. I know for a fact, that someone as smart as you, wouldn't miss these so-called errors." I took out the documents to be able to show her what I was talking about. "He's been skimming off the top. Every year since he's been the CEO. Probably 30 million stolen at this point." I waited for a reaction from Michelle. She took the papers but made no attempt to read the accounts I had just handed her. "You won't tell anyone about this, understand?" Michelle said firmly. I shook my head "What? What do you mean? There's no way we can let him get away with something like this....." Then it dawned on me. "You know, don't you?" She ripped up the account papers. "Of course I know." She snapped, still in a hushed tone. She looked at me very seriously. "You haven't been here long enough Dave. You don't know what the foundation is really like." I was stunned, what could make someone as pure as Michelle turn over to the dark side? "What do you mean? Make a Wish foundation is one of the most trustworthy foundations in the world!" She shushed me before speaking and spoke in a very angry but whispered voice "Yes, this charity is not known for skimming off the top but have you ever considered how the money we raise is spent? Did you know that 60% of our annual budget is spent solely on Disneyland experiences? How many kids really need to go to Disney Land? We pressure kids to go because Disney is one of our largest donors. Do you know how cruel it is to send a Paraplegic to Disney? He can't go on any of the rides or eat any of the food, all he can do is take photos with Mickey mouse for our Fucking Press corps." I flinched a little, I had never heard Michelle swear before. She continued on " Mr. Adalamp is giving kids real wishes, ones that will help them in the long term. He helped get Danny's mom her job back at Ford. He got Jenny's brother on our health insurance, to make sure he could afford insulin for the rest of his life. And Michael...." She paused not sure if she should go on. "Michael wanted to go to Spain right? I planned that trip myself!" I asked in a panicked. "Micheal wanted his dad gone." She said finally. "What?! Why?" "He was an abusive alcoholic that beat his wife. Michael didn't want his mom to suffer anymore so he asked Mr. Adalamp to make sure that his mom was never hurt again." Suddenly a memory came back to me. I remembered booking 3 tickets to Spain for Michael but only booking 2 tickets back. I was too afraid to ask. Michelle stared at me fiercely "The Make a Wish Foundation grants wishes that adults THINK kids want. Mr. Adalamp grants the wishes that they NEED. He does it all by himself and if anyone found out, he'd go to jail for the rest of his life. So when he does his Robin Williams impressions, you better smile and laugh like the rest of us." 