
I almost dropped the milk when I saw the severed hand wearing a Rolex watch. I caught it, thankfully - the milk, I mean - and cautiously poured some into the waiting bowl. The cereal would come next, like a true heathen. "Honey," I yelled to wherever my wife might be. No answer. "Honey, is this your Rolex by the sink?" Maggie walked into the kitchen a moment later, distracted with answering some text. "Rolex? No? I don't have a Rolex." She didn't glance up. "Oh. Well there's one by the sink." Cheerios, meet milk. Milk, meet Cheerios. First name Honey Nut. Last name Cheerios. Perfect combo, you'll get along great. In my belly. She glanced up now and her phone smashed into the floor. "What the fuck?! Is that a hand?" I nodded and ate a spoonful of cereal. "Yeah," I mumbled with a full mouth. "But I know that's not yours. I was asking about the Rolex." "I don't give a shit about the Rolex. Why is there a hand on my countertop?" Oh *her* countertop, as if we didn't both work to pay rent. Wrong time to bring that up probably. I shrugged. "That was my question. Kinda." She approached it. Brave woman. Another reason why I married her. She was the bug-killer in these parts. She was the one to touch the severed hands, apparently. Love lasts a lifetime if you keep discovering new things about your spouse. Finding random severed hands helps with that discovery process. "It has a wad of money." This caused me to set down the bowl. "No shit? Really? How much?" She shot me a nasty glare. "Really? How much? You're not wondering whose hand it is or anything?" I shrugged again. "It's a left hand so I'm sure they're alright." Ignored. Such a lack of appreciation. It's okay, I made myself laugh. "Mommy, daddy!" Sarah ran into the kitchen blanket in tow before Maggie could give a retort. "Did you get Leo's payment?" My wife scooted to block Sarah's view of the hand. "Payment? What?" Maggie was baffled. I was no longer baffled. I stuffed another spoonful of cereal into my mouth and began the awkward shuffle out of the kitchen. Time to make my unceremonious escape. "Uh uh," Maggie snapped, pointing at me. "You know what's up here. Explain." I turned to Sarah. "Sarah, is this because I asked your friends to help with rent if they were sleeping over?" "Yes! Aren't they nice?" Sarah busied herself with eating Cheerios straight from the box and Maggie took a moment to pull the money out from the hand. We moved our conversation into that other dimension, the one that happens with looks and head movements and eyebrows instead of words. I capped it off with a shrug and she rolled her eyes. I put a hand out and she tossed the wad of money. One month, two months, three months. This was probably enough for half the year if we sold the Rolex. "Yeah, they're really nice. Thanks for passing along the message. This is enough to cover the month." Maggie trapped me in the corner before I could make my escape. Sarah was off playing with some toys. With her friends, of course, who she was excitedly telling they could keep sleeping here. I double-checked to make sure I couldn't see them and felt like an idiot when I saw her alone at her tea-table. Of course she was alone. There was no mafia boss named Leo hanging out with my daughter. "You're extorting our daughter." "Easy there, Mags." I put up my hands defensively. "I'm not extorting anybody. I'm charging rent. We have renters." "They're imaginary." Shrug. "They might be. But that hand is definitely not. Same with the money. If cleaning up a hand each month is what it takes to get this," I waved around the wad of money, "I'm down." She glowered at me. She knew I was right. As always, but I didn't say that. She finally nodded. "Fine. But you clean up the hands." I bit my lip, running scenarios through my head. I wasn't good with blood, but I really liked money. I wasn't good with severed hands, but that Rolex was really nice. "Fine." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 