
"Urtara, neit ney reumium." The creature growled at me, it seemed a sort of stocky boar man, with blueish fur and tusks, though its face was flat rather than having a snout, it was easily large as a man but seemed to have paws like a bear.. Needless to say I was utterly confused, I had only laid down for a nap after lunch. Perhaps I was dreaming. "Reumiuem, tu ace une annana!" Louder this time while jabbing me in the side with the dull end of its spear. I responded " I dont know what your saying man-bear-pig, I dont speak your launguage. But poke me again and see what happens." The creature stumbled backwards "la sangre! La sangre!" It cried out as it attempted to crawl away from me. The fear in its eyes was palpable. "Oh dont be scared. I didn't mean to hurt you." At my words it seemed to calm instantly, it stopped crawling away but instead began kissing the ground at my feat. "Stop that, get up!" Abruptly as if by some unseen hand it was yanked from the ground and held in the air about a foot above my reach. The fear was back. "What the hell is going on here!" I shouted, "look man-bear-pig I dont know what kinda fucking game your playing but you better still the beans right fucking now-" My train of thought was broken as it opened its mouth and Lima beans began to pour in mass on the ground. I jumped back to avoid them, at first I thought it was vomiting but they just kept coming. Far to many for this creature to have eaten, and they were all fully formed. Not masticated at all. Suddenly it hit me, this creature was magic and was fucking with me! "Stop that!" I shouted. "Explain everything so I can understand it please!" The creature began to speak but the movement of its mouth didn't match the words it was saying. "You're a sage, you speak the sages words, you speak life or death, please dont kill me." "Wait, are you saying I'm magic? Your not just being a dick and fucking with me because its funny?" "You're a sage, you speak the power." It responded its voice quivering. "Well then land softly on the ground." The creature drifted to the ground slowly until its feet were firmly planted. "I now understand your launguage!" I said boldly, I'm not quite sure how this works but it can't hurt to try. "Me yamada el gato conquistador!" It responded in a calm growl. Well fuck, that didn't work. Then it hit me like a train. "Most beautiful woman in the world appear before me." I had hardly finished with the words before another man-bear-pig appeared before me. The one I had been working with held up its spear and growled at it. I looked from the one I knew to the new one, i honestly couldn't tell the difference if they weren't standing in different places. "Most beautiful man in the world stand before me?" I said looking at the man bear pig I knew, the one I had conjured vanished and a brightly colored one appeared in its place. It didn't have any tusks but instead soft lips, and fluffy fur. I kinda wanted to pet it. The creature I knew lowered its spear and waved two fingers at the male. "Heeyyy" she said. "Well apparently I'm sexist," I said half to myself but half to my distracted companion. "But I honestly thought it would conjure a human woman, I guess I need to be more speaific?" My companion just shrugged and walked over to the male. "Allright let's try this again, Kate beckinsale appear before me!" She materialized out of thin air and immediately began to scream. "Wait, calm down!" She suddenly stopped screaming and seemed at ease and confused. "I'm really sorry about this but I'm conjured you in a place where apparently I'm magic." She opened her mouth to speak but I cut her off quickly. "I don't know how the magic works, and I brought you because you were in that movie with Simon pegg where he suddenly has super magic powers and i thought maybe you would have some kind of experience with this sort of thing." I said nervously. "Are you fucking dense? That was a movie, send me back now!" I said the word before I could think of it, without even my control. "Be home." And she was gone. "Oh so that's how it works. This is gonna be weird." I thought as I looked at the man-bear-pigs in the distance, the one I knew was on top of the Male. What are they doing I wondered, she seemed to be Girardi "oh that's what there doing." 