
"Wait until they get that specialist down here. The whole place is contaminated," Garth said, as he was putting up the warning signs and taping off the area. He wore the required safety equipment on all his 8 tentacles, and he moved with a brisk efficiency. "What do you mean? What happened?" asked Thrace. He was careful to not come any closer. His more leggy near mammalian form looked ready to spring backwards. His elongated ears popped up in alarm. "There is a biocontaminant in the science lab. It would be too hazardous for anyone to go in, but they just hired on a specialist that is especially immune to most biocontaminants," Garth explained. "Like a hazmat specialist?" Thrace asked. "No. Like a human. You'll see, she's on her way down now," Garth said with a snort. True to his word, there was the sound of something coming down the hall. Step, step, thud. Step, Step, thud. Slowly, an elderly human woman came into view. Thrace's ears swiveled in her direction, and he looked incredulously back at Garth and hissed, "That human is ancient!" Garth tried to organize his tentacles in a gesture Thrace would understand to silence him, but it was too late. "I may be ancient, but my hearings still good," she said with a laugh as she slowly moved down the hallway. She took two steps in her comfortable shoes, then moved her walker forward with a soft thud, then took two more steps. Garth waved a tentacle and said, "We have detected high levels of salmonella contamination in the lab. We think it's localized to one of the benches, Deb." "Alright, alright," the elderly woman said. "How are you sending an elderly being in there with those levels of contamination?" Thrace said, almost shaking with concern. "Oh, don't worry about me, honey," Deb said. She patted the tall slender creature as she walked by. "I took this job for the benefits. I get paid very well to live here on the station, and every once in a while when the scientists leave something out, I go and put it away." Deb made her way past Garth, who curiously held the door for her, as she slowly made her way into the science lab. Inside, the elderly woman could see exactly what was tripping the sensors. An earth chicken was set out for study, and had been left out on the counter for some reason. Deb reached down into her walker bag, and pulled out a bright neon green hazmat containment bag, and deftly put the small tray inside it, sealing the bag. She then pulled out a sensor and looked to see if that took care of it. It tweeted an all clear. "Welp, that takes care of that. It's all sealed here for disposal. I'm gonna head back to my apartment and watch my shows," she said. She waved the sensor over the newly sealed dead chicken to ensure it was safe for Garth, and she slowly made her way back out. Garth came in with his own sensor device, and waved his tentacles in happiness, "Thanks Deb. We really appreciate it!" After the elderly human had made her way out, Thrace poked his head in, "I don't understand. You paid that human to just put something in a bag?" "Yes. She's worth ten times her salary. Without her, we'd have to shut down the lab, get a fully suited up decontamination team in, and if any of us hadn't been suited up, that would probably had killed us," Garth said emphatically. "She's old, but nice. She makes us cookies. She also is practically unkillable. Human immune systems are amazing, and the older they are, the more they've been exposed to. That means she's even more immune, I guess. I'm not a scientist," Garth explained. Thrace just turned to look down the hall to watch the elderly human go, "I guess they just don't look that unkillable." 