
I was in an brightly-lit room. At the other side of the table sat a woman, staring at me with dispassionate eyes. "Where are we?" I asked her. "I don't know," she said. "Are you here to monitor me?" I asked her. "I don't know," she said without skipping a beat, "Are you?" "Could you stop staring at me? Your fishy gaze is downright disgusting." "I could," she said as she kept staring at me. She was wearing the same kind of gray generic clothes as they had given me. There was nothing else in this room, not even a door or a security camera. Most likely, she had no idea what was going on either. Probably useless. "What are we doing here?" she asked after a while. She still hadn't blinked. There was something odd about this woman. "I don't know, does it matter?" She thought about that for a while. "I guess not." Given our predicament, she seemed awfully calm. I obviously wasn't intimidated by any of this, but she didn't seem concerned about me or this weird room either. Neither of us was restrained, I could be done with her in a few seconds if I felt like it. A few seconds of pressure at the right spots and her brain would stop functioning for good. Ending a life was easy. "I can think of a dozen ways to kill you," she suddenly said. It sounded more like she stated a fact than like any kind of threat. I could not help but smile. "Me too," I replied. And I could. "But isn't it wrong to take a life?" she asked while she *finally* blinked, a few times in rapid succession. "Is it really?" I said. "What part of it, exactly? A human life doesn't mean anything. We're just biological engines meant to reproduce and die off. Anything else we do in between is inconsequential in the long run." "I agree," she said. "So doing whatever you want to do seems the most logical way to live your life. If life doesn't matter anyway you might as well do with it what you will." A thin smile had crept up at the side of her lip at that last sentence. Either this woman was my long lost twin sister, or she was just saying whatever I wanted to hear. Either way, I was done with her. Nothing to be gained from this kind of woman. She stood up. "Thanks, this has been very informative," she said, as she started to walk towards me. I tried to stand up as well but my legs wouldn't move. "You can turn yourself off now," she said. 