
"Look! I told you! The red and black flag!" Jim jumped forward, but before he could leap from behind the rock and into the clear, Ed pulled him back by the shirt. "Stay put! We don't know what's out there!" "But it's them. It's the resistance!" "We don't know that." Around them, the scenery was barren and lifeless. Going by the scattered half-buildings and the cracked, rotten highways snaking up on both sides like dorsal spines of some ancient beast, Ed guessed they were at the outskirts of San Francisco. It was hard to tell, though. The Invaders lived up above the clouds, so they had very little restraint about bombing the whole planet to help with their genocidal project. Now everywhere pretty much looked the same -- especially at night. "I'm telling you Ed, that building is where the resistance is!" Jim argued, peeking over at the seemingly-abandoned building fronted by the mythical red and black flag. "The whole point of us leaving home was so we could try to find them, so what are we waiting for!?" Ed looked. It really looked like the flag people described. But was the resistance real? Could they really offer protection? Were they really fighting the invaders, like people talked about in hushed whispers - when there were people to talk? Ed only had Jim in the world, and Jim only had him. They had to be careful. "You think *he* is there?" Jim asked. "You know... the grandson of the -" "I know who you're talking about," Ed said. "Keep your voice down. And I don't know. As far as I know he doesn't even exist." If the resistance had the airs of an urban legend, its leader was almost a myth - with the stories of his superhuman skills with explosives and vehicle and machine crafting and - "What was his name? The leader?" Jim hushed. "I forgot... it was -" "Savage." The voice came from behind them in a grim, low screech, like metal against metal. "The third." They turned to find a man of light red hair standing shirtless between them, thick-framed glasses around his eyes and two sticks of dynamite tucked on the rim of his ripped jeans like pistols. "Oh, shit," Ed said. "He's real." &nbsp; Inside the building, Savage told them to wait while he arranged some things. "We're planning a sneak attack against the Invaders," he said, as he put together two backpacks filled with guns, ammo and knives. Ed wondered vaguely if they were for him and Jim. "And we can always use more manpower. Unless you're siding with the aliens." He paused and turned. After a moment, Ed shook his head. "No, sir. We wanna help." Jim agreed in silence. "Good. Then you got yourselves a first mission." He walked toward the boys, but did not give them the backpacks. "We need a certain kind of explosive to make our way through the Invaders' external walls. Ironically, it's nothing high tech, but old technology. A certain chemical that was found in World War I grenades. We've been delaying this attack for months because we couldn't find it anywhere. But now... we know who has it." Ed and Jim waited. "Here." He gave the boys the two backpacks. "When he arrives, you two offer them the backpacks as payment. And pray he takes it." Ed and Jim took the backpacks, unsure. "Wait... who is this guy? Should we be scared?" "He's a trader. Famous in the underworld. He's not dangerous but he... well, let's say bargaining runs in his family." Just as Savage finished the words, a loud bang brought Ed and Jim's eyes to the sliding metal doors behind them. Savage walked past the fire-lit cans and the other members towards the door, then stopped. "You go outside," he told the boys. "And pray he's more merciful with kids." The doors rolled open as Savage pulled the chain, and then, with a nudge, he guided the two boys outside. "Good luck," he said, then went back inside and the metal door shut behind Ed and Jim. For a second, no one showed up. Ed began to wonder if maybe the knocking hadn't been an animal, or worse... an invader. But just then a figure emerged from the sandy fog in the darkness of the desert ahead of them. He wasn't talk. He was completely bald, a bit fat, and he wore a short-sleeved black shirt and had a big smile across his face. The man stopped in front of them. He took the backpacks without a word, still smiling. He analyzed their contents. Only then did Ed see the name on his army dog tag: "R. Harrison The Third - Las Vegas, Nevada" Rick Harrison looked up, locked eyes on Ed and Jim and remained quiet for a long time. Behind him, an old man and a fat dude emerged from the fog, waiting, arms crossed. Finally, Rick said, "Best I can do is fifty bucks and a Barnes and Noble certificate." They were doomed. ______ /r/psycho_alpaca 