
I try to open my eyes, but they won't spread much wider than a squint. There's a fuzzy red light above me. "When are you from?" demands a gruff voice. An unintelligible mumble rolls out of my mouth. A moment later, a palm with the texture of sandpaper collides with my face. I feel warm liquid dribbling down my ear. I try to move, but my arms and legs are strapped tightly to the chair. "I don't underst-" I begin, with great effort. The hand screams at me again, and my face is thrown sideways. "*When, are, you, from?*" the voice repeats, this time in a slow, staccato rhythm. "*When?*" "**When.**" "I was born in 1988, Californi-" --- "Welcome back," says the voice. This time, I can only pry one eye open. "Why are you doing this?" I beg. My voice shreds my throat as I speak, as if the words are shards of glass. "You won the lottery, Mr Brown. Do you remember?" The memory of the previous day begins to drift back into focus. The elation, the celebration... the knock on the door. "Is that a crime?" "Did you know, Mr Brown, that we changed the lottery system this week?" I attempt to shrug. "We've suspected you people for a *long, long time* - but now we have proof." "*Proof?*" "Proof." He points towards me and grins. "This week, when anyone asked for random numbers on a lottery ticket, they were guaranteed *not* to be the winning numbers." "*What?*" "Did you also know, we were able to see exactly what numbers had been bought by ticket holders who had selected their *own* numbers." "I don't understand..." I whisper. "Before we drew the lottery numbers, we knew *all the ticket numbers*, that had been chosen by Joe Public. We didn't draw any of those combinations." "So... you mean, no one could win?" "Precisely." He begins to circle the chair I'm sitting on, as if he's a shark and I'm a crippled swimmer. There's blood in the sea, and he's getting hungry. "And yet... people do win," he continues. "*You* won." "I did... but how could I win if..." "You had precognitive knowledge, it seems. You knew which numbers we were going to draw." "That doesn't make sense... you would still know which tickets had been bought, and those tickets wouldn't be able to win. Right?" "Doesn't work like that. You see, you're from the future, aren't you Mr Brown?" "*What?*" I say, starting to laugh. "You came back here *with* a winning ticket. I don't know where you got it from - but we know you that's what you did." "So... you think I'm a *time traveller?*" I continue to laugh; the laugh turns to a cough, and blood drips out of my mouth. "We only realised what lottery winners were doing *very* recently. How easy it would be, to come back a few years and make yourself an incredible fortune. We're a new organisation, you see. You're the first we've caught in the act." "If I'm from the future," I begin, trying desperately to clear my foggy mind, "wouldn't I *know* that I'm going to get caught, and *not* come here?" "We've - *this* - changed the future," he says, bearing his teeth and grinning like an animal. "You didn't know you were going to be caught, when you left." "But... what about my house here? My parents? My life?" "They're not yours. I don't know what you did with the real Richard Brown, but you're not him - you're just living his life, pretending that you're him." "You're wrong." "So sue me," he says, his grin widening. Another man enters the rooms. He walks over to the muscular man who has been *questioning* me. They talk to each other in hushed whispers for sometime, before the large man, yells "*Bullshit!*" and storms out of the room. The new man approaches me and begins undoing my straps. "I'm very sorry about all this, Mr Brown. It looks like there was a *tiny* glitch with our system." "What?" "We thought that nobody could win the lottery this week - except for time-travellers. We thought we'd successfully rigged it, you see." The man's face is flushed in embarrassment. "But uh, it appears we made a mistake. A very slight programming error." "I don't believe it..." "Again, I'm very, very sorry. I'll just need you to sign a few documents, and then you're free to leave." --- "Hey honey, it's me," I say into my phone, as I open my car door. "Can you hear me?" "Thank God! Are you okay?" Her voice crackles with static. "Yeah. I'm okay. I just - ran into some unforeseen difficulties." "I know you told me to wait here, but when you didn't answer..." "Thanks, baby. I owe you." 