
I can't forget that night. That night when the full moon hid behind a dark cloud. That empty, silent night filled with heavy rains and the tossing waves of the bay, churned beyond reason. That night when that cloaked stranger stepped into my tavern, face hidden by a bamboo hat. It was late then. The rains that had approached with the coming of the seasonal storms were unusually strong this year, deterring most of the usual tourists and I was closing up for the night besides. But I saw a shadow by the door and the glow of a lantern. There was a knock. I wiped my hands down and made for the doorway. "Excuse me, I'm looking for a room." It took me a second to register he'd spoken. He looked normal enough for a traveller, ragged cloak and unkempt hair. There was a sword at his side but that was not unusual too- the roads were dangerous after all, full of bandits and wild animals. No, it was that gentle smile on his face. It looked vaguely familiar, I thought I'd seen it somewhere before. "Come on in, I have a room or two to spare." I said nonetheless. I wasn't going to leave someone braving the vicious storm outside if I could help it. Besides, the bag of coins he'd jingled when he spoke told of some substantial wealth. "Something to eat and drink too perhaps. It's a cold night out there." "Ah, thank you." He was soft spoken. He walked with a tall, elegant gait, not at all like the travellers I usually met. I served a bowl of hot wine across a counter and asked, "It can't have been easy getting to Juha. The summer storms are coming in very strong this year." "It was a little uncomfortable. I've been walking for days." he replied easily enough. "Days? Gods, I can't imagine travelling in this rain." I raised a brow, "That's rough." "Perhaps," he made a mirthful sound. He paused briefly to drink the warm stew I had laid out for him, "It couldn't be helped. There is something pressing I need to do in this town." I shrugged, "Well, I don't know. Juha's a pretty quiet place, even for a bay town. I guess the only thing's that happened recently is the Leviathan corpse they're trying to haul into the bay." I even laughed then, "You needn't have hurried for that. The Knight and his troops have been waiting for days too- it's too difficult to move something that big into the bay with the winds as they are. They're trying to arrange transporters from the Capital." "So, the Leviathan is dead already." I didn't notice his tone. I should have. "Well, yeah. Sir Calstrum had to battle it out at sea for a day or so but he's a tough one. All the Queen's Knights are, I suppose. It didn't take him that long to take down a Titan, even one as famous as Leviathan." He looked up. I found myself startled by the intensity of his gaze. "You should get out of town while you have the chance." he said, setting down the bowl of wine I'd offered him. He hadn't touched it and the wine had grown cold since. "What-" I startled as he headed for the doors again. "Wait a minute-" He stood by the main doors, turning back briefly, "Did you know...people once believed that the Titans were guardian spirits? Controlling the fury of the Earth so that living things might exist. With Leviathan slain..." I stared at him as he opened the doors. The noise of the rain roared in. He loomed within the dim light of the lantern, even as he turned away. He looked like a ghost. He was a ghost I suppose, one that I recognized in that brief moment that he'd stopped smiling. "You're-" *Radigraz Strum, the last King's Knight, once advisor to the throne. Murderer, rebel, kinslayer.* "-just passing through." he said, bowing his head slightly, "Thank you for the meal." He stepped away, fading into the dark, empty night. 