
I lowered my signature tin helmet onto my head, and opened my apartment window. It was time. Staggering out through the window and onto the fire escape, I tightened my leather boots and ran up, following the sound of flowing water. I reach the top, catching my breath. In front of me lay a woman, around twenty, laying on the ground. Water poured from her pale skin as she stared at me. "What do you want?" She managed to choke. Her hands raised shakily. I smiled. "Don't want you causing any damage. That's all." I slowly walked towards her. Her eyes widened. "W-Wait, I know you.." she lowered her hands and tried dragging herself away from me. Her hands however were slipping across the floor, making her unable to escape my grasp. I lowered and grabbed her by the collar, raising her from the floor. Her eyes rolled back in her head, and she smiled. "What..?" I let her go, she stood quickly and raised her hands. Boiling hot water shot from her palms, shooting straight towards me. I raised my hand, and as the water hit it evaporated. She lowered her hands. "Shooting water that measures at around 300degC should be impossible in itself. But your powers also allow you to manipulate laws of chemistry, allowing the water to stay intact. Interesting." She let a proud smile creep through her surprised expression. However, after our physical contact, these powers have now disappeared. The woman smiled widely, and stepped backwards towards the edge of the roof. "Stop!" A feeling of dread shot through me. I ran towards her. She saluted, and tilted backwards, falling fifty feet to the ground. Before I could grasp what just happened, an electrical wire fired and wrapped around me, stunning me. I fell, hitting my head. I heard the sound of hard wooden shoes walking towards me. Looking up, I see a smiling man, with circular glasses and a pointy beard. "Hello there, Graham." I stare in shock. "No need to speak. I'm only here to talk." He walks in a slow circle. "I thought I'd better test you before giving a deduction, so sorry about that little... Event." He sat. "You were gifted the power of forcing actual, real world logic and physics to take place around you when in physical contact with a superhuman. It sounds incredible. But turns out your power makes the littlest sense out of all powers." I felt a tingle through my body, like this was something I already knew and subconsciously avoided thinking about. "When you touch these people, what real world logic and physics allows the touch of your skin to change the mental and physical abilities of these people..?" My heart starts beating. "O-Of course I know this. It's a power. Powers aren't supposed to... To..." I became dizzy and frustrated. He smiled. "What gives YOU the right to take others powers away from them?" "I'm a.. a protector!" "You successfully removed the powers from all your victims. But those powers were genetic mutations. The body got used to using them. After they were removed, the body started to shut down. Started to die." My eyes widened. "345 victims. You have killed 345 people. People who needed those powers to survive. Killing superhumans, raising the rates of gun and knife crimes around the country. YOU are the illogical being. YOU are the criminal." He raised a revolver to my forehead. "And I.." He grinned. "Am Human." I heard the click of a trigger. 