
*Everything comes at a price.* The walls arch above to an invisible ceiling, lost in darkness. No possible way for me to reach it. The doors themselves are thin and made of wood, but magically protected. You'd have a better chance of smashing a cruise ship with your dick. You could try, but it seems like more effort than it would be worth. *Everything comes at a price.* I'm laying on a cold slab, motionless. Gathering strength still. One thousand years have gone by, but I slept through most of it. I'm not hungry or thirsty. I feel warmth and cold, but that's about it. Torches line the walls, flames licking the walls. I assume they're magic, otherwise I feel like I would have seen a caretaker or something replace them. I always wondered why ancient temples and forgotten tombs always have lit candles and shit inside. Anyway, I'm hear because I bought a book bound in human flesh at a garage sale. Gary was cleaning out his basement, since he wanted to get it finished, and found a bunch of shit his grandma gave him after she died in some weird accident involving some kind of blood sacrifice or whatever. So I buy it for about ten bucks, which to me is a steal. I don't think I've seen a book made of human flesh before, and it whispers all kinds of things when you hold it. The pages have symbols and shit I don't understand but they fly around the page and rearrange themselves into words. I read all about summoning demons and other kinds of things, but the amount of power required was always out of reach. So i read about this tomb, a place for the damned and blah blah blah. There was only one warning about the tomb, that one phrase. *Everything comes at a price.* Now, I'm a reasonable guy. I see an opportunity for nearly unlimited power and the ability to conjure portals to hell itself, and I think - who would be the most reasonable person to have this ability? And I say to myself, I seem like a good guy. I pay my taxes. I walk my dog, I pay my bills, and sometimes I think about multidimensional conquest and the enslavement of the human race. You know, the usual shit. I sat on this slab for a long time. I counted for awhile, but I forget for how long. Most of the time I just thought about nothing. Nothing to eat, nothing to drink, nothing to do. All it says is to lay here for a thousand years. Sometimes I wondered - did I make a good decision? Was this a trap? No. I'm a good guy. I'm always right. Whenever I make a decision, it's always the best one. No matter what anyone tells me, I know it, deep down. I am right. I am right. I AM RIGHT. With this book, the world will know. They'll all see. I feel like I should have brought a book, but all I have is the one made of human flesh. It doesn't talk to me anymore, but I don't mind. I try to open it, but it clamps shut every time. For awhile I was able to use my cell phone and play some games, but it died pretty quickly. Whatever force compelled me to sit on the altar no longer holds me here. Now I can leave the room, I know the power that I wield. The first people to go will be those fucks who put pineapple on pizza, I may soon be sacrificing children to Satan but that shit is true evil. Only the door won't open. *Everything comes at a price.* I decide to try to read more of the book, which probably should have been done before doing this whole ritual thing but I'm not really much of a planner. *Everything comes at a price.* *Power for the soul.* *Enter the tomb, exit through Hell.* *BEWARE the impure* *BEWARE those of the seven sins* *There will be no escape, only judgement* *LUST, SLOTH, GREED, PRIDE, WRATH, GLUTTONY, ENVY* Huh. Nothing foreboding about that! It appears I'll have to walk through hell itself to return to the outside world. I know the rules of time are kind of weird around here, but I have no idea how long that will take. There's a whole lot of details about how to get to the tomb, but nothing about getting out of hell. You know what, I'm a pretty impulsive guy. Maybe I'll give it a try. I summon the portal, listening to the crackle of hellfire and the tortured screams of the damned. The scent of hellfire, crackling human flesh, and the heavy odor of brimstone. Whispers, the same whispers that made me delve into the book, the same voices that started me on this path speak to me again. They tell me I am different, that the words and warnings have no meaning to someone as powerful as I. And you know what, I agree with them. I'm a guy that makes pretty good decisions, so I walk through the portal. I'm the best guy I know. And I mean, come on. How bad could it be? Who wouldn't trust a grimoire made from human remains? r/storiesfromapotato 