
It had been three weeks since my wife last licked me. She had never gone this long without doing it. Her mood had grown grim lately too. She was distant, often avoiding me, and the scarce trade of words we had were about mundane topics like food. I always thought it was a joke, a weird habit of hers. 'Just so you know it's really me,' she said. What if she was messing with strange, spiritual stuff behind my back? She certainly had a fascination for horror movies. I was never a man who found comfort in taking risks. I was wary, cautious. That's why I bought a bible, rosary beads, and hid a wireless microphone in her jacket. The next morning I prepared her breakfast. She faked a smile, made up an excuse, and left to work. Fortunately, she wore the jacket. I bolted toward the computer, put on the headphones and waited. Fifteen minutes later, she finally spoke, "Watch your lane, asshole!" Wow, all right honey. There was a minute of silence, she said something I couldn't hear properly, then I lost connection. This worked better in the movies. What had she said? I repeated the audio, focusing on her words. 'People, they should dance in the shadows.' My heart thundered. What did that mean? I spent hours walking around the house, my thoughts running wild. Was she possessed? But how? If there was a clue, it must be hiding somewhere in the house. I searched inside every drawer, every corner. There was *nothing* strange. I looked at the calendar, this had started three weeks ago, on September 21. September 21. I felt my pressure dropping, and I barreled outside my house. How didn't I notice it before? If my heart was thundering before, now it was on the verge of exploding. I had forgotten our anniversary. There was no gift that could fix her broken emotions. I knew that, but I had to try. How could I be so stupid? I came back home at night with an empty wallet and a big rock to put on her finger. I took a shower, dressed up, prepared some dinner and waited for her. She opened the door and frowned. "Mike? What is this?" I ran toward her and gave her a hug. "Honey, I'm sorry I forgot," I said. "I hope you can forgive me." I dug out the ring from my pocket, lifted her right hand, and adorned her forefinger with my tangible, expensive apologies. She grinned like a little child unwrapping gifts in christmas. How beautiful she was when she smiled. "It took you a while," she said and took a deep breath. "You are forgiven, honey." "Well then," I said and placed my hand centimeters away from her mouth. "Do your thing." She frowned, grabbed it, and guided me toward the table. [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8fnavq/wp_your_spouse_has_the_annoying_habit_of/dy58oi8/) --------------------------------------- /r/therobertfall For more stories. 