
"On the practicality of time travel as a tool to assist in waging war." I stared at the title in disbelief. Why would anybody publish a legitimate scientific paper on this topic? And during WWII, of all times? This had to be some sort of practical joke. But even if it was, what were the odds that it was a 100% match for my essay? I took a closer look. The article in question was indeed a word-for-word match for my creative writing assignment. About how one could use a time machine as a weapon. Perhaps send somebody to the past to rig a war in your favour. Or send them to the future to take the future's knowledge back to your time. The possibilities were endless. I had gone into detail on the latter option, explaining how one could use knowledge of future events to assist in the present. Even taking into account butterfly effects, one could repeatedly send scouts into the future and adjust accordingly. I had actually composed a fairly detailed strategy regarding such matters. But that didn't really matter. Time travel wasn't real. Was it? I read to the end of the article. There was a citations page afterwards, though that was lacking from my version of this essay. I skimmed through the articles listed, hoping to find a clue to the origin of this mysterious paper. For some reason, one title caught my eye. "Transmission of information from future to present", by Lennart Katzmann. I had never heard of the paper nor its author, but something about it felt eerily familiar. It didn't take me long to find a copy online. It seemed like a perfectly normal paper, other than the fact that it was about time travel. I read the paper over and over. Why did it seem so familiar? What did I recognize in that title and that name? *Remember the words*, said a small voice deep in the back of my mind. *Remember the words.* What words? I read through the paper one more time. This time, one phrase in particular jumped out at me. One phrase that had somehow eluded my notice every single time until now. "He who knows the future controls the present." I remembered the words. I remembered everything. The inside of a bunker, deep underground. Men in white coats hovering around a machine. An older man in a military uniform telling me something. He was speaking German, I realized with a start. And I understood every word. "When you are ready to return home, find a clock and a radio." I took my bedside alarm clock and unscrewed the bottom panel. I stared at the jumble of wires and circuits inside, and I remembered exactly what to do. Soon, I stared at the mess in front of me. The clock/radio had been completely gutted, all the wires rearranged into a haphazard mess. But I knew this was right. I set the frequency, and waited. The clock on my wall showed 11:59:57. 11:59.58. 11:59.59. 12:00:00. There was a flash of light, and I was home. The men in front of me stepped back, their faces a mixture of shock and joy. They spoke quickly to each other. Too quickly for me to understand, but I knew they were words of congratulation. A door above opened. A man walked down the staircase. A man whose face I remembered - no, *knew* - all too well. "I trust that you have acquired some valuable information." I smiled. "Yes, Mein Fuhrer." 