
Mr. Winsel blinked. He was no longer in his clean, orderly office. He was in a dingy cave that smelled of mold and slime and... cave stuff. Candles surrounded him. The soles of his shoes rubbed against a hastily scribbled pentagram on the cave floor. A sorcerer, looking quite proud of himself, grinned cheerfully. The middle aged, slightly obese, balding HR manager found himself at a loss. A goat was nibbling on a trouser leg. "What's going on?" "Oh sorry about that. I was going to sacrifice it, but then the damn thing ran away and, well... I did try to catch it, of course, but I'm not exactly the most athletic person in the world, so I just did the ritual without the blood sacrifice." Mr. Winsel blinked. His lumpy moustache, trimmed in the impression of a very melancholic slug, *twitched*. "And who are you? Where am I?" "Ah, yes. You are in the overworld, my good demon, and I am the one who summoned you here," he grabbed Mr. Winsel's right shoulder in what he thought was an amiable manner. "We are going to do some great things together! Just you and me! Master and minion!" "But, I'm not a demon." "What?", the sorcerer did a double take. "Uh. You are from Hell, right?" "I'm from Michigan." "That's somewhere in Hell." "No." "Are you... certain?", the sorcerer flipped open a tome. "I am pretty certain I just opened a portal to Hell. "Apparantly you didn't," Winsel sighed. "Now, please send me back. I have paperwork to do. Interviews to conduct. Not everyone has the luxury to traipse around in their pajamas, performing 'magic tricks'." "What did you say? Look. I don't know where you come from, but magic is a highly respectable institution here. You can't just-" Mr. Winsel took a very deep and noisy breath. "I want to see your manager." "My manager? You mean the headmaster? I... He's not really supposed to know what I'm doing this. This is all very illegal and..." Winsel grabbed the sorcerer by his flowing black robes. "Listen here, shithead. I don't know what drugs you had to inbibe to make you think that dressing up like a dutch midwife was a good idea, but if you don't stop jerking your goddamned 'magic wand' for five minutes and run to find your fucking manager, I will shit fury all over the pitiable little thing that is your life. ONE FUCKING PHONE CALL. One fucking phone call and I will have my fucking legal team plowing you in your little shitty fucking rear so hard that you'll be shitting out of a fucking mile wide hole in your goddamned fucking stomach! WHERE IS YOUR FUCKING MANAG-" The sorcerer wiped the spittle off his face with a hankerchief as he stared at where Mr. Winsel had faded away into nothingness, restored to his own reality. He did not know what a 'legal team' was, but surely it was something dark and horrible. It was clear now that he had not summoned a minor demon as he had intended, but some sort of archdaemon of vast cunning and viciousness. He took a brief look at the tome of ancient sitting on a nearby rock before setting it on fire with a fireball. Summoning demons was, decidedly, not a good idea. 