
Most days, I feel like a selfish asshole for wishing it was anything else. Most days, I think about running away to where no one can find me. My mother's spell is melting ice. That's it. Our sidewalks were always clear in the winter. Sometimes she'd go around and help the neighborhood, but if she didn't, I doubt anyone would have noticed. My father's spell can prevent bread from going stale. Just bread. It took him a long time to figure out that one. My parents are practical people. At least they used to be. We'd only use magic for emergencies, because who knows when we'd run out? They'd make us rake the leaves and clean the toilets when other families threw spells around like they were nothing. They used to be practical and smart and sane, until I destroyed them. Like most people, I started sparking when I hit puberty, unconsciously doing the spell in little bursts. One day my mother kissed my forehead at just the wrong time and immediately dropped to her knees. I gasped in worry and shouted for help. Until I saw her eyes. Her pupils were big and black. She was flushed, sweating, mouth agape. Have you ever seen your mother have an orgasm? I think this is worse. When she came to, I asked her what was wrong. "Euphoria," is all she said, and all she could say for the next few hours. Soon they couldn't function in the moments between touching me. They'd creep into my room in the dead of night, wake me up with hushed whispers. "Danny, honey? Please just one touch, just one..." My sister's spell turned out to be drawing the perfect circle. She couldn't compete. She hasn't talked to me in years. When I turned 18, I told them I was out. They begged me, pale and thin, aged beyond their years. My father had quit his job because he couldn't spend the day without me. My mother would show up at my high school at odd hours. They're dead now. My sister will tell you that I killed them with my absence. And now, I'm alone. It's hard to know who likes you and who just wants a taste of euphoria. And it feels wrong to see a person sad, for whom the existence of magic is not enough to make the world magical, and not step in, not to give them that one moment. And it's hard to say no when they ask for it again, and again. "How does it feel?" They'll ask eagerly before the first time, and I tell them I don't know, will never know how it feels. That's most days. But then there's today. I was out for a walk in the middle of the night when I saw a girl in a fur coat sitting on the curb. Gold coins were scattered around her feet. She was crying. I wish I could ignore the sad people. Something about my curse makes me stop, every time. "What's wrong?" I asked, almost reluctant. She lifted her mascara-stained face. "I can make money rain from the sky." She looked at me like she expected me to ask. And to be honest, part of me almost did. Instead I just sighed. "I can make people happy," I confessed. I saw that familiar look on her face, a miserable person who wanted to not be miserable for just one second. And I, like she had, braced for the ask. And watched her swallow it. "That must be hard," is all she said. 