
What is going on? And, eww, what is that smell? I stand up, or try to; I don't make it far off the ground. I look at my feet and... What the hell? What is going on? What are those? Are those paws? I must be dreaming! Wake up. Please wake up. "Who's a good boy." A woman approaches me, and for the first time, I realise I'm in a cage. She unlocks the door. "Here boy," she says, holding out her hand. Ew. What is that? But it smells so good, and she has such a lovely voice. I approach her and eat it. I don't want to think about what I've just eaten. She attaches a lead to my collar. Seriously? I'm wearing a collar? "We have a nice young man who's going to adopt you," she said. Really? And I'm supposed to go to this strangers house? I try to complain, but it comes out as a whine. I pull on the lead, but she just picks me up. She takes me through a door and into a waiting room where things immediately get stranger. What the hell? I try to say. That man. That's me. He's me. He has my face. "He's a little excitable," the woman tells me. I mean, she tells the man. "He'll be okay once he's settled." "Who's a good boy," said the imposter, scratching behind my ear. Damn, that feels good. One of my rear legs tries to scratch my belly. Stop that! "I'll take good care of him," the imposter said, taking my lead and pulling me outside. I follow reluctantly, and my attention is turned to a post. A scent emanates from it that says 'like and share to receive treats.' I lift my leg and pee on it before I even realise what I've done. What is this? Dog Twitter. I'm manhandled into the back of a car. I panic. I don't want to go to a strange house, and I tell this imposter so for the entire journey, but he does not listen. As we get to his home, my old house, the heavens open and the rain falls heavily. I really need a number two, but the imposter wants to get inside quick and I ain't too keen on standing out in this either. We make it into the house, and my need becomes more pressing. He can clean it up, I think to myself, making my way to the easy-to-clean kitchen tiles. I laid these myself, though this close up I can see it was a rough job. Hmm. I stop. He is probably going to be angry, so I may as well make it worth it. I take a dump on the carpet. I paid for the carpet. I will crap on it if I want to. I make sure it is right in front of a doorway where he is bound to stand in it. Next, I chill on the sofa. If my only job is to mooch around while my 'owner' pays my way, I may as well make the most of it. 