
I gazed out the window and witnessed ribbons of gold and red breaking the horizon. Morning dew still clung to branches and blades of grass like a baby to its mother. It was a slap in the face that something so simple and beautiful should exist on a day such as today. "Am I going to go see mommy?" Danny asked sheepishly. His brown eyes were filled with a swirl of emotions I couldn't begin to comprehend. But I could guess - fear, sadness, anger, guilt. "No." I said firmly. I placed my bigger hand on his little one. "Not today." "I think... I think I would like to see her. I'm very tired." It was the truth, I knew. I could see it in his eyes, purple and sunken in his skull. He wanted to be with his mother. Hard as I tried, I was never enough for him. "Dont you say that. You hear me?" I matched his intensity with my own. I wished I could transfer my strength onto him. Maybe I would, after all. "Will it hurt?" Danny asked, and licked his lips. They were cracked and white. I handed him a glass of water "No, son. They won't hurt you." "Not me. You." There was love and admiration in his tiny, sunken eyes. For the first time, it occurred to me that he may not be strong enough for what was to come. "Me? Nah. I'll be fine. And when it's all over, I'll see your mother again. Do you have anything you want me to tell her for you?" "Tell her I love her, and miss her terribly. But I know one day we'll all be together again. We'll all be a *family* again." tears brimmed his eyes, swelled, and rolled down his pale cheeks. "Son," I said. "I want you to do something for me. I want you to fight. No matter how tired you are, no matter how upset you feel, I want you to fight like hell and don't ever give up. Do you understand?" "Yes daddy." Danny whispered. "And know that no matter what happens next, I'm always right here." I put my finger gently on his chest. He nodded, and more tears rolled down his white cheeks. I hugged my son intensely, probably harder than I should have, and kissed his little forehead for the last time. "Are you ready, Mr. Stevenson?" Dr. Byrd asked. "Yes. I'm ready." I said. I rose from beside Danny's bed and followed him down the hallway, casting one last glance at my weeping son. It took weeks to find a doctor who would do it. We had weeks, but we didn't have months. I'm his father; it's my duty to protect him. I would do anything for him. My son couldn't afford to wait on the donor list for a transplant that might never come. I would do anything for my son. Even give him my heart. 