
He did not expect to see an aged and frail man in front of him. No, he expected a muscular and "macho" man, with tattoos, a grimace, and a pistol or two in his holsters. Not a grandpa with a cane, blind in one eye. I saw the laughter and confusion on his face, it happens every time. "This is the assassin sent by Vinto to deal with me!?" But before they can start laughing, they are dead. In fact the moment I walk towards them, from the moment I make I contact, they are dead. Beware of an old man in a profession where men die young. That is what I tell my associates, and my clients. I am the Vinto Cabal's most feared assassin. I kill with no remorse, no hesitation, because I understand the human life is limited in the first place. I see no harm in cutting the strings early. From my hand comes death, comes a sweet respite from the difficulty of life. It is a gift, and a curse. I told you, the moment they see me, they are already dead. It is courtesy of my "special" power. I have what is called the Chimeric Power, courtesy of the fact that I am multiple people grafted onto a single body. A talented magician, an expert martial artist, and a ruined demon king all gave their limbs to me, and with it I gained a portion of their souls, their power. The moment I see my target, I activate my power. In this state I am untouchable, infathomably fast, and my cane has a double use as a Barachotoxin tipped blade. I slice and dice, only three slashes needed to kill, and leave the scene with ease. Sometimes I break a window. Other times I make a run back the way I came, delivering a cruel slice to all the ernest guards looking to avenge their dying king. As I told you I am impossible to hit, only the most precise things can hit me, the most skilled marksman may injure me. You wonder why I am not a god by now. It is because the truth is that I am not actually as old as I look. Though I look more than 75, I am only 10, and this is courtesy of my Chimeric Power. Every time I use the power I age, more and more, until my soul shatters and I die an empty husk. I have ten uses left. EDIT: This kind of got left behind in all the gilded stories up top, so if you're reading this thank you for taking the time to read my story. It means a lot to me :) EDIT 2: Is it worth even keeping this up? Don't think anyone wants to read it anymore, so might as well delete it. :( It's utter trash anyway. 