
Day seven-hundred fifty-three post-sun. Andri did not wake up this morning. That brings our numbers down to nineteen. Five children, thirteen adults, and one stubborn elder. We will take care of Andri's body after breakfast. In life, he told stories of a glorious future still to come; in death, he will fertilize our crop room. No one had known what was about to happen seven-hundred and fifty-three days ago: not the world governments, not the scientific community, not the religious leaders of the world. Even the conspiracy theorists and doomsday preppers were unprepared for the sun to go out. We were lucky. All of us who worked at the Hellisheidi Power Plant lived nearby. When the sky went dark that day and the news stations went berserk, we called our families to come over right away. Most of them got here in time. With the sun gone, everything went cold. Not just Iceland cold, but instantaneous frostbite, petrol frozen in pipes cold. This temperature drop happened in minutes. It took three days before the air outside was too cold for anyone to travel. We lost four members of our group that day. They had been out looking for survivors and food, but they never came back. Our numbers were fifty-five the day we could no longer go outside. We had enough food to last about four months. Our first group of scouts had been wise enough to bring back seeds and soil, so we could use light from the reactor to grow beans and potatoes. We shut down all but two of the turbines to use their water for survival. Everything was going about as well as you could hope until day twenty-three post-sun. That's when we heard the rumbles and crashes from outside. I remember rushing upstairs with some of the others to the security station. We watched, huddled around the monitors as shards of ice rained down upon the world outside. The atmosphere was finally freezing. Cracks appeared in the ceiling. We grabbed anything left upstairs and retreated to the lower levels to the turbine rooms where we were all living. Life was hard. We had to ration the food carefully. Everyone went to bed hungry. No one knew if anyone or anything else had survived. On day one-hundred thirteen, Sven did not wake up with the rest of us. He had been eight years old. His mother, Freya, hanged herself the next night. They were the first, but not the last. Day seven-hundred fifty-three. The turbines continue to wane in their energy production. The earth is cooling underneath the crust. At this rate, in another three-hundred and two days the turbines will shut down for good, and we will die. All of humanity will die with us, I believe. Day seven-hundred fifty-four. I woke up to a splashing sound. Halla had jumped out of her bed and landed in a pool. The whole floor was a pool. Liquid *something* was trickling out of crack in the walls and ceiling, but it sure was not water. I grabbed Asta, Halla, and Bjorn to suit up. Liquid could only mean one thing: there was heat on the surface! We waded our way to the old stairwell and pried open the door. A river trickled down the staircase. We started climbing. Four flights later and our way was blocked by rubble. The surface levels of the power plant had been crushed when the sky fell. But we could see light. Light! Our spirits renewed, we chipped and shoveled and pried a hole big enough to climb through. We scaled the mountain of steel and concrete and stone, cautious but eager. After four hours of climbing and digging, I burst through to the surface. It was blinding. My exposed face started to burn from the radiation but it felt so good. Pulling my goggles up, I squinted and looked around. Something in the sky was burning big and red. But it wasn't the sun. **** Edit: thank you for all of the love! Part two is officially up! [Check it out here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/90q9p2/wp_two_years_ago_the_sun_winked_out_utterly/e2ticc4/) Edit 2: holy cow I never imagined people would want to read what I write, and now I'm gilded! Thank you kind redditor, whoever you are! 