
"Is anyone there? Is anyone reading this?" No response. None from their ship, none from the coast. No radio, no satellites: nothing. Doreen put her hand on Kirk's shoulder. "There's no point. No one's answering." Kirk leaned forward, looking out the window. Jeremy had already opened the hatch and was staring up, and both men were seeing the same thing. An alien sky, filled with stars they had never seen before. Two moons, one larger and greener than Earth's, and one smaller and a deep red. "I know," he muttered as he stared up at that unearthly sky. "But..." Doreen nodded. They had gone under the ocean during to investigate deep sea marine life. Observe the most alien organisms on Earth their natural habitat. And when they had surfaced...*We didn't really imagine what alien was* she thought. Something moved in the dark water, a shape briefly breaching into the air with glowing lights. Jeremy exclaimed excitedly as he saw it, looking down through the hatch. "Did you see that? I think it's a ship!" Doreen frowned at where it had appeared. It reappeared again, about half a click closer to the submarine. "I don't think it's...Jeremy! Get down." He did so, although he frowned as he did. A moment later, he saw why. A pair of massive jaws, just barely too small to swallow the research sub whole, clamped onto the front of the vessel. A smaller set of jaws, located inside the mouth, pulsed out to scrape at the front of the ship. Kirk frantically slapped on the subs propellers. The forward facing ones tore into the mouth of the beast, and it recoiled away. As they floated away from it, it sunk back under the surface to find easier prey. "Did you see the jaws?" Jeremey shouted. "Did you see them?" Doreen nodded, her face twisting into a frown. "We're all right here, Jer. We saw them." They belonged to a moray eel, one large enough to almost swallow them whole. Identifying the beast didn't give them any answers though. They set an eastward heading, hoping that land would still be in that direction. --- The sub wasn't designed for long range travel. They had to power down everything except for the engines as they floated across the waves in the dark sea under the alien sky. Jeremy had gone near catatonic, just muttering to himself about the jaws of an eel. Kirk and Doreen kept their conversation low to not frighten him more. "Doreen, even if we hit land, there's no guarantee..." She nodded. "Kirk, if we don't, we're dead. If we get to land, maybe we have a chance to survive." "We should have dove again. Maybe there's a, a portal or something." Doreen shrugged. "If there was, Kirk, we're shit-outta-luck. We didn't have enough oxygen for another dive. But I don't think it was that. That storm had some odd electronic interference, remember?" "You think the storm did this? Why hasn't it happened before?" "I don't know, Kirk. I'm sorry, I wish I had answers. Maybe when we get..." "LAND HO!" Jeremy shouted, making them both jump. Doreen banged her head in the enclosed space and cursed. But he was right. There was a land up ahead, thank god, a beach of black sand that glittered in the starlight. And cliffs behind it. None of that was what set Doreen's heart racing though. There was a ship on the beach, a naval ship. It looked American! "We're saved," she whispered to Kirk, who pumped his fist in excitement. That excitement faded as they got closer, however. The ship had been there for awhile. Great chunks of its hull had been torn away, huge gaping wounds into the interior of the beach. Still, it meant there were people here, humans somewhere on this alien shore. Maybe they could give them some clue what was going on. That hope faded into fear when they got to the beach. No life was around, aside from small skittering birds. They walked on their wings like they were talons, and hissed a foul song at the humans as they passed before pecking on the human skeleton they were working over. It was long dead, but they seemed to find some benefit in scraping out the ancient bones. Then, on the vessel, they saw the ship's designation. *USS Eldridge* The same vessel used in the Philadelphia Experiment. "Doreen," Kirk whispered, his voice low. Jeremy began to laugh, a high pitched giggle without end. "What do we do now?" Doreen took a deep breath. "This vessel got here somehow, same as ours. We'll find out how, and we'll find a way home." Jeremy's giggle abruptly stopped, and Kirk nodded in approval. Together, they walked in the wrecked ship. Behind them, the birds that walked on wings and chipped at bones sung their foul song on a beach of black sand. --- To be continued? More at /r/Hydrael_writes 