
She stares at me from the edge of the bar. A lot of the times it's like this, someone shyly sneaking in a glance every now and then, before eventually I walk up to them and put them out of their misery. But this one is different. She continues to stare at me with a quiet intensity. I decide not to wait until the end of my drink, and approach her. "Hi," I say. "I'm Cindy." "I'm Ana," she says, her eyes still steely. I sit down, and buy her a drink, and from that point on she seems to relax a little. "So what are you doing out here? Don't think I've ever seen you before." "I'm passing through," she says, throwing back her drink nonchalantly. "I'm here for about a week." "What are you here for? Business? Leisure?" "A little bit of both," she says, finally cracking a smile. "But now it's my turn to buy you a drink and ask you questions." - Later that night, she asks me an odd question. Most small talk on nights like this is bullshit, merely passing the time before we maul each other again or finally go to sleep. And it's mostly bullshit on this night too. "What's it like being you?" she asks. "What do you mean?" "Having yourself all to yourself." "What...do you mean?" "I mean...you just seem like someone who doesn't need anyone else to survive." "Well, if you're calling me a loner, you can say it to my face." "I didn't say that.""Well, it gets cold sometimes," I say, feeling her soft, warm heartbeat through my hands. "But mostly, I can do whatever I want. I don't have to go to bed at any hour, or follow any routine. I don't owe anyone anything but myself." "That sounds...I can't even imagine," she says, softly. "You're not like that?" I ask. But she's already fallen asleep. - That week, I show her the city. I tell her she picked the perfect time to come, when the leaves start to bleed, and the streets look like they are on fire in the dying sunlight. I take her to the pizza parlor three blocks away that proudly refuses to raise its prices. I take her to the abandoned subway station, and we get about halfway through counting all the cigarette butts before giving up. I take her to the Ferris Wheel, and we sit high above the city, watching the world pass by. "So you're not going to tell me what you're here for?" I ask, at the very top. "I'm here for you, aren't I?" she says with the fullest smile I see on her face the whole week. - The last morning, she is quiet over breakfast. "So if you can't tell me what you were here for, can you at least tell me where you're going?" She stares down at her plate. "I have to tell you something," she says. "But you won't believe it." But of course I make her tell me, and I believe it, simply because I see the faded light in her eyes, that she wish it weren't true. "I'm...the only one of me?" "Yes," she says. "How does it feel?" "It...doesn't feel any different. I've never thought any differently." "You're lucky." "So you're going on to the next dimension? To meet another one of yourself? That sounds amazing." She shakes her head, softly. "No. All the versions of me, they hold me to a standard. They want Ana, this identity we all share, to be the same across all realities. They're afraid of breaking something, some chain somewhere." "But...you want something different?" "I want...what you have. The freedom to be yourself. To not worry about upsetting a timeline, or breaking a link." "Then why don't you? What do you want to do right now?" "Stay," she says, looking up at me shyly, scared of what I'll say. So I take a moment, letting her fear ride out just one second longer, and then... - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 