
I slapped the sticky bar table. Adrenaline pumped in my ears. "I'm going to do it! I'm going to talk to her!" I announced. My buddy laughed, "I'll believe it when I see it." Everyone else at the table snorted into their beers. Gathering all of my courage and spontaneity I jumped up from the table and strode over to the beautiful blonde I had been gawking at all night. Her friends immediately stopped talking as I approached. "Hi," I breathed. "Can I buy you a drink?" *This is it. All those years of my father telling me I should never take a risk. It ends now.* For a moment Beautiful Blonde stares up at me in bewilderment then her eyes soften as she smiles. "Sure, why the hell not?" We must have sat together for hours in easy conversation before I noticed her fiddling with a scrap of paper in her hand. She noticed me staring. "I think scratch tickets are so stupid. I bought it on a whim but I never win anything. Want to scratch it off together?" My father's voice boomed in my head. *And don't even think of doing the lottery, son! We would likely get struck my lightening on the way to buying one!* I swallowed hard, fear a large lump in my throat. Before I could think I snatched the ticket out of her hand and furiously scratched away the silver. "Whoa! Easy, killer!" Beautiful Blonde laughed at my tenacity. Then her laughter died in her mouth as she gazed at the ticket in shock. "Holy shit! You just won five grand!" But the ticket didn't matter anymore. The girl didn't matter. "Where are you going?" She called but I was already walking out the bar. Something was finally different. All those years of living in fear of taking risks had finally ended. I hailed a cab and within the hour was dropped off at the place I had avoided for years. The hospital was quiet and brightly lit as I made my way to the Long Term Care unit. The last ten years were long listening to my father's warnings in my head. But I never actually heard him. I stood over his comatose body. I hadn't heard his voice in ten years and had stopped hoping I would. I stopped visiting. My dad would always say he had the worst of luck and his own father's luck was even worse. It came to no one's surprise in my family when he got in that car accident. His condition served as it's own cautionary tale to never try. I watched as my father's eyes began to flutter. But tonight I think my luck has changed. 