
######[](#dropcap) The man swirled into Kassidy's lab, his black cape flowing behind him. She barely gave him a glance before turning back to her computer. She still had to run the next batch of samples, and if she was even a tiny bit off with the timing, they would become useless. But she couldn't ignore him entirely, she supposed. "What do you want?" she asked, then carefully set her vial down and placed the entire group of vials into the freezer. She stripped her gloves. Lucifer narrowed his kohl-rimmed eyes at her. "You know very well what I'm here for." Kassidy shrugged. "Not sure what you're talking about." He gritted his teeth and walked around the metal table until he was standing right in front of her. He slammed the newspaper down onto the table. Kassidy barely took a look at it before giving him a small smile. "Well, congratulations to that little old lady, I suppose. Living until you're 120 years old is quite a feat." He wanted to kill her. "Yeah, it would be quite an accomplishment," he said, his jaw clenching, 'if she weren't supposed to die two months ago." He pulled out his tablet and quickly typed in the lady's name, then flipped it around and showed her. On the screen, along with a picture of the elderly women, was the age at which she was supposed to die. Instead of a positive time ticking down towards her death, it was now negative. "And I know you gave her that serum you concocted," he hissed. "We had a deal." Kassidy raised an eyebrow. "We did, in fact. And I am upholding my part of the deal splendidly well." His pale eyes flashed. "You know immortality is not to be trifled with." Kassidy scoffed. "Right. So only the Gods get it. Because I'm sure you guys clearly deserve it." Lucifer's lips narrowed into a thin line. "I forgave that you drank the damn thing yourself. I granted you amnesty. You don't know how *angry* Fred was with me when I told him he couldn't take your soul and had to explain why. He threw a temper tantrum for three days straight, trained Cerberus to basically revolt against me, and then quit his job for a whole week." He paced around the table. "People not dying for a whole week. Did you know the horror that caused? Gunshot wounds in stasis, people who should have bled out, dear lord, the number of newspapers I had to forcefully recall." He moaned, clutching his head in his hands. "Half my minions are still on holiday because of the overtime." Then he raised his head. "And now this. How many people have you given the serum to?" He opened the fridge and pulled out the vial with swirling amber liquid, smashing it against the floor. The liquid evaporated almost immediately upon contact with the air. "Just a few," Kassidy said calmly. She shrugged off her lab coat. It looked like she wasn't about to get any more work done today. The last time Lucifer had paid her a visit, he'd stayed for three days and three nights. "But I was actually thinking of selling it." Before he realized what he was doing, Lucifer unsheathed his claws, and they hovered inches from her face. "Say that again." His tone was deathly calm. If she actually decided to sell the immortality serum, the entire world would be thrown into chaos. The other gods, who had slumbered since thousands of years ago, would finally awaken, and he would be put on trial for mishandling things. If things turned out badly, he might even be stripped of his title. And where would he be then? Kassidy didn't even blink at his threat. She was used to it by now. "You're threatening the mother of your future child?" she asked, then turned around and grabbed her keys from the counter. At first, the question didn't register. Then Lucifer blinked. And blinked again. Mother of his...his eyes widened and flashed with something akin to joy. As much joy as he was capable of feeling, anyhow. "You're pregnant?" he asked. His claws sheathed themselves, and he touched Kassidy's arm, turning her around. "Since when?" She nearly rolled her eyes at him. "Since three months ago. I was going to tell you, but you didn't respond, so I decided to take matters into my own hands." She shrugged. Hence the old lady. He couldn't even be mad at her now. "But it's fine. Apparently you didn't think answering my summonings was important enough. So you can head back to Hell now." She walked towards the lab doors. She was mad. He was incredibly bad at reading emotions, but that much he knew. "Kassidy, wait up!" he yelled, then followed her out like a puppy dog chasing after its owner. ***** [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/99qwrz/wp_the_other_gods_who_had_slumbered_since/e4pymgy/) is here, based off the prompt response that was generated from this story, haha. r/AlannaWu 