
Szplk stepped into the dining area with his tray of Glorp and was greatly relieved to see one chair still free at the table where his friends always sat. That relief seemed to wash over him like a warm spring thunderstorm, taking away much of the stress of the mornings work. The others nodded greetings as he sat, all of them already working on their plates of Glorp. "I have a funny anecdote for you," Szplk announced to the table, his mandibular tentacles waving excitedly in anticipation. Everyone looked up at him with interest. "I passed that new human they hired in the hallway up on the 3rd floor," said Szplk. "You know what I said to him?" Szplk's voice rose in anticipation. A brief comedic pause, and he continued, "What's what's the square root of 1,764?" and then burst out laughing. Instantly the entire table was in an uproar. Grxbk did a spit take and sprayed Glorp all over Vzbrn sitting across from him. Joyful laughter filled the cafeteria, and almost seemed infectious to everyone in there. "And you know..." Szplk tried to continue between guffaws, "...you know what he replied??" No one could stop laughing to ask, so Szplk blurted "42!!!" The laughter redoubled and sustained itself for some minutes. Grblt, who was rather young and not the sharpest Morgpp in the Stlllpt, turned to his older brother Grxbk and say, "I'm not sure I get it..." "Well..." Grxbk struggled to explain between paroxysms, "...it's that humans are like walking... <BWaa-haa> ...like walking calculators!" He was slowly regaining control of himself, though the joy of the moment still coursed through him like cool water. "And 42 just happens to be the answer to..." Suddenly, as the laughter settled, he realized that Vzbrn had not actually been laughing, but was actually sobbing violently. Everyone at the table was now in shock and dismay, wondering what may have caused this. As they all looked at her in wonderment, she exclaimed, "That's so insensitive!" They realized that she was right. Greeting the new employee with such a trite prejudice was not funny at all. It was a horrible way to treat a coworker. The shame and embarassment rose in them all like lava from a volcano. Grxbk began to sob , and then Grblt next to him and in a moment the entire table was wracked with dolorous convulsions. The mood in the entire cafeteria grew decidedly dark. Szplk most of all felt the crushing weight of the guilt. He could barely see through the hot tears filling his eyes and was near to collapsing in sobbing grief. He could hear sad moaning from nearby diners and the depression seemed to spread. Except for a tall, slim, alien form that had approached from the side with its own tray of Glorp. Despite the blurry vision, he could see the hairless outline, the odd textile coverings - it had to be Tim. A shameful horror pierced Szplk's heart, causing him a sharp, physical pain. "Hi Sizz-poleck," attempted Tim. "Is this a bad time? I was wondering if I could join you and your friends..." he said uncertainly. Szplk's eyes went wide. All the sobbing stopped in wonderment. A shot at redemption! A second chance! He began to laugh. What a coolly calculated gesture! Instantly, Grxbk grabbed a nearby chair. The Morgpp that was sitting in it thumped unceremoniously to the floor. The joy spread around the table as everyone saw the way out of their shameful predicament.  Everyone welcomed Tim to the table and the laughter was renewed and boisterous and was soon spreading again through the cafeteria. 