
Every since I can remember, there were numbers in my head. Everyone had a number, a three for the boy who pushed me down the slide, a seven for those murderer's on TV, a four for my mother, etc... I had never met a ten, nor a nine, and eights were only in other countries. Until I met *him*. He was beautiful. He was perfect and kind and lovely, he was everything I ever wanted in life. He was pure perfection. He mustn't have ever had a bad day because he was *divine*. But he was a ten. He was a ten in everything he did; he was a star athlete, head of the debate team, model student, and loving son. Everyone knew him, guys wanted to be him, girls wanted him, and I... I was skeptical. What was different about him? He seemed to be perfect, but that couldn't be true... I was very wary of this boy, this seeming deity of perfection, what would ever make him like this? I was terrified of him from the moment he said hello. "Hey, I'm Alex, and I couldn't help but notice that you always seem to walk away whenever I'm in the room? Did I upset you or something? If I did, I'm sorry, a lady as beautiful as you should never have to be uncomfortable." I blinked in wide eyed fear, my eyes staring at his perfectly sculpted outstretched hand. What was *wrong* with him? "Hey, now, I'm not gonna bite." I focused on his perfect lips and the way his white teeth broadened into a lovely grin. He was a boy that many fell in love with, but I wasn't buying it. I was different; I was that one weird chick that over analyzes everything- I didn't have emotions and that's why everyone stayed away. Cautiously, I outstretched my hand. "Flora," I rasped, my voice low and uncertain. His smile grew wider and his hand enveloped mine. The shock that jolted my arm was unexpected, and I yanked my arm back as soon as our skin had met. His face developed into what seemed like a Cheshire grin. I saw the glint in his eyes, and I felt true terror for the first time in my life. "Flora," he repeated, as if to test out the words on his own tongue, "I was hoping I'd find you soon." He licked his lips and took a step forward. 