
I was climbing the mountain alone when the man had brushed past me at a quick rate, almost bumping me off the side. I'd lost my guide and the rest of the expedition long ago. I had stopped to take a rest because I was feeling dizzy and sick and then they were gone. I was scared and lonely but I would make it to the top. No matter what. "Hey, wait," I called out to the man. "Sorry," he said, the voice soft and familiar. He was in a suit, black silk shining in the sun. Not what I was expecting as I slowly made my way up Mount Everest. I remember this suit. My husband had the same suit. He had the same briefcase. "Where are you going?" I shouted. The man turned. When I saw his face, I felt dizzy, confused. I remembered this exact moment framed within our doorway in our little house. Before the accident. I remember the way he looked at me, the way he smiled as he quickly stepped out of my life for the last time. "John?" I ask. "What are you doing here?" ---- My husband and I had always talked about climbing Everest together. We were climbing enthusiasts. We hiked Mt. Lassen and Mt. Shasta in the same day once. Our climbing ambitions got higher and higher. He proposed to me at the top of Mount Rainier. I said yes through the wind and sleet and we had our wedding ceremony up there a year later. Our maid and man of honor were our climbing buddies. I remember the way he turned to me before stepping out the door the morning of the accident. I was eating a bowl of cheerios, reading the news on my phone. He brushed past me, kissing my cheek. I can still picture the milk splashing off my spoon, the cheerios plopping in the milk as he bumped my shoulder. "Sorry!" he said smiling. I stuck my tongue out. This was a game he'd play to annoy me. When he bumped me, a cheerio had fallen on the ground and rolled to the corner of the kitchen under another chair. When the police called, I looked at the cheerio while they told me my husband died crossing the street heading to his work. I left that cheerio on the ground, never touching it. It's amazing how such small objects take on such significance when the weight of our world is pulled into them. When it represents a time prior to catastrophe. A cataclysmic tear of the simple, loving life we were moving through just moments before. Without feelings or appreciation of its greatness. How it can be snatched from us at any minute. The cheerio was gone one day. A mouse must have finally eaten it. I cried on the floor until my lungs burned and my face felt numb, and I wanted to burn the house down. I hated the world then. I sat around and watched shows. And that's when I saw the documentary on Everest. John and I would watch climbing documentaries together. We talked about climbing to the summit of Everest one day. On our five year anniversary. Today was our five-year anniversary and I was taking his ashes to the top of the mountain. I started training for this trip a year ago. My family told me I was crazy, but I was going to take him to the summit no matter what. I was obsessed. And I know John was with me. Looking over me. I felt him within me. It felt right, what I was doing. And no one was going to stop me. --- "I came to get you, Mary," John said. "I don't understand," I said. My eyes were filling with tears. The glossy snow was burning brilliantly in the sun. "You died," John said as he stepped up to me. "Lack of oxygen." He said this as though none of it mattered. I looked down and I realized I wasn't wearing my climbing gear anymore. I was in the bath robe I was wearing that morning. The last time I saw him. He walked up to me and tightened the plush belt of the robe and kissed me on the forehead like he used to. I could smell his cologne. I could smell his scent. I forgot how much I missed his scent. It's amazing how fast things fade even when you'd burn the world to hold those memories within you. "Come," John said. "It's beautiful at the top." --- r/CataclysmicRhythmic 