
I stood in the middle of the chalk pentagram, sweating in the super-heated, brimstone air of my second-story flat. Rosemary candles flickered in a phantom breeze as I chanted the long, ancient Mesopotamian incantation. Just as I was about to sign off on the spell, my bedroom door burst open. "Peter!" A voice whined. "We're out of toilet paper agaaaain." I cursed and spun around. "Terry, you idiot! I'm in the middle of an incantation!" Terry's puffy, red eyes blinked slowly. "Woah. The room is like, shaking, man." "I know! Because instead of a minor sprite, I've likely called forth a thousand year old demon from hell itself! All because it was YOUR turn to buy toilet paper!" "I'm short on cash." One by one, all the candles snuffed out. I was so blinded by rage that I almost welcomed the doom speeding our way from the sixth dimension. "You bought weed instead!" I accused. Terry raised his hands defensively. "Hey, man. No need to shout." "Of course there's a need to shout! We're about to die! Let's see..." I started aggressively counting his offenses on my hand. "No toilet paper! No milk! You never do the dishes! You leave your dirty socks EVERYWHERE and there are ants in the kitchen - AGAIN!" As I was screaming my grievances, I didn't notice a large cloud of smoke with purple eyes slowly rise up behind me. But Terry did. His entire body turned bone white. He pointed, mumbling something through chattering teeth. But I wasn't done. "And you're late on rent! Three MONTHS late. And you're up till 4am playing video games whenever I'm trying to sleep! And do you wear the headphones I bought you? NO! I'm in my THIRD year at the sorcerer's academy, Terry! I can't--" The cloud of smoke opened its enormous maw like a zipper slowly unfurling. "Peter--" "Shut up! I thought moving in together would be fun! But you treat me like your maid! You're a terrible friend and a worse flatmate! That's IT! I'm kicking you out! You're-you're BANISHED!" I stomped my foot and the smoke, its gaping mouth drooling, paused just above my head. Terry was too scared to move. Finally following his gaze, I slowly turn back around to meet the level five demon I accidentally called forth. Inside the smoke, eons of volcanic madness burned in a storm of crackling orange hellfire. It then materialized a pair of small, round spectacles and blinked at me. "Are you saying you need a flatmate?" A thousand voices boomed. "Erm..." I shivered in my boots. "Y-yes?" "If I pay up his back-rent and give a deposit could I move in right away?" "YOU'RE looking?" "Yeah. My last place flooded with a river of tears when I offended a water nymph." "Peter." Terry tried to reason. "Come on. We've known each other since pre-k. Don't tell me you'd rather bunk with this....vapor?" The demon squinted at Terry. "I can eat him too, if you want." Terry looked like he wanted to melt into the floor. "Not necessary. He was just leaving. Call your mom, Terry. I want you out in an hour." Terry fled. I sighed. I couldn't afford rent on my own. But if this demon... "Would one dog be okay?" The smoke asked. "He's quiet and house trained." "If you're willing to pay three months back-rent you can bring a dozen pet dragons if you want." I joked. "Excellent." The smoke extended a tendril and I shook it. "I'm Balthazar." "Peter." Turns out, Balthazar was a much better flatmate than Terry. He didn't let the dishes pile up, he didn't drip all over the flat when he had a shower, he was on top of buying milk from the corner store - it was a dream come true. Sure, his smoke sometimes stank, especially after he ate - I never had the guts to ask him what his meals were - or WHO they were. And yes, his dog had three heads, but turns out I like dogs. I even got to walk it sometimes - it would try to breathe fire at pigeons and toast them - it was kind of cute. Really, the only time it was awkward was when I brought a lady home. LOTS of screaming. (I made a note to sleep at their places from now on.) Balthazar even helped me ace my final when I brought him in as my end of the year project. Rent was never late again. Who knew my best flatmate would be a harbinger of death and darkness? 