
I don't know what got into me. I've never snapped like that before but those unintelligent bastards roaming the town were too stupid for their own good. Yes, I've lived this several quite a few times but still, they should have learned something by now, isn't that how evolution works. Though I panicked a bit at first, what's the worst that could happen, I wake up tomorrow and the bastards are still roaming. Great now I get to kill them all again, it can be my own little game and each day I can get better at the task than the day before.  Woah what the fuck, how did that thought just go through my mind. I don't know how I ever killed those people in the first place and now I'm planning how to do it all over again. I guess being stuck on July 7th over and over again has really gotten to me. Yeah it was cool at first having all that extra time to perfect any talent I want. Now that I have perfected it all though, it is like there is no intelligent life form to hang out with, I don't know how these people even survived this long with their limited intelligence. Whatever I'm just in a mood, I guess. I'll just sleep it off and think of a more civil game to play tomorrow. I had my dream last night, you know the one that has been happening to every single night for the past 7,777 days. The one where an something abducts me and places me in Waluki, telling me that I deserve to have the best birthday ever and that these new people can help me achieve it. Though, today instead of wishing me a happy birthday, the voice said "Congratulations, you did it," and then I woke up. Except unlike every other day where I walk down the stairs and there is a birthday celebration with all my "closest friends," I walk downstairs and see the bodies right where I left them last night. Fuck, what does this mean, why didn't my day reset like every other day. Whatever, now I don't have to deal with all those idiots, who for the record are the worst party planners ever. Seriously a clown, what am I five? I mean to them yes, but I have been living today for 21 years, I don't want a fucking clown.  I decide to use today to have the actual best day ever. I sat naked in the hot tub watching movies all day long with a five gallon bucket of pizza rolls next to me. Wow, I could live this day for 21 more years. I thought of how great this is, no one will ever catch me. First no one ever goes to Waluki so it will take forever for anyone to even realize anything is wrong. When they do realize, who would ever think that this cute little child could ever kill 2,831 people with her bare hands. Slowly, I drift asleep in the hot tub and the dream begins except just like yesterday, I am once again congratulated. I open my eyes and and I am floating in the hot tub, pizza rolls everywhere. It's officially two days out of the loop, this is amazing. I have the whole town to myself and can do whatever I want. I continue living my best life, chugging down light beer, eating pizza, and wandering town for any fun activities. Some days it is playing with a victims video games or playing dress up in an old woman's house but every day is different and each is a new "best day." About a month in, I am finally getting rid of freezers to raid and the alcohol has run dry. The best day ever is turning into a nightmare. I'm sitting in the quid's house making a stained glass window when a cute Spanish boy walks into the house. Naive me assumed it was a normal boy, man was I wrong. Helro was just like me, he also lived his fifth birthday for 21 years and wiped his towns population from existence. Helro has been out of the loop for three years though, he says that it is his job to collect the others. He takes me to his new town, there are about 300 other five year olds there. They are playing chess, having political debates, doing scientific research and of course eating pizza rolls. This new town is breathtaking, finally somewhere where I can be who I truly deserve, an adult. Helro says there are thousands of children still in the loop and when they all get out the next phase will begin, until then unlimited booze and junk food. 