
"Hello," said Nick, pushing his thick rimmed glasses up to the bridge of his nose. The fountain pen in his chequered shirt pocket peeked over the top, as if it wanted to get a look at the burly man who'd answered the door. "Cathy!" yelled Ted as he turned back to the doorway. "What is it, hon?" came a melodious voice from somewhere within. "Where's the pepper spay?" "What? Why on earth do you need that, Teddy?" "Got ourselves a nerd." The sound of laughter erupted from inside the house. Nick frowned, wondering if perhaps there was a party going on. "I'm actually your new next-door neighbour," he said, just as an attractive older woman, wearing a jumper that struggled to fully contain her, came hips-a-swaying to the door. "I - erm," he tugged at his shirt collar. "I just wanted to introduce myself?" "Well, go ahead dear," said the woman. Her eyes widened and she lasciviously licked her plump lips. "I'm... uh... I'm Nick?" The lid of his fountain pen popped off and clinked onto the ground. "Oh, *Teddy*, you didn't say what a funny, well dressed, fine looking specimen of a man he was." Ted grunted and walked back into the house. "So," the lady continued. "You're the new guy? Do you like yourself breasts?" Nick looked around, feeling his cheeks flush red. "I- I guess so?" "Good, the chicken is almost ready, and there's plenty for everyone. Well, what are you still standing out there in the cold, cold evening for? You're not a stiff, are you?" She giggled, holding a hand over her mouth. "At least, not yet, I hope. Oh my, your pen is leaking." Nick looked down at his pocket: blue ink had dribbled out from the pen nib. He grabbed the fallen lid from the ground and popped it back on to the offending instrument. "All better," he said, a little flustered. "Why, yes it is. Now, come get yourself introduced to the family." Cathy grabbed Nick's hand and led him through the hallway and into a huge, beige lounge. Two young children were chasing each other around a luxurious looking sofa. "Kenny, Michael, you stop that at once. Come meet your new neighbour." The children skidded to a halt. "Yes mom!" they said in unison. They walked up to Nick, then made a circle around him, inspecting him like sharks about a blowfish. "Dad!" yelled Kenny after a minute or so, "where's the pepper spray?" Another wave of laughter came from... *somewhere*. Nick turned to Cathy. "Have you got guests? I swear I keep hearing... *laughter*." "He hears it too, mom!" said Michael. "Hush your noise this instant, Michael Williamson!" She turned to Nick. "Guests? Why, only you, sugarplum. I think you must be hearing things. Now all of you come on through to the dining roo-" The lights suddenly flickered, then died. For a moment there was only darkness. "Just a fuse!" yelled Cathy. "Let me find a candle and we'll sort it out. Oh, I do so like a blind date." More laughter. Where was it coming from? Was it in his head? Nick heard the sound of a match strike a box, then a spark of light threw shadows about the room. The spark transferred to a candle. The candle produced a scream. The scream, a furious husband. "What is it baby?" yelled Ted as he marched in from the kitchen. "You're howling like a leprechaun on St Patrick's day. Oh, sweet baby Jesus! Not Michael and Kenny!" Nick saw the bodies lying on the linoleum floor. Even in the pale candlelight, he could make out the dark pool they were swimming in. An object was protruding out of Kenny's stomach. "You son of a bitch," said Ted, rolling up his sleeves. "My wife invites you in and you... you murder our children?" Ted yanked the dagger out of Kenny's body and stalked toward Nick. "Oh... oh baby," said Cathy, "don't be too hard on him. They were little brutes half the time, anyway." "It wasn't me!" Nick said, backing away. He wasn't sure what was going on exactly, but he knew he was in big, big trouble. That laughter though... *Perhaps if he could just...* "But, I think I see your point!" he said, staring hard at the dagger. Another howl of forced laughter arrived. The candle suddenly died. Only a few seconds passed before there was the familiar sound of a match striking a box. Nick saw Ted lying in a pool of red, beside his sons. He looked up at Cathy, who held a match in one hand, and bloody knife in the other. "You- *you killed them*? You even murdered your own husband? Cathy shrugged. "Oh, it won't change him all that much. Minimal difference in the bedroom, if you get my meaning, sugarplum." She winked. Laughter. The match died. Nick gulped. "Wait!" he yelled. "No last phone call?" "I'm afraid not, sweetie pie. Not today." She raised the knife high above her. "C- c- come on lady, you're killing me here." Laughter. Darkness. When the lights came back on, Nick found himself standing over the body of Cathy, bloody knife in his hand. A voice in the background. "Okay, that's a cut!" "What the-" 