
"I love you, grandpa," my youngest grand-daughter, Sherry, said as she squeezed my hand. I looked up at those emerald green eyes she had gotten from me, at my entire family's as the heart machine's slow beats gently faded. Eighty years had passed by in a blink of an eye. When I had been Sherry's age, I had thought myself invincible. Then, at forty, I had worried constantly about death, thinking through sleepless nights about it. But now, I realized that it wasn't so bad. Because if there was ever a scene to immortalize, to be my last, it would be this. Sherry, her bright green eyes glistening with tears, my children and grandchildren all around me as the heart beat monitor lulled me to a gentle and permanent sleep. "I love you too," I told them all and I closed my eyes. My eyes opened. "How was the trip?" a familiar voice asked from beside me. I looked around at the purple moss smothering the rolling hills and the campfire burning in front of me. On my lap was a bong. At last, I remembered. My name had never been Terry, it was Zor'oah. "Yo, dude, you back with us?" Galmroh said, snapping purple fingers in front of my face. I coughed and nodded. Seventeen eyes looked at me from the six people sitting around the campfire. Just as I had wished as fifty-year old Terry, I had gotten my time back. Zor'oah was a freshman in high school who finally got invited by the popular kids into a drug-fueled camping adventure. Three boys, three girls, and a lot of "*you can't blame me for that, I was high*". Galmroh and Sardak had already paired up, leaving me with Sierrah, the reason I had agreed to come. She now looked at me with sharp blue eyes, a small grin on her lips. Her purple hair had pink streaks across it that dangled off her head and curved into her chest like directions on where to direct your eyes. "So Zor'oah, how was it? Tell us all the things you did," she asked. "Bet you can't beat me," Galmroh said, his chest inflating with pride. "My first trip, I enslaved an entire race and forced them to build these stupid triangles." "At least he can't do as bad as Sardak's first trip. He was just a slave. At least he killed someone before his trip ended." Sierrah said. They turned to me again, waiting to hear of all my misdeeds. "I was a man named Terry," I muttered. "And um... I met this girl named Sarah." Sierrah's smile grew. "Sarah, eh? Tell us, what nasty things did you do to this *Sarah*?" Blood rushed to my face, burning it a deep violet. "I married her," I said. Galmroh choked on a breath. Sardak burst out laughing. The rest of the girls only furrowed their brows. "Yeah." I knew I should stop. I had spent an entire semester trying to join this circle and continuing the Life of Terry was social suicide. But someone had to know of that first kiss with Sarah, the look in her eye staring at our first child together, and the tears in Sherry's eyes when she told me her final goodbye. So I told them, my voice tinged with pride. At the end of my story, I was the only one smiling and my smile stretched from cheek to cheek. "Dude," Galmroh said, awe in his voice. "That was... super lame." Everybody burst into collective laughter. "You did even worse than me on my first trip!" Sardak howled. "You're such a wimp! Why are you even here?" I nodded to that one. "Yeah," I said, talking to myself. "Why am I here?" I pushed myself up and walked back toward my spaceship. Laughter followed me the entire way, but I didn't care. I opened the hatch of my spaceship and was just about to get in when I heard, "Zor'oah!" I turned to find Sierrah. She hunched over, panting, one of the buttons on her blouse undone. "Hey," she said, "you don't have to run. I mean, your trip was totally lame, but your next one'll be better. Plus"--she bit her bottom lip and her eyes grew big--"you don't want to be the only virgin in school, do you?" Beneath the starry sky, the silver luminescence of our twin moons, I recognized the glint in her eyes and for a single second, they were a brighter green than any emerald in the world. "Sorry," I told the most beautiful girl in my high school and slipped into my spaceship. "By the way, the trip wasn't lame." My engines roared to life and I flew off into the twilight. There were a trillion stars above me and I knew that around one of them, on one planet, was a girl with wild grassy eyes still clutching her grandpa's hand. There had to be. Tears filled my eyes as I flew back home. Fiction or not, it was the most real thing I had ever done. --- --- /r/jraywang for 5+ stories weekly and ~200 stories already written! 