
**Bob Gets a Job** "So...uh Bob. Nice to meet you." A random voice from the 7 Billion people in attendance stated, ending the silence since God's departure. "So, how'd you get this job?" The voice continued. Considering bob was middle aged, pudgy, unshaven and simply *looked* unemployed, the voice gave substance to the question all 7-billion people had been wondering. Bob, resembling a 7-11 clerk more than an all-seeing, all-knowing deity, thought about the question for a couple seconds before a slightly nasally voice responded: "My mom got it for me. She's been bugging me about getting a job for a few years now. She heard about this opening last week, and had some kind of vision for me to show up at this place at this time. Heh heh." He added a bit of a chuckle at the end to try to break through the tension of the audience. A new voice broke out of the audience and asked: "And you couldn't have changed your shirt?" Suddenly everyone's awareness was brought to the fact that Bob was wearing a cheeto-covered wife-beater, exposing his chest hair. "Yeah, I meant to do that. It's just that I was busy for the past few days and I had no clean clothes." No voices dared to probe further, but all 7 billion people began to look around at each other, searching for answers. Soon, a symphony of prayers began ringing out from the audience, catching Bob off guard: "Please let me get into college!" "Please let Britney be my girlfriend!" "Please help me to pass my class." The prayers began growing in volume and intensity as all 7 billion voices began clamoring for Bob's attention. "Whoa whoa whoa!" he responded to the multitude. "One at a time!" and with that announcement, a new and more intense volley of voices immediately surrounded Bob. "Okay, Shirley wants a new Mercedes. I can make that happen." and suddenly a new Mercedes appeared in the driveway of a woman by the name of Shirley in Detroit, Michigan. Everyone, noticing the swiftness that Bob now answered prayers began voicing their own concerns *even louder.* After performing a few more miracles (and about 15 minutes after he started) Bob began to lose interest in his new found career. Bob had access to God's powers, but also found entrance into God's man-cave, which is well equipped with pool-tables, Televisions, and a nice La-Z-Boy recliner. "Time for a break!" Bob thought in his head, but suddenly became aware that all 7-billion of his followers heard it, and they watched him settle into a La-Z-Boy and began eating Cheetos. An audible gasp was heard among all 7-Billion people as Bob sat in the La-Z-Boy and wiped his cheeto-fingers on his wife beater, only deepening the staining of his shirt. 