
*We are afraid.* It started many, many eons ago, long before even the Grand Spirit upheld his current reign, and the anarchy before then. So long ago that none can even point to a single event as its beginning. First, there were pillars of heat, strange gatherings of crackling orange and yellow like the great light above had been gathered here as tribute. The mobile life on Earth began to fall, at random, dead from strange foreign materials in their bodies. This death was largely ignored, as we have seen much death since our inception. Death is nature. That death continued for some time, and over centuries, the oddities spread to plant life. Things began to grow in clusters, an unnerving pattern assigned to once random and chaotic beauty that seemed too intentional and too sudden. The light gatherings grew in number, some roaring greater than others. It was then that our predecessors began to log information and start researching in what ways we could. After all, our effect on this environment is nothing, we are no more than ghosts wandering, air passing over the life here. Panic did not settle in until recently, once... the spreading began. What started as huts, odd little things made of clay and leaf or timber, became twisting stone. The stones changed through time, evolving, almost, until a blend was settled on that left little of the original materials intact. After that, a new material was sprung forth, something harder than stone, smooth as ice, and a grey not found in most natural things. We lost hope when the material, the coldrock, evolved further; it came alive. Like the evolution of sea life to land life, they took shape and motion, zipping and buzzing around on strange pathways paved through the centuries, destroying anything they came into contact with. They bred as fast as any other life we've seen. The coldrock pillars grew taller, and taller still, destroying so much life in their path. Our society was intertwined with them, a mangled mishmash of coldrock and our plane, impossible to live proper lives in our own homes. We were driven to the areas yet untouched, but those became increasingly sparse. How quickly it spread, never giving us a moment to settle. How quickly it evolved, into intricate beings, colossal and complex unlike any other life. Some were larger than the most massive lifeforms, aquatic or not, yet floated in water as if lighter than the breeze. Some developed abilities, to raze woodseas instantly or dig caverns in the dirt. Some pillars looked to reach for the great light above, nearly touching it with pointed limbs. Others even took to the air, heavier than a mountain yet barreling through sky with unmoving wings. Tributes to the great light above became terribly large, destroying anything in their radius. They changed, no longer a peaceful, crackling comfort, but an enraged power that engulfed anything near. So short-lived, yet releasing all their energy in one clamorous, murderous instant. A plague has taken this world, hardening nature into something twisted and terrible, mindless and violent. Soon, it will engulf us, too. We live in hiding, waiting for the day that we also become harder than stone. Greyer than thunderous skies, and overflowing with a wrath even thunderclap does not know. */r/resonatingfury* 