
Contrary to common belief, having a pet dragon can be quite stressful at times. If you lose sight of him, I will bet my heart and my sword that he will be standing at the edge of a cliff, seemingly doing nothing, until you arrive to take him back home. In that moment, holding your gaze with a defiant look, in a slow, almost glacial motion, he will push the castle next to him down the cliff. Although those actions cost me fortunes, it was a known and common behavior of dragons, of which I was more than aware since my gargantuan baby, Cattus, was a mere spark-spitting dragonling. What I didn't expect were his shenanigans when he reached his teenage years. In those times, he got offended quite easily, and sometimes for no reason at all. If I didn't pet him enough--and I must say, I petted him a lot--he would put me in his back, and take me flying far away to the core of the desert, where he would leave me, until I pretended to faint. Only then, and almost desperately, he would swoop down for the sky, lick me with its enormous, coarse tongue, and take me back home. Another thing I didn't expect was the amount of rebuilding of his bed I would have to make. See, Cattus liked his bed to be *tight* to the point where he had to fit *perfectly* when he was curled up, otherwise he would complain and wander the world seeking for somewhere where he would fit. But time passed, and both of us grew old, and with age came maturity and wisdom. The words came to him, and the first thing he did was apologize for the times he left me in the desert against my will, and the times he ignored me when I called him. Of course, I laughed at this. He was my pet, my best friend, and nothing in the world would make me hold any sort of rancor toward him. That time in our lives was full of conversations, some heavy as boulders, and some light as feathers. It was full of laughter, and it was full of remembrance. And it was in those times when I took what I thought would be the best decision of my life. People called it dumb, incoherent, dangerous to the kingdom. But they knew little about Cattus. He was wise, fierce, and when he disliked something he didn't shut his maw. He was the most powerful asset in the kingdom's army too. And so passing my crown to him seemed like the best thing to do. That day everything was joy and cheers. Although truth be told, it was clear in the faces of the people that their happiness was feigned due to how fearful they were of Cattus, but they would soon learn that dragons can be quite distant, but they have a heart larger and warmer than the sun. I wish I could have witnessed his ruling, but sooner or later the sand reaches the bottom of the hourglass. And so, with a smile, knowing I had left the kingdom in great talons, we rode toward the sunset. One last time. ------------------- r/NoahElowyn 