
I walk with Billy to the machine. He's this skinny guy who's always in a good mood, but, today, he is kind of pissed off. He doesn't want to go to the machine but I do. I'm a bigger guy prone to clumsiness. I need to know. The machine could tell me all of the times I narrowly avoided death. "It's expensive, a stupid waste of money. It probably doesn't work," says Billy. "People say that it does. Look, it might be good for a laugh or it might help to lose some weight, okay." "You're fine the way you are." "I'll pay your way too. You'll like it," I say encouraging him. "No way, screw that. I don't want to know." We come to the machine, a simple black box on the outside. There is a line. We wait in silence. I don't want him to use the machine, but I thought I would offer. We approach. It is nothing impressive so far. I pay my way and walk inside. I give a hair sample and a small blood sample. A helmet drops from the ceiling and a chair rises out of the floor. I sit down and put on the helmet. The video takes some time. There are dozens of near death instances. And, in every single one of them, Billy is present. A few times, he is caught red handed setting a trap. I can't believe it. The video ends. My hands shake as I take off the helmet. I miss the hook for the helmet and jump when the helmet crashes to the floor. I pick it up and put it back on the hook and walk out to where Billy waits. I breathe deep and look at him. He stares back at me. I start to calm down and pull out my wallet. I give him the money. "You need to go in there." "You know the truth now." "But you don't. Take it. See for yourself," I say. Billy looks at me like this is a trick. It's not. He takes the money and goes inside the box. I wait for him, hoping he doesn't come out fighting. In a few minutes, Billy emerges with a smile on his face. We step away from the crowd growing outside of the machine. "You son of a bitch. How many times have you tried to kill me?" He asks. "The same amount of times you tried to kill me." I smile and so does Billy. "So what now?" He asks. "I think we need a new target." "Agreed." *** If you enjoyed this, subscribe to my subreddit for free stories and giveaways: r/nickkuvaas. 