
"HEY JASON! THIS IS AMAZING! I FEEL AMAZING!" I shouted to my buddy. "THE BEST PART, IT IS NOT PAINFUL AT ALL!" "AHHHHHHHH!" replied Jason while he continued running down the streets. "JASON! I AM NOT JOKING. YOU SHOULD TRY THIS!" I am not willing to give up. He is my best buddy and I really do want him to feel as great as I feel. If only he could stop running for a minute, and maybe stop yelling a little, I will be able to convince him. "JASON! WILL YOU STOP RUNNING?!" "AHHH! Stop chasing after me! I wasn't the one that bite you!" "Of course I know that. I just want to tell you how great it felt!" "I don't want to die!!!" "You are not going to die! Look at me!" &#x200B; &#x200B; "Hey, why are you chasing him?" "Who is in my head?" A voice suddenly appeared in my head, asking me random questions. "I am right next to you. Why are you chasing him?" As reluctant as I am to lose sight of Jason, I turned my head to my left to find that there are a few other zombies running along with me. I turned my head to my right and there are a few others running together. There was a whole crowd of them behind me. As I look at all of them, I started to feel rather conscious about myself. They looked scary as they run, with some of them looking as if they were about to topple anytime, while the others hop along with a limp. Some of them were covered in blood and chucks were missing from their faces. I must have looked extremely scary chasing after Jason looking like that. "Hello?" "Welcome to the club." Said another. "Why were you chasing after him?" "He is my best buddy and I want to let him know how great this feels!" "But you can no longer speak. All that is able to come out of your mouth right now are roars." "But this is so awesome! Never in my lifetime can I run fifteen minutes nonstop and not feel out of breath at all. I want him to feel the same way too." "That's alright. We want to share this great feeling with him too. We will help you stop him." As my new found companions finished talking, some of them raced forward in attempt to help me stop him. A few of them got distracted by the stray dog nearby but the rest of them are closing up on him. They were yelling at him, asking him to stop so that we can share this feeling. There were really only roars that come out of them. If only we can communicate telepathically with Jason too. But before we were able to communicate with him, he found an abandoned car and sped off. We could no longer catch up with him. "No worries. I am sure he will know about it someday." Someone from the crowd comforted me. We rested for a while and spent some time knowing each other. Everything felt so amazing that I was not even bothered by the gory appearance of the others anymore. "Hey look, there is a girl sneaking behind the car!" One of the zombies whispered and the rest of us turned towards the direction that he was looking at. "Hey, let's share this great feeling with her!" "Yeah! Let's!" And all of us begin running towards the girl in the near distance. "Hey there, we mean no harm!" I tried to calm her down a little as she begin to run. "No words will come out. Remember?" "Oh yeah. I have lost Jason. I am not going to let this girl lose the chance to such enjoyment too!" 