
Death's lawyer wears a suit. I don't know why that surprised me. I guess I expected a robe; head honcho and his henchmen all dressed alike. "One thing," he said to me with the bored demeanor of every other lawyer I had ever met. I wondered if he got paid more on Earth or here. Did he take his payment in souls or was that his Earth currency? "Skill, lesson, or memory." "What happens to the rest?" He shrugged. "Gone." "Everything?" He looked at me over thin glasses as if I was a defective soul, one of those that got a little knocked up on the way over and could now barely string a coherent sentence together. "Gone," I repeated to myself, staring off into nothingness. It was weird, after so much time on Earth, I had never really experienced nothing at all. But that's all there was beyond his desk; the absence of life and the absence of anything to see at all. "Is that negotiable?" Worth a shot, right? What was the worst that could happen? Eternal damnation? He ignored me until I cleared my throat. "No," he snapped irritably. "Unless you want to negotiate to get nothing, in which case I can just shred the papers." "No, I'll decide." Skills. A lifetime of honing a set of very particular skills that, according to my daughter, made me the number one dad. Would I be the same if I began again? Lessons. Another lifetime's worth, this one collected. Things my parents had taught me. Humility and measured pride. Perseverance and patience. I would still be me, right? Those things would come right back to me. Memories. I sighed. Where would I even start? The day Lily was born was the happiest day of my life, but seeing my wife from that angle - OK, next memory. The day I got married? Lily wouldn't be there. Next. The lawyer checked his watch. I wondered what the rush was - I had nowhere else to be. "I've decided," I said abruptly. I think I caught him drifting off to sleep - the normal kind, not the eternal one - and he sat up sharply in his seat. "Can you access all my memories?" "No, just the one of you dying." He didn't smile. I didn't smile. We sat in awkward silence. "Of course I can access every memory. Why would a memory be an option otherwise?" I shrugged. "Just wondering, sheesh. Can I see them? I can't remember which one I want." He glowered at me, as if he had heard every trick in the book. He probably had, actually, depending on how long he had been there. "They're sorted by people present. Pick a person." "Mom." Behind him, millions of memories of my mom appeared. The kitchen of the house where I grew up. The screendoor slamming behind me as I chased Rufus chasing a squirrel. Her shedding a tear the day I graduated middle school; her shedding a hundred tears the day I graduated college. Snippets; fractions of a second to glimpse what had once been. "Next person?" "Dad." I saw them all again. I smiled, wide enough for both me and the exceedingly grumpy lawyer. "Next?" "Lily." Half of the memories disappeared. My childhood was gone. Their deathbeds faded into the darkness. The lawyer checked his watch again. "Would you mind hurrying? It's almost my break. I've been here for years. Who's next?" "Mel." My wife. My committed, beautiful wife. More memories disappeared, leaving only the cross-section of our existences. There it was. I knew which one. I didn't tell him. I wanted to keep seeing them. I listed off another name, starting broad and narrowing it down until only a dozen or so memories remained, each one large now to fill the available emptiness. "Decide, please," Death's lawyer begged me. "It can't possibly be this hard." "That one," I said finally, pointing at the party celebrating Lily's birth. She wasn't really her, not the way she would eventually be, but she was there. Cute and innocent, untouched by life's toxic hand. Mom was there and so was dad. Mel was there, cradling Lily with a smile so wide that her cheeks hurt that night. "Finally," the lawyer grumbled, jotting something down on the paper and turning it towards me to sign. I scribbled a signature with his pen made of bone. "Good luck and good riddance," he said, waving me off into the afterlife. I awoke in a foreign body and smiled, basking in the memory painted so vividly in my mind. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 