
6 years passed, her vitals remained normal for nearly the entire coma. I remember counting the days each time I visited her room (2,267, if you were wondering), every time I saw her motionless body was another punch to the gut. Walking through the hospital door reminded me of the car crash, I was only 17, *how was I supposed to know the guy behind us was drunk?* I still remember the day Emily woke up, it was unusually cold for September. I stood outside of the hospital, stopping to watch the brown leaves blow by as I stroked my bearded chin nervously. Determined to see my sister before I left Richmond, I entered the hospital. Nurses were rushing around as normal, the usual buzz. Checking in at the front desk, I made small talk with the staff. After so many visits I gradually became friends with the employees. Linda was usually at the front desk, if not it was Anna sitting behind the computer. Regardless, I found her room; 029. Reaching for the doorknob, I hesitated. Just another day. Just another step closer until she wakes up- *I hope.* Moving the door open, I tiptoed to her bedside, gently shutting the door behind me. The doctors told us that patients in a coma can still hear everything around them, so I did what I could to cope, I tried making conversations with my unresponsive sister. Scanning the room, I found that nothing had changed. The room was still a jumbled mess of IT's and cabinets, accompanied by technology I couldn't begin to understand. Suddenly I heard a grunt, startling me. I thought the impossible was happening, I thought I saw Emily's eyes open. Shaking my head I looked again, and began to cry. Emily was straining her eyes, confused as she looked at her newfound surroundings. "W....whe..where am I?" Sniffling I sat back down in the chair beside her bed. "Emily. I need you to liste-" "W-who are you?" Pausing for a moment it struck me. It really had been six whole years. "You've been... well, you've been gone a long time, so you're going to see a lot of things you won't understand." "...I dont get it. What happened? What day is it? Aren't I missing school right now?" "There was an accident. A car crash, to be specific. You've been in a coma ever since. " "What? That doesn't make sense, wouldn't I be hurt if I was in a crash? Why does my chest feel heavy?" As I spoke Emily froze in horror. Every word that came out of my mouth felt like someone ripping a bandaid off the hole in my heart. The hole where Emily used to be. It was time for that hole to heal. "We're in the year 2018. You've been asleep for 6 years." Emily stood still, processing everything I had just said. She looked back at me like I was a stranger, tears welling up in her eyes. "No... how.. no! That can't be possible, where is my brother?" "He's right here." 