
The Club, the most notorious den of spell-craft and wizardry in the entire kingdom. Only the truly skilled and most gifted spell casters would dare step foot inside its illustrious walls. Except, Tito who worked in the kitchen as a dishwasher. "Hurry up, Tito. We got a packed house and you're falling behind. Like usual," Danero dropped a stack of plates and silverware into the soaking tub throwing suds over Tito's clothes. "Yeah, yeah," Tito said quietly and began working the stuck on grime and food off of the metal plates. They had stopped using glassware and porcelain due to them being destroyed almost every night. Tito could feel the bass vibrating through his feet and he could feel the crowd moving to the music. Soon the real show would begin, and Tito would be back here, scrubbing dishes. Danero pushed through the kitchen door into the club proper. Tito caught a glimpse of men and women gyrating to the music. The crowd was more energetic than normal, because they were here to see El Diablo. The fastest, most lyrical wizard the world had ever seen. He was undefeated and tonight he would defend his honor against a young upstart named Ice. The bass faded to a quiet rumble as the MC took the stage. Tito snuck out of the kitchen and pressed himself against the wall to watch. "It's the time you've all been waiting for. Coming to you straight from the streets is a new name you may have heard of. Colder than a blizzard, chiller than winter, ICE!" The MC bellowed. The crowd cheered as the young man sauntered onto the stage. He grabbed his crotch and threw up his hand in an offensive salute. "And the champ. Hotter than the devil himself, the epitome of fire, El Diablo!" The Club shook with the thunderous roar of the crowd. El Diablo was young, covered from his neck to his waist in magical glyphs. He cut an imposing figure against his younger smaller opponent. "The rules are as follows, only one man walks out of this arena alive. Challenger goes first." The MC ducked out of the way clearing the stage for the two men. Ice stepped forward, puffed his chest out and took a deep breath. He broke into verse so fast the crowd was stunned into silence. Spells flew from his lips and began to manifest on top of each other. A fireball, a bolt of ice, a small tornado blasted forth from the man. El Diablo didn't flinch. He began to speak, his tongue hitting each syllable with frightening accuracy. He threw up a shield which absorbed the fireball, dispelled the tornado, and threw a wall of fire which melted the bolt of ice. Ice staggered backward, there was no way anyone could have stopped all three of his spells that quickly. "Now it's my turn," El Diablo grinned. His words tumbled over each other, words began to blend starting before another was even finished. It was like the man was speaking with two separate voices, each one casting spells simultaneously. Ice's eyes went wide with the realization that his opponent wasn't a man. He was something worse, something far, far worse. He defended himself against the first volley of spells thrown his way, but they were coming too quickly. Ice's body began to glow a deep crimson as a wicked smile crept across El Diablo's face. Heat spread through Ice's veins like molten lead, he felt blood vessels rupture from the intense heat. "What are you doing?" he wailed. El Diablo spoke one more word with finality. Ice's flesh blackened and split like an over cooked sausage and then he ruptured. Charred organs spilled across the stage as parts of his body collapsed into ash. The crowd burst cheers. El Diablo never disappointed. He bowed to his fans and stepped off of the stage. His cold gaze swept through the crowd as if he were searching for something, or someone. Finally El Diablo's eyes focused on what he was looking. Tito was pressing through the kitchen door to return to the dishes he was neglecting when a hand fell on his shoulder. "May I have a word with you?" A quiet voice asked. Tito turned and his throat seized. He was staring at El Diablo himself. He nodded numbly. "Do you like washing dishes, Tito?" "No," Tito squeaked out. "I need an apprentice. And there is something about you, Tito. Something you don't even understand yet. What do you say?" Tito tore his apron off and threw it to the floor. --- [PART 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Written4Reddit/comments/8b9rwg/wp_in_a_world_of_spoken_spells_the_most_dangerous/) 