
At Jermantown High School, there is a boy with quiet eyes. He sits in the back of classrooms, alternating between sleeping and taking notes, and has nearly mastered invisibility in a world where superpowers are nothing more than playtime dreams. Those who do see Damian forget about him outside of the moment of meeting. He often wonders, *do I really exist if no one cares that I'm here?* It's a hard question to answer. He's in tenth grade, on his way to English class, a drop in the river of bodies pushing down a hallway. Damian trips over his feet, and stumbles into a tall kid, the one on the football team--what position was it again? Quarterback? It didn't matter. The bigger kid knocks Damian flat on his ass, bowling a few others in the hallway over. They're not mad at the quarterback, they're mad at Damian. They don't even know his name. In that moment, he's literally just a nuisance. A frustrating story with no identity attached to it some girl will tell her friends later. He scurries to his classroom. A bad day gets worse when Ms. Stein tells the class, "I hope you've prepared your presentations. We'll go alphabetically by last name." Shit. Why did his mother have to name him Damien Christopher? Not only is it stupid to have two first names, but he always draws the short end of the stick in those types of situations. He panics and scribbles in a notebook to prepare. *What's my favorite poem?*, he wonders, and goes with the first one that comes to mind. A round of applause. His name is called. His heart sinks, his breaths are heavy, and he feels faint. Sick, almost. People are looking at him. They see him. They don't like what they see. They don't see the real him. Who are they? Who is he? Someone coughs a word. "Loser." The crowd stifles laughs. Ms. Stein sighs, but clearly doesn't want to bother with it, and asks Damian to proceed. He just wants to run away and never look back--he wasn't learning that much in school, anyway. "What was your poem?" the teacher asks. What was it? He can't remember. He looks down to his notebook--it isn't there. He left it at his desk. Why did he struggle so much with simple things? Damian stammers. "Uh, I--well. . ." The class is giggling. He sees the guy who shoved him in the hall--since when were they in the same class? The kid is staring at him, smiling. It's a hungry, knowing smile. He claps. "That was so good. Give it up for Crackerjack, everyone." Everyone giggles again, some also clapping. The teacher can't shush them, and he runs out, forgetting his bag. He goes home and posts on an internet forum about how much he hates his life. Everyone calls him a bitch, or tells him to get help. He doesn't want help. Who would help, anyway? He hears his dad drunk in the living room again, yelling at something. He's not exactly a shoulder to lean on. Through waterspots, Damian evaluates his own face in the mirror--what does everyone else see? Probably a quiet, maybe redneck boy, a loser devoid of emotions. But when he looks at himself, he sees the wrath. He sees the tears, and the bright red flush, and the broken image after he punches the glass a few times. The next day, he's not invisible anymore. Someone shouts "Read me a poem, Crackerjack" while he's walking to Algebra--his superpowers are gone. It's fine. Nothing matters anymore. He sees the quarterback, or whatever, in the hall again. Damian tries to ignore him, but there's nowhere to hide. The quarterback sees Damian and laughs, but that's not what Damian is focusing on anymore. There's someone behind him, another boy he doesn't recognize. The boy's face is one Damian has been forced to look at for years; a tumbling mix of anger, pain, and hatred that's been brewing inside him, the same one he saw shattered in the mirror the night before. His eyes are searing with a confused hurt that very few know. Damian thinks, for a moment, that he may have finally found someone that understands him. A friend, perhaps, but something uneasy sinks in and a chill runs down his spine. Seeing that twisted wrath on someone else's face. . . it's terrifying. Something clicks. Everybody runs. --- */r/resonatingfury* I was worried the story would be a bit much but thankfully it seems the message was not misconstrued. I feel that as a writer it's important not to overlook the issues that pain our society. 