
*Squeak squeak* *Bounce bounce* "Contact!" cried Sgt. Marquez, followed by rapid bursts of rifle fire. "Don't let those fluffy little fuckers get close to you!" The men of his squad unloaded their mags into the oncoming hoard. A cloud of fluffy cotton candy filled the narrow corridor. "Blub blub," something close to a baby voice said above Marquez. "I am Duck - quack!" "Oh, hell no!" the man screamed and rolled away in the last second. The tiny creature landed on Private Jackson's shoulder and nibbled on his ear. The soldier's clenched cheek and resolute look melted in an instant. "Aww," Jackson said and dropped his weapon. Sgt. Marquez swallowed and pulled the trigger. Jackson's head exploded in a fountain of brain sap and skull fragments. "For your own good," Marquez said and turned his attention toward the end of the corridor where a massive steel door was crumbling under the weight of something massive - or worse, another hoard of mini-squealers. The last of his men were valiantly trying to hold off the tidal wave of tiny creatures running happily into the gunfire. A chorus of meows, quacks, giggles, and beep boops came from the end of the corridor. "Sir, we can't do this for much longer!" "Stand your ground, soldier," Marquez barked, tossing his rifle to the side. His last bullet had been for Private Jackson. Solemnly, he pulled out his combat blade and his handgun and broke formation. "NEVER SURRENDER!" he screamed and charged headfirst into the onslaught. *** "We've lost contact with Victory III." The voice of the communications officer echoed across the flagship's bridge. "Still no response from Shield of Terra and Fear VII." The admiral stopped petting Lt. Whiskers and touched his goatee, the corners of his mouth dropping. "How did they even get on the ships? Our protocol is to shoot on sight. We've conquered half of the galaxy this way - the key is to never engage anyone in diplomatic discourse. Shoot first so that nobody can ask questions." "From what I understand, infiltrators, sir." "What, how?!" The Admiral jammed his hand into the strategy board, sending miniature ships and space stations flying everywhere. "How did they even get on board?" "I don't know, sir." The communications officer's face was contrite, but then he a strange look crossed his face. "W-we've got a message from Victory III. It appears to be human." "Put it through." *"This is Sgt. Marquez..."* the raspy voice of someone drained of all their energy said through the speakers of the flagship. *"They've played us all along... even before we left Earth... kill the..."* The message cut off, and the admiral felt the tongue of his cat licking his hand. Marquez had clearly lost his mind. "Full speed ahead," the admiral said. "We're going to show those fluffy critters what steel and pain are all about." He turned to Lt. Whiskers. "Oh, yes we are, aren't we, pretty? Yes, we are. *Oh, yes we are*!" 