
Jake leaned gingerly out and peered down into the pit. "Yeah..." he said. "This is definitely going to have to go." He scribbled a few notes on his clipboard. "That's thirty-two code violations so far, and we haven't even gotten to the basement." Belgaz crossed his arms and frowned. "I really don't see why any of this is necessary." Squeezing past him, Jake emerged from the tunnel and dusted himself off. He pointed to the ceiling of the antechamber. "You're going to have to change this too." "Change what?" "The ceiling. I'd have to measure, but it looks at least six inches too low." Stepping across the room, a pressure plate depressed in the floor and a hail of darts flashed through the air. Jake took a quick step back and watched them pass, clattering against the opposite wall. "Mmhmm," he said, kneeling down. He reached into his back pocket and got out a ruler, measuring the depression in the floor. "Someone could trip on this, you know." Belgaz dusted off his cloak and brushed a cobweb from his horns. "I don't understand. We've never had to worry about any of this before." The measuring tape slid back into its spool with a metallic click. "I know how you feel," Jake said, standing up. "It's always a pain to remodel, and these old dungeons are always a mess. I'm not going to cite you today, but you're going to have to bring this place up to the new standards." He tore a slip of paper off the clipboard and handed it over. Belgaz stared at it for a moment before crushing the paper in his claws. "This is outrageous. I spoke to the abyssal counsel six weeks ago. I'm supposed to be grandfathered in. Their representative assured me--" "I'm just an inspector," Jake said, interrupting him. "As far as I know, only the dungeons from the first through the fifth epoch are exempt from the new regulations. The statute doesn't say anything about the sixth. Even if it did, I'm not sure you'd qualify for the exemption, at least not in the eyes of the Otherworld Safety and Health Administration." Belgaz's eyes blazed. "Why not?" Jake pulled a smart phone out of his pocket and tapped in a quick search. "Here it is," he said. "Tombs, vaults, caverns, dungeons and other crawls exceeding four thousand years in age shall be exempt." "There!" Belgaz said. "You just read it. The sixth epoch." "...provided that the net value of all treasures, artifacts, and miscellaneous magic contained within exceeds five-hundred thousand gold pieces, or produces records detailing the demise of not less than twelve adventuring parties per week, or at least two hundred in one month of the preceding fiscal year." Jake put his phone away. "Now, I've taken a look at your statements, and your financials are well below those figures." Belgaz grumbled and looked away. "Blood Keep's been having a slow year. Traffic is down since they put in the highway." Jake put a hand on the demon's shoulder. "Look, I understand. The world is changing. Farms and cities are on the rise, and people just don't adventure like they used to. We all have to adapt. Have you thought about escape rooms?" Belgaz lifted an eyebrow. "What?" "Yeah," Jake said, heading back up the corridor to the great hall. A blueprint of the keep was laid out on the table. "You could fit, ten... maybe even twenty of them in a place like this." "What is an escape room?" "They're like obstacle courses. You stick people inside and they have to solve puzzles to get out." "And then you kill them?" Belgaz asked. Jake gave the demon a pitying smile. "No," he said. "You let them go. Blood keep might not be wealthy, by historical standards, but you could still manage a hefty prize pool. I bet you'd get all kinds of traffic: a little foot work, some word of mouth, a little advertising..." "Advertising?!" Belgaz snarled. "Blood Keep was the site of not one, not two, but THREE greater devil invocations. We do not advertise!" "Suit yourself," Jake said. "But unless you get this place up to code, the Nine Hells are going to shut you down." Fire burned deep in Belgaz's chest. A year ago, he would have incinerated the man on the spot, but doing so now would only bring the ire of the counsel even more hotly to his doorstep. "What else needs to change," he growled. Jake smiled brightly and adjusted his name tag. "That's the evil spirit," he said, flipping over a fresh sheet on his clipboard. "Let's take a look at that basement." Belgaz hung his shoulders and pointed down a flight of steps. "It's this way." Jake made a quick note on his clipboard and said, "Don't worry. We'll get this place sorted out; then we can talk about merchandising." The demon's heart sank as they descended the staircase. He'd been a dungeon master for forty centuries, but this was the first time he'd ever come face to face with evil. 