
David Foll's life was marked by routine. The routine of sleeping away most of the day, an hour of cardio as dusk fell, then the diligent trek to whichever bar had booked him that night, where he would play the piano till closing, help with clean-up if it was needed. Then, repeat. Repeat and repeat. A blip in that endless cycle came when he slipped out through the back door of a pub one July evening, the last few notes of his set still reverberating in the confines of his head. A girl stood alone in the dimness, wound up tighter than a set of springs, almost bouncing on the soles of her feet. A mugger? No, she looked too... unguarded. A patron, perhaps? No, the entrance was on the other side, and besides, it was after-hours. "I'm so excited to meet you! I assure you, I'm not crazy or anything. I just... wanted to tell you how much I loved your music!" A... fan? "Um, oh, yes, thank you, I suppose." David rarely spoke to anyone else, and his lack of practice was evident. After all, what was there to be said most of the time? He didn't need directions, he could handle his appointments through email, and he had little need to form connections. It wasn't possible for him, anyway. "Yes, I think... I think I remember you from earlier. You were at the... barstools? Came in a little after ten? Two whiskeys?" "You're more observant than I thought!" She stuck out her hand, and David shifted his backpack to return the gesture. "My friends call me Emmie!" "Nice... to meet you Emmie. I'm David. I hope you come to listen to my music again. Good night." "No, wait! I haven't... David, right? Listen, I just wanted to say... Your vocalizations at the end, the accompaniment to that last song of yours... That was... Sublime! Perfect! Awesome!" David managed an embarrassed laugh, and a flash of adrenaline coursed through him. Not everyone liked the wordless swoonings which capped his performances. Some of the venues he played at expressly banned them, telling him that he was ruining the mood with his 'incomprehensible grunting'. He supposed there were times he was carried away in the moment, fallible, mortal creature that he was, and he would pour a quart more emotion into it than he had planned to. He had thought tonight was safe for him to let loose slightly - there were hardly any customers left anyway. What luck then, that this Emmie heard them. "Oh, thank you, I guess," he said. "No one's ever told me they appreciated those improvisations before. But I... I must be going. If you're wondering, I'll be here again next week, if you want to hear me again. Thank you for the support." David pressed forward, expecting Emmie to step aside. It wasn't that he was really in a rush, it was just that he wanted to leave before his limited understanding of human interaction ran out. He stopped when he came up against Emmie's hand, pressed against his chest. She spoke then, with the same beat, the same rhythm that he had employed, somehow translating his lyrics into words which other humans understood. *Home hangs in the sky* *A teardrop of silver amongst the stars* *Flashing, beckoning, singing to me* *I cannot return yet, but soon I shall* David only realised he had crumpled onto the ground when Emmie propped him back up, then lightly tapped his cheeks. "You alright? I didn't mean to... startle you like that. I just wanted to let you know I heard you." "Where... how did you know what I was saying?" "An intuition... a gift. I understand most other languages, even ones I haven't studied or learned before." "So... Does that mean that you know..." Emmie shook her head. "If you are asking whether I know the solution to your troubles, then no. I have no understanding of science, really. I can't even fix a leaky faucet, much less help with your ship." "How did you know..." Emmie fished around in her pockets, then held out a slip of paper to him. "I've only ever heard your language once before. A painter, mumbling to herself as she brought to life landscapes I have never seen before. But always of the same theme - shipwrecks, marooned sailors, a deep longing to return. That's where she is most days. I suppose if you could find others like yourself, you could... Work something out?" David gripped the note harder than he intended. The tears made it hard to see. For so long, so long he had thought he was alone, a stranger amongst a sea of similar but ultimately dissimilar faces. He never thought that there would be others. "Thank you," he said, as he hugged Emmie. It seemed appropriate. "I hope you find your way home," she replied, but in his tongue this time. --- /r/rarelyfunny 