
Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk walked into a bar. Beautiful nature paintings lined the walls. The lights were dim and the patrons rowdy, but at least they served motor oil. Alien robots ran on motor oil. "So, Zuckerberg!" Musk said, taking a swig. "Looks like we're in a meme prompt again." "Looks like it," Zuckerberg said, black viscous liquid seeping down the sides of his mouth. "Aliens sent me here," Musk confessed. "Same, same." "It's always aliens, isn't it?" "Aliens or AI." Zuckerberg leaned back, stretching over the bar stool. "In our case, aliens and AI." "True enough." Musk sighed heavily and waved over the bartender. "Another round please." The bartender had a fuzzy brown afro and dried paint splashed over his fingers and arms. He nodded at the two robot gentlemen and poured them each another shot. "Thanks Mr. Ross," Zuckerberg said and downed it. "How's Mr. Ramsay doing in the kitchen? I thought he finally quit, but I saw him just now on my way in. You both have been getting a bit less attention lately, right?" "IT'S F***ING RAW!" Came an angry voice from the kitchen. "YOU'RE AN IDIOT-SANDWICH!" The three men at the bar exchanged concerned looks. Nodding solemnly at each other. "He's taking it hard, isn't he?" Musk said quietly. "Resorting to overused catchphrases for attention..." "That's what they want, though," Zuckerberg said, licking the last of the oil out of his glass with his long reptilian tongue. "He's been sad lately, but I heard he got a new gig this morning." The bartender filled up their cups again. "Oh, yeah? What's it about?" Musk said. "Oh, let me guess... is it aliens?" "It's Aliens," the two others confirmed. "Of course..." "Hold up," Bob Ross cut in. "It seems like... the mods just removed his prompt." "Poor guy..." Zuckerberg and Musk mumbled in unison. The three men sat in silence, idly watching Death, in his flowing black cloak and scythe, putting the Devil in checkmate on the other side of the bar. "So what about our prompt?" Zuckerberg finally said. "What about it?" "We're supposed to be sent here to advance slash hinder humanity." "That's what it says?" Musk said, peering at his contract. "Mhm..." Zuckerberg said and downed his fifth shot of the night. A group of detectives, all dressed as mafias, suddenly pulled out their badges, pointing their guns at each other. Another group (possibly roommates), all looked up in mild surprise. Their tentacles and extra eyes poorly hidden under layers of makeup and ragged wigs. They then watched each other's reactions suspiciously. "You wanna hinder humanity in this one, Elon?" Zuckerberg said, ignoring the ruckus. "That's what they expect, though." Musk shrugged, rolling his eyes. "I'm the good guy, you're the bad: switching roles *hilarious*!" "So, what then?" "Honestly? How about we both hinder humanity?" Musk said. "I mean... if these are the prompts they come up with, do they really need hindering?" "Touche." Zuckerberg scratched his head. "So we both help humanity then? That would be a twist, I guess?" "Yeah, but it would not follow the prompt. You know what happens when you don't follow the prompt." Zuckerberg sighed again, and put his fingers up, doing air quotes. "*Ehm**, excuse me, but* *this doesn't follow the prompt**!*" Musk rolled his eyes again, wagging his finger. "*Uh-uh! Gotta follow the recipe*!" "All right, let's just get this over with." Zuckerberg's eyes suddenly glowed red. He tapped a few times on his phone. "I just collected and sold personal information of millions of people. This will set 'em back." "*Beep boop*." Musk's eyes turned blue. "Falcon Heavy just launched for Mars." "Think your alien masters will be pleased?" Zuckerberg smirked and held up his shot glass. "Totally," Musk said, winking. He clinked Zuckerberg's glass and they both drank. 