
A tramp chucked another empty down the alley, it came to a halt next to the others. He promptly opened the next one, a familiar sound, followed by the calming scent and the first, fresh swig. Across town, corks shot up and hit the ceiling of Pasture, the hot new bar hosting its opening party. Down the road the regulars sat enjoying their ale and silence at the Prancing Pony. Further out of town; families, couples and loners lounged on their sofas, unwinding with their tipples of choice. Across the world the story was the same, people enjoying their drinks, some from time to time, some habitually, but all ultimately reliant to an extent on the short-term patch to their long-term problems. Just outside of the atmosphere, and occupying a different plane of existence entirely, species from around the galaxy were expectantly gathered awaiting 10PM PST and the start of the US West Coast C2H6O: A Planet Addicted. The shows offered round the clock raucous entertainment. After the horror of first discovering that Earths most advanced species had effectively enslaved themselves to base chemical addictions the galactic media companies had been quick to capitalise. The planet was cordoned off and declared a no travel zone, observation stations were set up. Viewers were encouraged to watch to highlight the dangers of alcohol: fighting, sickness, addiction. Some would argue the shows were cruel, that Earth humans should be helped, but most were happy enough to enjoy suffering of others for their own light entertainment under the guise of education. The real selling point was the unpredictability, you could be honed in watching a ridiculous dance off when all of a sudden vomit is heaved everywhere; a great signal for more shots and more debauchery. Another night you could be observing an amorous couple, right as things are about to get interesting a huge row kicks off out of nowhere. Unfortunately, and inevitably the fighting brought most viewers, from brawls to riots to a good old-fashioned kicking. And there were always the darker types who enjoyed the slower, long term crushing disappointment of the spiral into alcoholism. But now, an alarming trend is becoming popular. It is a mirror of the questionable fashion spreading from Earths own reality TV shows across the idolising human populations. Viewers are actually taking trips to Earth to try alcohol themselves and the results, of course, can be devastating. As more viewers fall afoul of their curiosity the black market in Earth Alcohol experiences is exploding. Cases are even being reported of smugglers bringing alcohol off Earth to enjoy a tipple of their own choice while watching the shitshow that is a planet addicted. 