
(I'm writing on mobile, so this might be a bit choppy...) It's funny, in a twisted sense... Just last week, I was thinking about how it would feel if your mind suddenly split into two consciences. Would one of us be aware of what the other was thinking? Would we have the same thought patterns? Could we still be called the same person? What would the separation feel like? Now I'm floating in a jar with all the answers. No, yes, maybe, and painless, respectively. I can't see, but I can hear sound and feel the warmth of the liquid around me. Of course it's warm. I apparently have been living inside the skull of a man for god knows how long. Maybe since birth. Maybe only a couple years. Who knows. The man who I thought I was up until twelve hours ago, Spencer, is sitting in the same room talking to somebody who I assume is a doctor. We went into a clinic for what we assumed was a brain tumor surgery, but then they pulled me out. Or at least that's what I hear happened. Last thing I remember is counting backwards from ten before waking up in a jar. And then proceeding to freak out. At any rate, one thing led to another, some phone calls were made, and now the government's involved. Honestly, I wouldn't be surprised if they kill me and then cut me open. I drown myself in my morbid brooding as I float in my container... not paying any attention to the rather intense conversation happening outside. ***** &nbsp; "-But sir, this thing is a parasite! It feeds off of the nutrition in your blood stream and it-" "I don't care. Your not putting it- *ME*, down." "But again, mister Spencer, it's a para-" "And stop throwing that word around. He is not a parasite." "But sir, it is one!" "No, a parasite implies that he only feeds off of me and gives me nothing in return. I've seen the reports. Higher IQ, faster reaction time, more acute sensitivity, heightened brain activity. He is a symbiotic organism. I refuse to let you kill him." "Sir, that Data is preliminary. We don't know yet the full extent of what this organism is capable of." "I don't care. The data shows that he is a sentient being. He hasn't been a threat to me however long we have been together. In fact, I want you to put him back in." EDIT: its late, imma finish this in the morning. 