
He was cute. Too cute, in retrospect; I should have seen the signs. But I am human, mostly, and my brain likes to ignore the Should-Be-Obvious in favor of the Maybe-We-Could. Especially when it's been a while. Which it had. So I showed up in my favorite get-lucky outfit after spending twice my usual going-out time in front of the mirror, and I flirted and I laughed at his jokes, which were actually pretty good. Very confident and rehearsed, actually, another sign I blundered on past, hoping. When someone's really into you and it's the first date, they tend to be nervous and their jokes tend to be goofy or at least unpolished, and you laugh because, well, you're into *them*, not really the jokes. This guy? He was putting on a big show of being real into me. Meaning he wasn't really. But at the time, I was riding high on hope and his really gorgeous eyes and the way his smile drew perfect folds and lines in the rest of his sculpted face, even though the smile and the eyes never really met, you know? Signs. I didn't let him kiss me, or rather I sent signs of my own that said, "maybe, probably even, but not just now." And he picked up on them, because he picked up on everything. Almost everything, anyway, he didn't pick up on the holdout pistol I had strapped just under my bra, hidden by the billowy part of my favorite top. (It's my favorite for multiple reasons.) So when I first stepped into his no doubt well-insulated apartment and saw his choice of wallpaper, felt the humming hemming-in effect of my own face staring at me from every direction, I went for the weapon. Fortunately the attractive overconfident bastard had his back to me as he strode over to retrieve something from an entry table drawer. "Done your research," I told him as he turned around with that stupid handsome confident grin and also a very large knife. "You're gonna want to drop that." His eyes locked onto the gun and the grin froze, then slowly drooped at the edges. "No, you drop yours. You have no power here. I confront you with the sight of your own--" I shot him in the gut. He let out an honestly kind of comical gasp of total surprise. Comical first of all because he was obviously an asshole, and bad things happening to bad people is almost always funnier. Second because come on, I was pointing a gun at you, it's not like this should be all that unexpected. I guess he thought the pictures would stop me from doing *anything* rather than just suppress my powers. "Drop the knife," I said again, keeping my voice almost casual. You don't have to try for menace when you're holding a gun you've already shot them with once. He did, and dropped himself to his knees. "That's better," I said. "I didn't want to have to kill you and have a corpse on my hand. I'm not very hungry after that big dinner." The look of horror on his face made me cackle, and then I saw how it was mixed with his clearly excruciating pain and felt a little bad. He was an asshole and Mom wasn't a very nice fey Dad sometimes said I took after her when he was really annoyed and struggling with being a single parent but I'm not heartless, you know? "We're not cannibalistic," I told him. "I think Mom lived on mostly mushrooms, and anyway I'm only half. But, given your charming decor here, I'm guessing you already knew most of that." "You shot me," he said through gritted teeth. "I thought you were supposed to be..." he trailed off as blood made his words increasingly frothy. "I did," I said, kind of gently because even though he had it coming, this level of pain was hard to watch. "And yeah, my powers are being suppressed, but, uh, even if I were a full-blood fey it wouldn't actually *neutralize*me. Don't need powers to pull a gun." He gurgled for a bit, then coughed. "Yeah, I...noticed." His eyes kept tending toward the door behind me. "Gods *damn* it," I said, and shot him between the eyes, then whirled to cover the door. Three rounds left in my little pistol. I walked slowly forward. No movement, no rattling doorknob. I reached it, tried it. Locked. Of course. Couldn't have me making a run for it. Deadbolt must have gone in automatically; it had a keyhole instead of a knob. *Shit.* I backed up slowly, grimaced at the faces, at *my* face, everywhere I looked. Even papered all over the damn door I was trying to get through. The effect of them sat between me and my powers like a wide fuzzy wall, made everything uneasy and slightly grey, drained of the extra-vibrant colors included in my usual perception. I reached the corpse after what felt like a thousand years of awkward backward crab-walk, fumbled through the pockets of what I tried very hard not to think of as a corpse. There. Keys. I jumped up and ran toward the door, slammed the key home on the third shaky try, turned it, yanked the door open... ...and stood face-to-face with two big men, knives drawn, the surprise on their faces mirroring what must be on my own. <continued below> 