
"I need a new job," Richard looked up at Penelope from his phone, "You'd give up being a malware developer?" "I love my job. I just hate that there's this new fucking asshole who keeps giving me a hard fucking time." "Want me to kick his ass?" "I can handle it myself." Penelope was sitting at her vanity, tying her hair up in a ponytail with a black speckled hairband. Richard put down his phone and took a second to admire his girlfriend. Her job as a malware developer sometimes took her out of town to help out at other branches in larger cities like Atlanta or Boston. She got up, walked to the bed and picked up her duffel bag. Penelope walked over to Richard and leaned over him to place a kiss on his cheek. "I'd love to have a job where I could have more time to spend with you," She sighed. Richard placed his hand on her hip and brought her back for a proper kiss on the lips. "I'd love to have a job where I didn't have to spend so much time as some crummy night security." Penelope laughed and got up. Richard followed and helped her get her bag to the car. One last kiss sealed officially sealed their goodbyes and Richard went back into their home. Tonight was going to be a long night. Returning to their bedroom, Richard opened the closet. He pushed away the dingy looking security uniforms that hung on hangers next to Penelope's clothes. He pulled out a gym bag that was neatly placed in the far, back corner. He unzipped it and pulled out a navy blue suit. Richard changed and looked at his reflection. "Italian wool never looked so good," He chuckled to himself. Richard had a long night ahead. The Boss had given a call saying he needed full security again. Some hitman kept showing up and causing trouble. This time though, they were ready for the guy. It was around 8PM when Richard got to their main office. The Boss had a meeting with some potential buyers in some upscale club. Boze, Richard's usual partner, handed Richard a mask and a black glove. "What's this?" Richard asked. Boze put his own glove on and snapped his fingers. There was a spark of electricity. "Boss got us some new toys. It's a stun-glove. Just snap to turn it on. The Boss wants to get his hands on this guy," Boze said, "Boss wants this guy alive." Richard shook his head and put his mask on. It wasn't long before it was time to go. The arrival to the location went smoothly. So did the conversation with the buyers. It was when it was time to leave, when it happened. The buyers had left when there was a gunshot. There was blood. The Boss laid on the floor holding his shoulder screaming at them to find the culprit. Boze had ran to check out one side of the building while Richard checked the other. He saw a running figure. They were dressed in all black, but he noticed that it wasn't a man like the others had said...This was a woman. Richard snapped his fingers and dived to tackle the woman. They tumbled down. Richard pressed his knee into her back and was reaching to touch her with the stun-gun when he stopped. Her hair was tied up with black speckled hairband. The woman struggled to knock him off. He let her. The woman darted off while Richard laid on the ground panting. One thought crossed his mind, '*Shit.'* &#x200B; &#x200B; 