
"What you're talking about, General, is genocide." Said the Minister for Culture and Humanities. "What I'm talking about is self preservation. From the limited contacts we have had with them we know that they are a species not beyond war, with technologies far superior to our own. We are talking about a species we are unfamiliar with who could wipe us out in an instant. The only advantage we currently have is the element of surprise, an advantage you would have us waste on a suicidal goodwill mission into hostile territory!" Said the General slamming his fist on the table. "I would remind you, General, that our own society is not past war, violence, and, as you have clearly demonstrated, xenophobia. So I apologize that I would rather try to make peace and share ideas, rather than blindly swing at a hornets nest. Tell me General, if they are as advanced as you describe them wouldn't a preemptive strike be nothing but a futile, vainglorious slap in the face to them? You're arguing a cavalry charge against a tank formation!" "Gentlemen, please. We can come to some sort of agreement." Said the prime minister adjusting his glasses. "While I do not believe violence should be our first course of action," he said eyeing the general, "we would be remiss to rule out preparations for a... defensive action." He finished, looking toward the Minister for Humanities and Culture. "Now please," he continued, "what do we know about these aliens?" The table exploded with every minister vying for attention. The table was silenced by a raise of the prime minister's hand. "One at a time, in order please." The Minister for Humanities and Culture spoke up. "We know culturally they are similar to us at least in their emotional expression through the arts. I've browsed the, eh, artifact and have to say that most of the data we've recovered could have been from our planet. The basic themes, literature forms, and to a certain extent rhyme structures are identical to ours. They could be our brothers based on this." The Minister for Resources cleared his throat. "Speaking on a mineral reserve basis, their planet could provide supplies for our home world as well as some of the colonies. Their planet seems to have vast resources of not only potable water, but also a highly combustible liquid energy source. It seems that while relatively scarce due to their vast population, it could power our system for about one thousand years if used sparingly." The rest of the ministers gave accounts of the aliens and what could be gained from a trade partnership, technological sharing, cultural exchanges and even formation of a galactic exploratory force. The general sat with folded arms, huffing and mumbling through the discussion. When all ministers had spoken he once again sat up. "It is my firm belief that the whenever two self contained cultures, no matter how similar meet each other on unequal terms, one will become the victor and the other the conquered. It is a theme we see time and time again throughout history. Normally, the more advanced culture makes contact first and quickly enslaves or eradicates the natives. To our benefit, we gained knowledge of their existence before they discovered us. Unfortunately, we are uneducated savaged to them. At best we could hope for amalgamation into their society. Which is to assume that they would even take the time to contact us before destroying us, an assumption I am not comfortable making. Aside from this 'artifact' we've found, every other indication is that this alien species is violent and prone to war. Every broadcast, no matter how jumbled, contains reference to war, violence, famine. Surely such an advanced civilization would not have to continue such tendencies after the advent of the technological wonders they have. This leads me to believe that this alien civilization views war as sport, something to be done for glory or pleasure. They train their children for war, show them images of war, make game of war. We have seen this through propaganda broadcasts we have picked up, which to this day cause me to lose sleep. We can wait, Sir, but if we do I doubt we'll be able to discuss this again." The prime minister sighed and turned away. He looked out the window at his homeworld, the only world he knew. The only world anyone had known before that damned artifact. "I too have heard the broadcasts General. They are.....disturbing to say the least. Do you truly believe their is no other option aside from an aggressive one?" "Yes Sir." The General answered. "I would rather die with a gun in my hand than live with one to my head." The prime minister turned and addressed the table. "General. You have my permission to pursue the military option. Every scrap of information we have been able to piece together points to it as our best option for survival. If we know anything it is this: they would do the same to us." 