
*Part 2 is linked below!* I think there's about four corpses in the room. Hard to tell, since no one seems to be fully intact. Seven arms, eight legs, and only two whole torsos. It looks like someone filled a super soaker with gore and viscera and just let her rip. How'd it get onto the ceiling? And how would you even clean that up? Irresponsible, to say the least. Someone's going to have to break out the blue stuff, I think. I take my first steps out of the booth, almost slipping on the blood pooled on the floor. It squishes between my toes, like walking in a liquid mix between water and a very light syrup. Copper. The whole room smells like copper. I pass the corpses, walking between tables piled high with lab equipment stained crimson. Bone, hair, organs and blood. Humans are messy when they die. The door opens on its own. So the facility still has power. A great concrete wall before me. Dead man slumped to the floor. 'I'M SORRY', scrawled in blood. Wow. First of all, why would he write that in his own blood? Like he's got the mental capacity to formulate words and ideas with a throat slit from ear to ear? Jesus man, the thing is still fucking draining. How recently did this happen? No. It looks like someone came by and wrote the words in his blood after the fact. Secondly, saying 'I'm sorry' after the fact seems like an asshole-ish thing to do. Like 'Oh no I've unleashed the apocalypse my bad bro' like that means anything to anyone dealing with their shit. I didn't sign up for this. I was told I'd get a fifty dollar gift card for Amazon and by God I'm going to fucking get it. Sirens blare throughout the hall, and I have to say it's not a pleasant. I hear screams even further away, something between the roar of a bear and a lion. I don't give a shit about what's going on here. I want my God damn gift card. So I make my way down the halls, leaving bloody foot prints behind me. I find the closest corpse and wipe my feet with their clothing, removing as much blood as I can. Can't be too careful, not until I get my card. Aimlessly, I keep moving. There's got to be someone here who can figure out where I go to get my card. Maybe a cookie or something. It feels like I haven't eaten in hours. None of the doors will open now, but there's clearly still power. Lights remain on beneath them, and sounds carry through the concrete halls. Whole place looks weird and sterile. I come to a crossroads. For a stereotypical sinister secret laboratory, they really could use with some decorations or something. Maybe lay out some carpet. Never mind, if there's a lot of blood around here, that'd be a nightmare to get out. Two corpses lay stacked on top of each other, the top one a young woman riddled with bullet holes. her lab coat almost looks like one of those rorschach painting things. Honestly, the whole aesthetic of this place really bums me out. Zero out of ten, do not recommend. Whispers. Hissing whispers. A little to my left, a slightly open door. A man motioning to me, desperate and crazed. There's another roar nearby as I scuttle towards him. Closer. Better closet creep than whatever seems to be wandering around this facility. Hell man, they advertised this shit as an upright sleeping pod. Like something for rich athletes to buy. Whatever, man. I don't have time to complain, just time to react. In I go, I guess. The door opens, and closes. The man is coated in sweat, some blood stains his own coat. He's clutching a pistol, almost hyperventilating. "Listen," I say. My voice feels cracked and dry, but the words come out well. "How do I get out of here? And do you guys send my gift card through the mail? Or like do I have to get an online code?" He stares at me with this idiotic look on his face, like he can't believe what he's hearing. I think I was pretty clear. "Test subject," he whispers. I can see that he's finally noticed my clothing, a hospital gown. "A test subject," he says again, louder. "Oh shit, oh shit!" He points the weapon at me, and the fear overwhelms me, my vision becoming hazy and dark. Paralyzing almost, as if every muscle in my body has become this immovable force trapped in deep water. The door crashes open, and a hulk of muscle and bone comes charging through, going straight for the other man. It stands a little over two meters, bipedal but with three arms. Maybe arms isn't the right word for them, they look more like spikes fashioned from bone, coated in blood and pus. The mouth hangs low, bigger than anything I've ever seen before. The eyes are bloodshot, the hair falling off in clumps, the legs heavily muscled and the torso pulsating. For an instant, I can move again. I hold my hands up in front of my face, and realize that for some reason, everyone has stopped moving. Caught in mid stride, the man's gun discharged, an explosion trapped in space. No one is moving. There's no noise, no sound of any kind. The air itself is strangely still, and moving through it feels like walking through a curtain. The beast is moving towards us, but the weapon was still pointed at me. The man's eyes are locked on my position, and I can see the bullet about a foot in front of the discharged pistol. I push it to the side, and it moves effortlessly. Huh. That's very interesting. [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/storiesfromapotato/comments/93qzxm/sorry_part_2_of_4/) -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 