
Have you ever felt the fraud? Put in a position that everyone expects you to do but you know, know deep in your bones, you are incapable of doing? That is how I've felt every day since I was cursed. All my accomplishments are not my own. They are stolen from me by this horrible magic. The joy I used to feel when creating beautiful things or finishing small tasked, it's been robbed from me time and again. I pick up my hammer to create a shield for my friend, and it is but done. The whorls and ripples of the metal are not mine. I did not put them there. I did not get the enjoyment of seeing this gift come to life under my hands. I did not get to design the pattern, in fact it has a creature on it I've never even seen. Something or someone has been stealing all of these small moments from me. If I had an easy tool to end this nightmare, I would pick it up in a heartbeat and welcome the brief darkness that clouds my mind when I start to work. So for now I live on with these patches in my memory, unsure of what I do or how I accomplish it. No one has picked up on it, so I must act completely normal while working. My friend even complimented me on the unique design I put on his new shield. It cut me to the quick, reminding me I did not make it. I feel no different now than that fateful night when this all began. I barely remember smelting that strange ore. Strong but strangely pliable, a deep emerald green I'd never seen before. Hah I can't even recall what I made with that mystic mineral. I just woke the next morning, with only spent charcoal in the forge and soot on my hands to show I'd done anything with my evening. I have not been able to bring myself to sell anything since. Everything this curse has made is not mine. I am afraid to profit from it and reap uncertain benefits with consequences. Even the gold pushed on me from well meaning customers sits on my desk, mocking me for being paid for what is not mine. I can provide for myself. I swear it. I won't let this, whatever it is, make me dependent. I can provide for myself. I can hunt, get my own food. I won't starve and can gain time to figure out what is happening. I resolutely walk out to my shed where I keep my hunting supplies. Granted I am quite rusty with the bow but I'm sure all I need is practice. I open the door and go to the wall where my tools hang. I stop as what greets me is not my simple wooden bow but an impossibility. A design of vines with a flower I've never seen before covers this metallic green weapon. It looks glorious and my fingers itch to hold it, to examine the craftsmanship that went into it. Did I make this? Is this what I worked on that night? Maybe it's the key to breaking this curse. A strong hunger grips me, urging, pushing, demanding I take this bow as my own. I resist for a moment but in the end, this curse has proven stronger than me several times before now. For a moment I feel the cool metal on my fingers, I can even test the bowstring and have a fleeting feeling of surprise when the metal bends like a normal bow. But too soon, that wave, no, that ocean of darkness encroaches, pulling me kicking and screaming under. It's different this time. It's softer. I can almost feel myself, not what's around me, but I am aware that I am in the darkness. I cast around, hoping to see any light, a way out. Maybe the bow was the key to breaking this. Maybe even now the curse is orchestrating its own demise, having me complete the task of destroying it. The darkness lasts a long time. Longer than I would've liked, but if this will end it then I can try and manage. Time passes, I have no way of telling if it's been a few moments or days or years. We are not meant to live in isolation but here I am. Early on there was panic that maybe the task was uncompletable. Maybe I would be stuck this way forever. But eventually that too passed. A light. Is it really a light? Or am I just tricking myself? But no, no matter where I look I can see this green spot light reminiscent of that bow that started this. I run? Float? I move toward it and realize it's not a spotlight; it's a pool. It is mirror still as I bend over it looking in. All I can see is myself. But the longer I look, I can see this is not me, something is different. Before I can grasp what has put me on edge, hand violently reaches out and grabs me by the collar and before I know it I'm plunging into the green liquid. Soaking, Coating, violating, pushing into me. I finally recognize it. Why didn't I realize this before? That bow wasn't going to help me. I was so desperate for some kind of relief or salvation that I didn't even question it. How could I be so stupid? I open my eyes to find myself at the top of a dias, people, hundreds of people kneeling before me and a new weight on my head. My hand, shaking, feels the crown on my head. A green tinge washes over my eyes and I hear in my head. "So it starts. Now we can truly begin to create." And once again I am a fraud, with other people's expectations that I know deep down, I can never fulfill. 