
The last straw hadn't so much as broken camel's back, it had instead lit the camel on fire and hurled it through a barber shop window. The straw in question was a young super hero and the camel, my car. So here I sat in the waiting room for the Justice Union, a laughable assortment of heroes banded together to fight evil, villainy, and whatever nonsense happened to pop up that week. A nervous and sweaty secretary sat in an adjoining office, flinching as I tapped my finger against the arm of my chair and pretended to grow impatient. In reality my armor is absurdly comfortable with its temperature control and ability to stream videos to my HUD, but I find it best to act as irritable as possible for the maximum villainous effect.  After what must have been thirty five nerve-wracking minutes she finally opened a door for me and I strolled through to my meeting with my nemesis. Taking the chair opposite him, I waited for the door to seal behind me. I pulled off my helmet and it let a small hiss out as the pressure seal popped. "Chuck, listen. I know your son wants 'justice', but if he keeps attacking at all hours of the day, I will make him incapable of attacking me ever again." The spandex clad idiot slammed the table with both hands, surprisingly it didn't bend but instead the legs sunk a few inches into the concrete. I made a mental note to look into whoever made such sturdy furniture for the union while my nemesis continue his spittle hurling tirade, "-so much as touch a hair on his head I w-" "Chuck, he killed three people yesterday." "What?" "He threw my car into a crowded barbershop while I was getting a haircut, it killed three people and injured another two. He has attacked me in the open several times and people are being hurt by him." I flicked my helmet onto projection mode, replaying the video my armor had captured as it was in standby mode beside me at the barbershop. He slowly sat down, slumping in his chair, "Jason... He couldn't... No, I've heard rumors of him being a loose cannon but he's always blamed it on the villains... But this..." I grabbed my helmet and stood up, putting it back on. "I'm setting my armor to lethal next time, Chuck. I only warned you because of our history." I let my cape swirl behind me as I turned to the door, opening it and striding out towards the exit. One way or the other this was going to end. (Edited to help with formatting due to posting it on mobile.) 