
I'm not very competitive by nature. I never got the highest grades, never got the best looking girl, never got picked first at softball. However, of those three, the third one never really made sense to anyone who knew me. After all, I was a telekinetic. And not any third-rate telekinetic you'd find working with the League or the monkeys working with the Peacekeepers. I'll be damned if I get a collar around *my* throat, which is why secrecy was such a big part of my life. That was why you won't see me in Vegas, trying my hand at roulette. They say twenty percent of all the telekinetics that the Peacekeepers pick up are from Vegas, Macau, or any of the other cesspools where a nascent floater could win enough in one night to sponsor a life's worth of decadence. Some were smart, some weren't. In the end, they all got caught. Then they get processed, a neutral-sounding term for what essentially was a psychic lobotomy. Then you'd be a monkey on the leash. You see, I know a lot about the Peacekeepers. In fact, I was playing a round of minigolf with their Director of Enforcement and her family. I was losing of course, but not so badly that it seemed like I was throwing the game. They seemed to be having fun, and every time I hit a windmill fan or the snapping jaws of an absurdly oversized alligator, they laughed. Her, her spouse, and their four kids. It was picturesque really - if it wasn't so infuriating. I had been playing to the best of my natural ability, but somehow I ended up dead last, just behind her 10-year-old. We all had a hearty chuckle over how bad I was doing, and all deference aside, they weren't afraid to give me a good poke in the ribs. I glowered at them when they weren't looking. Then, every once in awhile, they took a swing and missed. Sometimes their ball went a bit too far than expected, or came up surprisingly short. I was having the comeback of a century, all the while being surrounded by Peacekeeper guards. Other families were there of course, some wearing the gray-white shirts that marked them as Peacekeeper employees. The ones in the actual uniforms were standing apart, their arms crossed and their stun batons blatant on their hips. There was even a leashed telekinetic there, drooling a bit at the mouth. Extra protection in case League terrorists showed up. I wiggled the golfball on the turf. Why did I do it? I don't know. Maybe I was inviting them to discover me. Maybe I was gloating over how they didn't see me, right under their collective noses. I could almost feel the cold metal of a collar slipping around me... but then the sensation was gone. I tossed a few more of their balls around and won easily. They congratulated me, fake smiles plastered over clean, healthy faces. There was some announcement and a large trophy was presented to me. "That's the third year in a row you've won Commissioner, ever think about letting some of others have a chance?" I just smiled and donned my Peacekeeper cap as I posed for the photos. The sun shone dully off the golden death's head emblem. "Maybe next year," I said. -------------------------------------------------------------- Subscribe to /r/AMemoryofEternity for more of my stories! 