
I guess the only way to summarize my survival is that it's some sort of crowd-sourced immortality. At first it was genuine accidents. I stepped into the crosswalk as a bus barreled down the street, ignorant to the red light that should have halted its progress. Somebody, or something, yanked me back. When I got up, dusting myself off from the near-hit, there was nobody around. I wrote it off as my personal Casper, or maybe a guardian angel with a sweet spot for a pudgy introvert like myself. My mom always said the pudginess was cute. The next time was a window air-conditioning unit that plummeted to the ground from ten stories up. Again, somebody shoved me out of the way. And again, there was nobody around. Definitely a friendly ghost or an angel. All jokes aside though, I'm not usually the superstitious type. Sure, I'll participate in the occasional seance and I'm convinced that palm-readers are legit, but I don't believe in ghosts or anything like that. But a gnawing curiosity drove me to test whatever powers might have been at play. Maybe it was the delightful feeling that somebody cared. Maybe it was just that reckless side of me that drove me to almost go skydiving once. Either way, the next week I found myself on the dizzying edge of a canyon, staring down the precipice to my inevitable death. Earlier that week I had taken a stab - literally - at some spoiled meat, just to have it slide out from under my fork and wind up on the ground. I couldn't pick it up within five seconds. Saved again. You know that feeling you get that compels you to step off a cliff? There's a name for it I think. I got that. I found myself shuffling my feet closer and closer until dirt began to fall off the edge. It was so far a drop, you couldn't hear when the rocks hit the ground. And then I heard a curse that nearly startled me right off the edge and a firm arm yanked me back to safety. "Are you fucking kidding me?" It was a young man who had pulled me back, dressed in some outlandish outfit. "Are *you* kidding me? What are you wearing?" "Seriously? You're about to step off the edge and now you're concerned about what I'm wearing?" I shrugged. "I wasn't going to step off the edge. I was testing my guardian angel." He gave me an exasperated sigh. "There's no guardian angel, dimwit. It's been me and my team. We're tasked with keeping you alive." I smiled. Somebody did care. "Can I hug you?" "No. Hands to yourself." Disappointing but understandable. I hadn't washed them after peeing in the porta-potty at the beginning of the trail. "So who are you guys? A bunch of lonely nerds like me?" He shook his head. "Not nerds. Time travelers. You're important to the future." My face brightened. "Really? Me? Are you sure?" He rolled his eyes. "Yes. You." I felt like he was messing with me. Pulling my leg like he had just pulled my shoulder. "Are you sure? That doesn't sound right." He sighed again. I got the feeling he didn't like me. But I was important, apparently, so he could shove it. "Yep. You." "What do I do? Invent time travel?" I chuckled. I was capable enough to do that, surely. At least in my own fantasies I was. What else could be so important that time travelers came back to save me? He laughed. Not an amused chuckle, but a full laugh. "Oh, God. You? No." "So what do I do?" "I guess it's not you, to be exact. It's your kid." "I'll have a kid? I won't die a virgin?" His face turned a bit red and he shifted uncomfortably. "I didn't say that, did I?" "It's implied. I assumed." "Don't assume. Asses and all that." "So where does the kid come from?" He grimaced. Tough news incoming. "You really want to know?" I nodded. "You end up being a sperm donor. There's that clinic down the street. We just need to make sure you do that as planned next week. After that you're," he shrugged, gesturing off the cliff, "good to go." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 