
A camera flashes as I open the car door and, elegant as ever, Amile steps out before extending her hand to me, hoop bracelets sliding down her wrist and stopping against the contour of her hand. Her long fingers are decorated with rings. There are three more camera flashes before I finally accept her hand and exit the car. In those moments, I feel elegant too. Eyes fall on me, like an unveiled sculpture, chiseled marble drawing the attention of the crowd as they stare through their lenses and the lightning storm of captured moments begins. In any relationship, there is some defining moment where you go from simply loving someone to really knowing them. Perhaps you'll love them once you know them but it doesn't always work that way. In the car, before my birth into the realm of really knowing the woman I've spent the last six months with, surrounded by the smell of the leather seats and our perfume, I just loved her. I loved her because she was beautiful and kind. She liked whiskey and, when I met her at the bar, I told her that I found her taste appealing. I'd never really understood the fruity drinks, I told her. She agreed. I loved her because she had an uncanny ability to make people smile, no matter how terrible they felt. In many moments, even if bookending the smiles and laughter were despair and hollow sadness, she made me happier than I'd ever been in my life. In any relationship, you'll learn something you felt you should have known before you began dating. Like maybe she really likes cats. Or she puts ranch dressing on her pizza. Maybe, in her basement, she has a secret Lego collection. Whatever. You'll think, wow, I really wish I'd known that. For better or for worse, you'll think, that feels important to me. "Come on," she whispers, nudging me and talking with nearly unmoving lips. Her hand waves to onlookers who are barricaded behind gates and ropes. "What the hell is this?" I ask. But she raises her brows at me and laughs, gesturing to the red carpet beneath our heels, bejeweled and incredibly neither of our style. "I thought you worked at the movies?" She laughs. Her head shakes, earrings bouncing against her jaw. She asks me if I really didn't know. "Know what?" I reply. She tells me that she's in the movies. Recently manicured brows arched up toward my hairline, I assess the situation again. The car is gone and we are ushered down the carpet as long stretch limo pulls up in its place. Like she's done this one hundred times before, Amile walks along the narrow carpeted ground, her head turns and she points her perfect smile from camera to camera and jabs her elbow into my ribs again. "Smile, ok," she says. So I do. Behind us, actors whose names I step on any time people visit and we have to take them to walk down Hollywood Boulevard, these hot shot big timers, they're climbing out of limos and walking casually. They don't even question what I'm doing here. "That.." I start, staring at a man would couldn't possibly be Brad Pitt. I'm rewarded with another sharp nudge and a pointed head shake. Maybe we just aren't meant to know everything about a person. Not when you start dating them. Not when you marry someone. Maybe not even in your entire life that you spend with them. When I enter the building, men and women in attire nicer than anything I've ever owned serve us drinks before we begin our walk past life-size posters of people from billboards and patterned walls where we're meant to pose for pictures. Anyway, I'm thinking, as we smile for our umpteeth picture of the evening, that my inability to keep up with media is a good thing. I'm thinking, sometimes not knowing comes in handy. Because I doubt I'd have met her otherwise. --------------------------------------------------- I'm new to this but I'll be posting future stories on /r/edgarallanhobo so, if you'd like, feel free to subscribe to see future work! Thank you all for your kind words! 