
Hell was not the jumble of swirling arcs and endless pillars of fire I'd in mind. The agonizing screams and yelps, however, were as real as I'd imagined them. Lucifer, however, had divided his kingdom quite well, leaving the Lands of Torture far away from Ienertar, the capital, where we were right now. Ienertar was a vast city of chains and stone, not so different from those of the Earth with the exception that it was filled with bored demons constantly planning their next act of mischief. They lived in strange houses, most of them curved to the point of defying logic and at least two stories tall. Some of them had doors at the top of their facades, signaling it was the home of a winged demon, and those were, most of the time, vicious torturers. Lucifer first took me to his temple, a mighty piramidal structure of smooth obsidian stone he'd named The Treshen. It lay far above the rest of the city, at the top of a red, jagged cliff. Once inside, we moved to his personal chamber, and even for me, it was eerie. He held souls prisoners in little boxes of glass which bathed the place with their tender shine, allowing only the faintest details to be seen. The angels, however, were the cause of my gooseflesh. They lay at either sides of the chamber, tethered and strewn over pools of, what I guessed, was their own blood. The plumage of their wings was gone, revealing only the brittle bones that held them together. Their vibrant eyes were vacant, lost, begging for a death that would never come. "Quite the riches you've collected here," I said, feigning a grin. I despised the idea of good and purity, and angels were the maximum representation of them. However, seeing them thrashing in their own blood, soaked in tears, and suffering in silence made me feel uncomfortable. Had he cut their tongues? Deep down, nevertheless, I knew I would get used to it. "This is just a sliver," Lucifer said and sat on his throne of angel's heads and thorns. He was using a human form, that of a young man dressed in black robes with strings of red embroidered on its chest, with long, black hair falling to his shoulders, and hollow eyes. "But that's not important now. You have a heart full of sins, one that I'd dare say is close to mine. However, it has to be trained." I frowned and knelt before him. "Trained? How can you improve something that's already full?" "It's not the nature of your mind and heart I'm referring to," Lucifer said. "I'm talking about something entirely different, and that is your ability to command legions, your skill with the sword and the control of your own body." My tongue flicked across my lips almost unconsciously, I felt my eyes grow hungry with desire, my entrails roiling with expectation. "I believe myself to have good control of my own body," I said, although I knew his answer. "My choice of words was poor," Lucifer said, grinning. "I should have said, control over your *new* body." He paused and studied me for a moment. "Do you consider yourself capable of bearing the responsibility of being my warlord?" "I know I'm capable, and I swear by my own soul, I will wreck any army that dares stand in our way," I said, salivating with the thought of tainting Heaven crimson. "What is it that I have to do to earn my new body?" Lucifer got up and ambled toward a struggling angel. He raised a hand, and the sudden noise of broken bones echoed through the chamber. His fingers changed, his bones protruded out the skin in the shape of sharp, long and pearl-white claws. He snatched the slumped angel by the throat and cut him open. Then he dug the claw deep within the angel's flesh and, with a subtle pull, took out the angel's beating heart. It was golden and perfectly round like a sphere. Lucifer held it out to me. His young, angular face lost in the shadows. "Eat it." His voice stern. Without a second thought, I devoured it, embracing a fate I knew belonged to me since my times of mortality. [PART2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/91kke9/wp_so_this_is_hell_eh_you_say_to_lucifer_bring_on/e2z77wn/) ------------------------------------------------------------ Pshh, I made a subreddit. You should subscribe! r/AHumongousFish how many times have you seen a fish write? 