
In retrospect, maybe I should've pretended I couldn't read. I mean, I'd be out of a job, I'd be on the streets, and if I was on the streets my cat Tux would run away and I wouldn't be able to call him back--I didn't know if this happened with animals, and I didn't want to find out. *I need more--go to the store and g--thing else?* There was another grim reminder. It had been years since 12-year-old me had told Allison Gray to go fuck herself in the middle of the courtyard--but someone needed to tell her eventually. I was still blocking her out, relaying brick after mental brick until I almost couldn't hear her anymore. She was almost gone, but I figured I had another year at least. My parents weren't bothering me anymore, at least. But anyway, I could read the name on the raffle ticket, and they knew I could. I knew I'd have to if I couldn't think of a way out of it, and I was out of time. Sarah Wentz. The 4K TV was going to Sarah Wentz, and she didn't know--she wouldn't until I told her. Which I was expected to do. Any minute now... "Wren?" My boss said after I'd paused for too. My mouth was dry, when I looked over at him I must've resemble a fish choking on air, but it didn't seem to bother him. "Who's the winner?" I should explain. Since the time I could process any thought more complex than "I'm hungry," I'd had this curse. When I said someone's name, their brain was my brain. Kind of. It's hard to describe, I don't learn their deepest, darkest secrets, I can't dig, but I can read. Surface thoughts, like what errands they needed to run, if something was bugging them and--realized at a young age--what people really thought about *me.* And listen, knowing what people really think is the worst. Maybe Sarah Wentz in my head for a couple of years wouldn't be the *worst* thing. There were worse people to chat with in the break room, and she did love to chat. Maybe all the talk meant there wasn't a whole lot kept in her head. Maybe this could be a new test for me--let's see if this time was the time I learned to control this for good. "Uh--" couldn't do it. Nope. Time to fake a stroke, a seizure, a very specifically-targeted rapture. No, I didn't want this, I'd ruined every relationship I ever had because I didn't *want* this. I can't do it I can't do it I can't--"it's Sarah Wentz." But I did. The dam broke, and people gasped when I held my head like I was afraid it'd split open, because damn it, it felt like that *every time.* I fell to my knees as the invisible railroad spike that was the consciousness of Sarah Wentz made its way into my brain, unknowingly making room for herself. My vision spun, I wanted to vomit, someone grabbed me before I could completely fall over. *Oh my god oh my god oh my god--* It was Sarah. Long, slender fingers were wrapped around my arm and holding my upright. Shit. I hadn't meant to make such a scene. *How could I do this, I'm such a fucking idiot...* "Don't say that about yourself," Sarah said, as if scolding me, as if about to give me a speech about believing in myself. I stiffened, I couldn't look at her, I didn't dare to even acknowledge that she was by my side. I was shaken, truly shaken--because I hadn't said anything out loud. 