
"You say your AI does what?" "Emotion recognition for cows, sir, " I reply, with a smile. "For $100k, we deliver a 30% boost to milk productivity. Sign up now and get $10k of mood-boosting feed for free! " ... Another deal sealed and I can't help but grin. Our AI startup is doing great, thanks to that incarnation as a bull. The bovine harem I had taught me how cows feel, how they express and... how to effectively court them, which is the secret behind our expensive feed. The feed itself is just soy paste with a peculiar combination of food coloring. The real deal is in our camera system: when it detects the specific hue, a hidden speaker plays a recording of... let's say, cow porn. That, and the unique ability to label cow photos correctly, practically ensured our success. As my 100th incarnation as a human, I really love the modern age. Sure, the air is a bit smelly and the weather is a little hot, but it's not a big deal if you had lived as a fly. Yes, the upside of civilization definitely out-weights its downsides. I still remember starving to death as a street orphan. They broke my arms when my theft was busted, and the last few days were completely helpless. Spent a century in PTSD as a turtle before I could recover. I didn't even know the word back then. It's a great relief when getting fed is longer a concern. And all the free knowledge I could only dream of in past lives. I first encountered science as a disciple of a long-forgotten Chinese scholar. I thought I was going to starve again, but the master dug me out of a body pile and gave me a childhood I still fondly recall. Before I could finish my study, though, empire soldiers came. They burned our books and buried us alive, simple like that. I usually don't seek revenge for my own deaths, but that time was an exception. Consumed by anger, I pulled some strings and spent the next life as a parasite, ate the emperor from inside out, and my dying vision was his empty shell rotting under a heap of fish where my children thrived. When the hate subsided, though, I felt the spark. The passion for knowledge has driven me ever since. As a nomad I chased a salt that better preserves our beef. As a bird I taught my children optimized flying patterns. As a noble I spent more time with alchemy than my land. As a tree I listened to the professor underneath, and fell my apple to ignite an inspiration. And now, all those past lives, all those knowledge are coming to fruition: a Tensorflow model that effectively turns labeled cow photos into money, thanks to my co-founder / CTO / PhD mentee, who just cast me a worried glance. "Are you OK?" She must have been concerned about my silly grin. The aspiring young woman doesn't know, but Karma does work in strange ways. So now, the reincarnation of my old master, let's finish what we had to leave behind two thousand years ago. Our startup will take over the world and your fame as a scholar will last forever, like you had always dreamed for. EDIT: Wow, thanks for the gold and all the comments! This is my most successful story so far. It's such a joy to know so many people liked the piece! 