
"Change? Spare any change?" The old man asked meekly, not raising his eyes. A gaunt hand trembled with palm lifted over his head. "Bugger off old codger, I don't have any." Replied a man brusquely as he passed by. The old beggars hand dropped pitifully down to his side. "Change? Spare any change?" The lame refrain commenced again. A young girl pulled the skirt of her mother forcing her to stop. "Why's he out here mama? Can we give him some change?" She asked doe eyed. "I don't know, and absolutely not. If he wants change I'm sure he can find plenty on the street." She finished, and began to tug the young girl along by her wrist. "Change? Any change?" The man moaned on. A racking cough rattled him and he leaned back against the brick wall. When he looked forward again a young man was looking at him closely. "Are you ok?" The man asked. The beggars eyes lit up and a wry look came into his crooked smile. "I am now, son, I thank you. Could you spare any change?" The beggar asked, raising his palm. The young man bit his lip and stared down the crowded street. With a small sigh he produced a few crumpled bills from his pocket, smoothed them, and handed them to the beggar. "Here." He said with dissatisfaction. "You're not going to waste it are you?" "Oh I never waste change sonny. Do you want any change?" The beggar asked, quickly depositing the few bills into his coat. "No, I'm fine. Why would I need money if I was giving it to you?" The man asked impatiently. "Well I do thank you for your kind consideration, but I asked for change. Any change at all. A kick in the head would have been an interesting change indeed!" He said, breaking into a cackling laugh. "Wonderful." The man sighed exasperated. "The one time I give to a beggar and he's off his rocker." "Now son, a deal's a deal. Do you want any change?" The beggar asked, his half-toothed grin staring up at the man. "Sure. World peace. Or at least for people to stop getting so angry at each other all the time. Think you can manage that?" The beggar laughed then shrugged his shoulders. The man waited a few seconds and, realizing the old beggar had fallen asleep, continued on to his work. "I think I can manage that fine son." The old beggar said grinning. "Just fine." 