
Leslie pushed a lock of hair from her eyes as she leaned sheepishly against the doorway and looked lovingly at the back of her husband's head. He, in turn, was looking at the television. It was one in the morning on a Wednesday, and they were in a swanky hotel suite. In another context, this could almost have been romantic, she thought. She shuffled aside as a face with a lanyard ID pushed past her into the room, joining the throng. There were at least two dozen people in there, but she felt there was a special glow around her husband, the lighting seemed to pick him out, draw the eye. Or maybe it was just her imagination. He was minutes away from being elected the President of the United States. Downstairs, there was a ballroom full of waiting devotees, balloons poised to drop. They were in Denver, Colorado. She was trying not to pay attention to the results, but it was impossible not to hear certain things. "Mr Governor, our numbers are the same as the network's," an aide was saying to him, though his eyes never left the screen. "Colorado is much closer than we thought." Their home state. It was supposed to secure their Electoral College strategy, but it was failing them. Without it, her husband's campaign was over. Leslie felt her heart racing. How could this have happened? All the east coast states had gone the way they'd predicted. Something sickly was congealing in her stomach, a strange and irrational certainty that this was her fault. She knew she had done everything in her power to help the campaign, but still...a memory kept playing in her mind. It was the night before. She had just spoken at a rally in Boulder - the last of the campaign. And then she had gone for dinner with an old friend. Jason. She had know him since high school, and he had reached out. He had always been a strange one; she still could not say what it was that had compelled her to accept his invitation that evening. "You look tired, Leslie," he had said, over appetizers. "This last year must have been hard on you." She thought over the endless busses and planes, the incessant press scrutiny of every aspect of their lives, the total lack of intimacy. "It's been a trip, that's for sure!" she said, attempting a good-natured chuckle. Jason stared at her. "I like to help people, Leslie, you know that. I want to know what I can do for you." "Oh, well at this point there's not much-" "I don't mean on the campaign. I mean, personally: what do you need? After it's all over tomorrow night, what do you want from life?" He was looking at her strangely. Sincerity, she thought. He was thick with it. He was more sincere than anyone she had ever met. "Uh, that's kind of you, Jason," she said. She realised her lip was quivering. "Leslie," he said, leaning forward. Eyes so full of pity. "Are you happy?" She couldn't stop it. Tears rolled down her cheeks. She tried to dab them away, but it was hopeless. She forced herself to breathe deeply. "I haven't been happy since my husband won the race for governor," she said, when she had regained control. "I hate it, that's the truth. I hate politics. I wish with all my heart he had stayed in law." She inhaled again and tried to smile. "I haven't told anyone that. Gosh. You can't repeat it, please promise." Jason leaned back, still full of sympathy. "I promise, and I understand. It must be unimaginably hard for you." She smiled again. He was looking at the ceiling - now it was Jason who was taking a deep breath. He looked back at her. "OK," he said, "I can help you. I can make it alright. I have ...some favours I can call in." "What are you talking about?" she said. He was standing up, paying the bill. She felt horrendously flustered. "I'm talking about helping you, my friend. Don't worry about a thing." He turned back to look at her from the door. "Remember," he laughed, "You owe me!" That was last night. Now she was was in a room that had just gone very quiet. A news anchor, full of his own importance, had just called Colorado for the opposition. "It's a shock result, let me tell you," a pundit was saying. "We're seeing a polling failure like nowhere else in the country. The state was always going to be close but there seems to have been a last minute swing of about 10,000 votes, mainly in the Boulder area, that handed it to the incumbent." 