
The file went into detail about Holmes' abilities to deduce elaborate murders based on tiny details and his vast knowledge of the world. For the most part, Holmes was non-violent. Did not even carry a gun, making him an easy target. Supposedly a junky. His assistant, life partner, wingman dr. Watson might be a problem. I was expecting Ms Hudson, 70something housekeeper to open the door, but it was a spindly looking man with a crooked nose. Holmes. "Mr Bond, I presume? Here to kill me? Do come in, it is freezing outside, and I can feel it in my bones." I stepped into a trap. As I followed Holmes up the stairs into his study, Dr Watson was behind me. He searched me before I sat down. I was not armed. "You must be wondering how I knew MI6 is trying to kill me? To be honest, they have no other option.Last night I contracted a virus for the Queen and country. A rather nasty kind could kill millions in hours. Ebola piggybacking on flu. You sneeze, and your innards turn to mush. Killing me and burning the body would cure it forever since it might turn me into patient Zero if whatever triggers it." "I could just kill you and defuse the threat." "True. Or you could keep me alive long enough to aid my search for the creator of my demise." "Moriarty?" "Blofeld" Ernst Stavro Blofeld. How many times do I have to kill him? What are they, growing him in vats someplace? "One of the clones. Produced in the same labs as the virus. I was about to travel to the location myself when the mishap occurred. I can't leave the country legally in this condition. So I need you to kill me and deliver my body to Watson." "You mean surpass the cleanup crew that is waiting in the van outside and listening?" "My friends took care of them. The van is ours to escape in. Tracking is disabled." "You expect me to just go along with this?" "No Mr Bond I expect you to fall to your urges and go hunt Blofeld. He is your white whale." He looked at me again, smiling. " You would be, of course, saving the world and pissing of your superiors in the process, something you've acquired a taste for over the years" " You seem to have me figured out." "No, I just hope you will be you." Watson stepped in front of me, extending his hand. "Glad to have you on board. We should move." Holmes picked up a sharpie pen and started drawing a tribal motif on his face. Watson gave me one, while shaving his eyebrows. " Draw below the mouth, but above the chin to make facial recognition misidentify the placement of the jaw." "We need a plane to get to South America." "I know a guy." Richard owed me a favour since we were young derelicts. He supplied the weed to the Stones. A private plane full of pot, way back in the sixties. Never touched the hard stuff, but it was enough to land him a nice stretch. He has a farm up in Yorkshire now. Keeps the plane at a local airport, as a souvenir. Mick Jagger borrows it to reminisce about the swinging sixties. Hopefully, not today. We traded the van in with a raver that stumbled out of the woods near the farm. He was off his head, but did not have a way to get home in Manchester, so us giving him the van just for him being so nice sounded reasonable. Airport was dark. Watson seemed to know his way around the cockpit, so I joined Sherlock in the salon. His eyes were closed and he was playing a violin with moderate skill. "It helps me think." "So does cocaine?" "I found some in the ashtray in the back row. I am sure the owner would not mind." 