
The 'No Trespassing' sign hung from rusty barbed wire over the thick brush. Thomas held the cutters up towards the wire, but his hands shook; sweat dripped down into his eyes and stung. He wiped it away and turned back towards the others. "What are you waiting for? Do it already!" Ben said. "No, you do it," Thomas said. "You chicken?" Ben tucked his fat arms underneath his armpits and started fake squawking. "Chicken, chicken--chicken!" Thomas flustered; his cheeks turned red. Mandy stood next to Ben, her small frame holding a bulky, unwieldy polaroid camera. She pointed it towards ben, who started bobbing his shoulder and clucking. Thomas scoffed; Mandy giggled. "It's just a sign. My dad said this place is abandoned," she said. "But-but what if your dad's wrong?" Thomas asked. "He's not wrong." Ben walked towards Thomas and held out a hand. "Give it. I'll do it if you're too scared." "I'm not scared!" "Then prove it," Ben said, his eyes filled with fire. Thomas took a deep breath and squeezed down on the handle. The wires snipped away with ease, one by one--snip, snip, snip! The three children stepped carefully around the bushes and the wire and crossed over into the field. The abandoned barn loomed ahead. Red shingles fell from the roof, its wide door sagged to the side, and the walls hawed and buckled slightly as if the timbers used every ounce of their strength to hold up the remnants of the lost lifestyle. A quick flash from the camera brought Thomas out of his gaze. "What's that picture for?" he asked. Mandy frowned. "It's just a picture." Ben walked to the door and leaned up against its side. "Hey, get a picture of me!" "Do a pose!" Mandy bit her lower lip, kneeling slightly. She snapped two more pictures. Thomas watched her, wanting to speak up, but the words caught in his throat; he said nothing. Ben pushed on the door; it didn't budge. He groaned and braced himself against the dirt, shoving with all his strength, but the door still didn't move. Thomas grinned. "You need help?" "No!" Thomas stared at the corner of the door; half sunk into the dirt. "It's buried, you won't get it open. Maybe we can find another way inside?" "No! I can do this!" Ben gritted his teeth and ran forward, slamming his shoulder against the door. He sweated, blood-flushed and spitting, snarling and groaning with all his might. He felt the wood tremble and respond beneath his grasp--just barely. A huge groan sounded from the wood of the barn. Ben looked up in horror; everything happened all at once. The door fell inward. The timbers of the side wall buckled and failed, splitting with a great crash, the child's push the final tipping point on a structure that should have failed long ago. The roof fell towards Ben. He screamed. Mandy screamed; Thomas closed his eyes and dove towards her. The entire barn fell with a mighty crash, a cloud of dust the rustle and clanking of old metal buried within. Covered in debris, Thomas opened his eyes. He lay on top of Mandy, who was unconscious. A thin trickle of blood ran from a mark on her face; the offending beam lay nearby. Thomas's breaths came in gasps. "Mandy?" He stood up, looking at the massive pile of rubble. Ben stood there moments ago. "Ben?" Thomas's heartbeat rose. "Mandy!" A man stepped out of the brush behind him. "They're fine. Don't worry." Thomas jumped, screaming; He turned towards the man who held a curled, gnarled fist like a ball. The man laughed, a deep, throaty chuckle. "You kids got yourself in a world of trouble." Thomas backed up, brandishing the wire cutters like a sword. "Who are you?" "I own this place--have for years. You're trespassing, by the way." The man opened his fist like tossing sand into the air. The debris around Ben flew backward as if rocked by an explosion. In the epicenter, Ben stood unharmed; a blue orb of light encased him. As the man walked towards him, it dissipated. He spoke loud for Ben and Thomas to hear. "When you get to be as old as I am, you learn that strength of mind is what's most important." The man snapped his fingers. Mandy rose like a zombie. Her eyes fluttered open, and she stood on her own strength. "I want you three gone. Never return. This never happened, and if you tell this story to anyone--well--they won't believe it anyway." He snapped his fingers again. In a quiet corner of the woods, snuggled in their sleeping bags, the three children woke, gasping. Thomas looked around the tent, his heart racing. Ben whimpered in the corner. Mandy rubbed her forehead. "What just happened?" Thomas asked. "I-I had a really bad dream," Ben said, before trailing off, "Did you..." Thomas nodded. He looked at Mandy. A slight trickle of blood ran from a bruise on her forehead. *** More slight spooks at r/BLT_WITH_RANCH 