
The seven original demons sat around a bloody pentagram in Jerry's basement. Candles burned at all six points of the star, providing the only light to chase away the shadows. For centuries, the Cardinal Demons had haunted this property in between spreading death and torment throughout the world. Every person who had ever lived here had ruined their lives with irreversible consequence. Then they met Jerry--a twenty-five year old balding man-child stuck in a dead end job who had already been divorced twice. Truly, there was no hell like being Jerry. "Are you fucking kidding me?" Pride growled. "Jerry just got passed up for promotion by the high school kid. What the hell are we doing?" Envy just gaped. "A high school kid? Jerry's got a doctorate!" "Look, we gotta do something about this," Pride exclaimed. "Why?" Sloth asked, his words slow and drawn out. "Why do we have to do any of this?" "Because we are the *original* sins!" Pride hissed. "And with all our power, this god damn sack of shit Jerry is still getting passed up for promotions by high schoolers. What the hell do you think that means for us?" Envy crossed her arms. "I bet the rest of the demons are laughing at us as we speak--the Seven Cardinal, look how far you've fallen. I bet those damnable horsemen think they can use this as a power grab." "And take away our position?" Greed exclaimed. "Over my dead body." Wrath shook her head. "Over *Jerry's* dead body." "Shit guys," Pride said. "We can kill the poor bastard whenever we want. Hell, we'd be doing him a favor. But first we got to turn his life around at least!" "Perhaps the company of another girl might do the trick." Lust licked her lips and took the form of a gorgeous blonde. "You saying *you're* going to fuck him?" Sloth asked. "Hell no!" Lust reverted back to her tentacled self. "Are you kidding me? *Jerry!?* I'd sooner practice abstinence. We'll just have him buy another prostitute." "Not again," Greed exclaimed. "All that did was drain his back account and then again when he had to go to the doctors for his twelve hour erection because all he really wanted to do was *talk* to her." "If you can even call that an erection," Envy scoffed. "What about more food?" Gluttony asked, spitting as he did. "We can have him eat his problems away." The other six Cardinal Demons stared at him. "Shut up, Gluttony. You can't eat your problems away!" Wrath said. "No, he needs to take his boss by the balls and demand a promotion." "Or he takes his boss by the balls and asks nicely for one," Lust said. "Asks *real* nicely." "Guys!" Pride slammed his webbed fingers into the floor, the impact blowing out the candles around them. "We need a real plan, alright? None of these bullshit gimmicks. They won't work on a guy like Jerry. He's too much of a loser. The guy's got literally nothing going for him, he's going to be completely bald by the time he's 26 and not even the original succubus will sleep with him. And she'd fuck anything with a pulse!" Lust shrugged. "It's true." "It's a lost cause," Wrath said. "We're better off killing everybody in this world so we can start fresh. Maybe the new world won't have Jerry, the human buzzkill." The other demons nodded in unison. Destroying the world would certainly restore some of their credibility as Cardinal Demons. Someone cleared their throats. The Seven Demons turned toward it. "Who dares spy on the Cardinal Demons?" Pride growled and all the candles alit, revealing Jerry. "Hey guys," Jerry said, barely managing a smile. They couldn't tell if he was sad or not because he was always just barely managing a smile. "Shit, Jerry, how long have you been there?" Envy asked. Jerry scratched his thinning hair. "Since the beginning," he said. "I... uh... didn't have too great of a day so I thought the basement would help me clear my mind." "God damn it, Jerry, the basement?" Pride's brow raised. "C'mon man, you need sunshine and laughter and uh..." his voice trailed off. If he knew what Jerry needed, Jerry would not be in the basement during a meeting of the Cardinal Demons. "So you heard all of it?" Jerry gave off a dying chuckle. "Don't worry, nothing new." "Holy shit you're depressing," Envy muttered. "Yeah," Jerry agreed. A brittle silence settled between them. "Um... I gotta go," Wrath said before disappearing into a poof of fire. The rest of the demons quickly followed suite, all coming up with some excuse to leave until only Jerry and Gluttony remained. The demon turned to Jerry, scratching his belly. "Jerry, my boy," he said, "let me teach you about all the problems eating can solve." Jerry shrugged. "I mean, it's not like things can get any worse, I suppose. What do you have in mind?" "I'm going to teach you to eat your problems away." Gluttony laughed, spewing crumbs everywhere. "Have you ever heard the name Kobayashi?" --- --- /r/jraywang for 5+ stories a week! 