
I lived in a hole at the bottom of the world. I was the only thing living down here if you ignored the spiders, which I'd learned to do. It's easy to forget about something, down in the catacombs below the city streets. Particularly those things swept away to the secret places, the deep labyrinths where things are meant to be lost. The humans left me here to die, or whatever it is things like *me* do instead of dying. And I could only wait in perfect darkness. Buried by eternity. Trapped by time. Until the day the lock clicked. I perked my head up, not quite believing my own ears. The door hinged open. The darkness broke. A blinding beam of light appeared around the other side, flooding the dirt floor, the filthy stone walls, me and my dusty suit, wearing every bit of our age. A hand held the light. The face that appeared behind the light was moonlike, featureless until my eyes adjusted to the light. But I didn't need to see the human to know he was there. The dizzying smell of him flooded my nose. A feeling I hadn't lived in centuries quickened in me: hunger. I had so carefully built walls around the curse of my torment. I could not die, no matter how much the emptiness in my belly tried to devour me. I learned to ignore the hunger. Pretend it did not exist. But now. Now a few paces sat between me and the hot arterial pulse of fresh blood. The human managed a lame, "No one is supposed to be here." The keys slipped from his hands. Keys as ancient as my prison. I had no time to wonder just how he found them. The hunger nearly drove me out of my thin human skin. It burned like a lump of hot iron in my stomach, sizzling, spitting. I swallowed the impulse to fall into the teeth and scales of my true form and lunge across the floor. Rip out his jugular and feel the *thum-thum-thum* of his pulse that so maddened me. But I kept my civility. I put on a smile, like I had not waited here in the infinite darkness, just hoping someone would be stupid enough to turn the lock. "You don't happen to know how long it's been, do you?" He didn't answer. The drum of his heartbeat rose. He was nervous. Perhaps not as stupid as he looked. "Are you letting me out?" I said. Then my eyes settled on the strange light in his hand. "What is *that?*" The human let his mouth open and shut. "Uh. A flashlight." He half-turned in the door and said, backing out, "Look, man, I don't know what you're doing here, but--" A thrill rose in my throat. I couldn't let him finish his sentence. It was too much. The turn of his head. The delicate twitch of his neck as he swallowed his fear. I just couldn't help myself. I lunged across the room and made short work of him there in the open door of the cell. He tasted like coins and a world of light, somewhere just above me. I used the human's shirt to smear the blood from my face like a napkin. "Thank you," I told his corpse, fondly, "it's good to be out of there. Room service was rubbish." I stepped over the body to pick up the torch of burning light off the floor. I turned it over in my hands and watched in wonder and delight as the light traced circles around the narrow tunnel. "Flashlight," I repeated. I grinned until my incisors bit into my lower lip. "That's very handy, isn't it?" What else had humans gotten up to in my absence? I set off with the light toward the faraway hum of people, belly aching with a new hunger for humankind. 