
I don't know how I became so obsessed and passionate in the world of potions and alchemy. Maybe it was when I saw my dad mix a dubious looking drink of some kind when I was 10. Or maybe it was when I saw all the colorful bottles in the storefront of the old potion shop in town before it closed down. Whatever it was, I was drawn in and wanted to learn how to make them. I remember reading my first potion book when I was 13. It described how to make simple concoctions, such as those that renewed one's health and those magical drinks that re-energize the magicians of the realm. It also had a small appendix containing simple explanations about how some ingredients work the way they do. We all know Lifeweed has health restoring properties, but did you know that red wasp honey amplifies the effects? That's why the more potent life potions are deeper red in color! The more you use, the stronger the potion. That means red wasp honey is always in demand for us. So whenever we see an adventurer come into town, we always try to strike a deal with them. Personally, I offer some money and some potion samples for a week's supply of red wasp honey. That's not too bad of a fair trade, right? One day, I got way more than I could ever bargain for. An adventurer came in asking for some of the finest potions I had available. My stock for what he wanted was getting scarce, so I brought out what I had and asked him if he could help me with getting some honey. He agreed with a smile that made my face feel warm and set out to go annoy some red wasps. He came back with an *impressive* supply of honey for me! Even though I just asked for enough for a week, he came back with at least two weeks worth of potions! And he set all the honey on my counter with that same smile he gave me when he accepted my request. "It's no problem!" he said with a gentle voice that complimented his clean short brown hair and bright blue eyes. I think my heart skipped a beat. I asked him if he could wait for a little bit; I wanted to make some fresh potions for him as a thanks for all the hard work he did for me. He said he planned to be in town for a little bit anyway... something about needing to upgrade his sword or something. I offered my payment for his services to help him buy an even nicer sword, which he took with a smile and another "thank you", and to come back in about an hour while I made his potions. I went into the back and got to work. Lifeweeds, red wasp honey, and some water to thin it out. I wanted to make these potions special for him, though. Something I really hope he would appreciate. So, I dug through all my drawers and checked all of my jars for any kind of herb that would add a nice garnish to the potion. Bulkbark? No, only have one left, need to save that... Firepepper? I don't know if he likes spicy food... Bluegrass? No, he's not a magician... Heartleaves? Hm... this actually sounds like a good idea! When he came back, I had a case of potions ready for him. I even told him I added something extra as a little thanks. He was curious, and opened one of the bottles to try it out. "On top of the usual health restoration, I added an herb that should add a little flavor." After a taste he looked at me in the eyes and said, "This is pretty good, thank you!" I was so relieved. Over the course of a few years he would be a repeat customer to my store. We would see each other grow together: Me as a potion alchemist and him as, eventually, a hero. And every time he would come to visit, I would make the same special health potion recipe every time, just for him. Fast forward to today... He killed the dragon and rescued the royal princess. The king held a ceremony to celebrate the princess's return and the hero's deeds for the kingdom. I attended the ceremony to see the hero, and to see what happens. Usual fanfare played, the king had a speech, thanked the hero. That was when the princess interrupted her dad and professed her love to the hero. "My knight in shining armor, will you do me the honor of being my hero, till death do us part?" "I'm sorry, princess, I can not." Dead silence. "I... already have someone my heart is meant for." The hero walked down the aisle out of the castle. Murmurs started among the crowd, the king stood there stunned, the princess on the ground trying to hide the tears from her face. He then passed by me, we locked eyes, and stopped. "There you are, my beloved!" Gasps were heard among the crowd as all eyes turned towards us two. He came up to me and got down on one knee. "My precious maker of potions, your passion for life saving salves and the heart you put into these spirits is incredible. Every time I partake in one of your miraculous concoctions, I feel your loving intentions to make sure that the adventurer that drinks your potion comes home safe. All I can think about is you. Will you marry me?" I tearfully nodded and kissed him on the spot. And that is how I discovered the properties of Heartleaves in potions. 