
Maybe setting the break room on fire wasn't the best way to test my abilities. I could have started small, gone home and played with a lighter but as my mother said, go big or go home. That advice proving rather horrible as I watched the orange flames dance around the break room, slowly creeping towards me as I retreated towards the door, only to feel my back collide with the chest of my boss. "I didn't mean to set the break room on fire, It's a funny story. I was going to test my supposed magical abilities on the stove and someone must have spilled some oil or something on the stove and boom, the place goes up in flames." I could only laugh as the man's stern-faced seemed to pucker, as if someone had just dropped a pack of sour lollies into his mouth, only now starting to feel their effect. It was horrible, not only was I going to be fined and possibly jailed for this, but I would also be fired which was a Catch 22. How could I pay back my fines if I had no money? Accepting my fate, I gave a silent prayer to the God of human resources hoping he may be merciful. "Haha, that's Craig for you, always setting the house on fire with his work ethic. Excellent work sport." It stunned me, receiving a firm smack across my back as the man adjusted his tie, acting as if the fire was only a bit of tacky CGI. He looked around the room before glancing down at me. "Please call the fire department, A fire is terrible for business, or so I have heard. Keep up the superb work and you might even be promoted my little fire starter." Again reduced to silence, only able to sputter out a small. "T-thank you, sir, I'll get right onto it." I couldn't believe it, even as I called the fire department, I expected him to come in and change his mind. It was like I was unfire.... Oh. I could almost laugh, it seems the genie twisted my words, making me unfireable. It was kind of nice but also I was a little miffed about not being able to jump into pits of fire, that would have been more fun. But beggars can't be choosers. The next few months were great, because of my ability I could work my way up a few positions, sitting on a comfortable $80,000 plus job, Spending all of my time just swinging back and forth in my chair, at first I would get scared when the boss would suddenly intrude to see me goofing off, only for him to give me a smile and nod. "Hard at work, or hardly working. You should take a break, you work too hard." He laughed, and I awkwardly laughed along with him. That fear of losing my job soon fading, it was getting to the point where I didn't even bother getting dressed for work, just rocking up in my sleepwear, happily arriving at my desk only to blindly tap away at the keyboard, not even entering any information. I often questioned why I even came to work, its not like my job would vanish if I didn't show up. I think I just enjoyed the routine, If I were to leave and stay home all day, I would grow bored. Soon I started to spread my talents, applying for new jobs, accepting them and then never showing up for more than an interview. After all, once I was hired, I was unfirable. Life was good and it would remain good, at least until we have another office fire and I'm reminded of how much cooler my ability could have been. {If you enjoyed my story, Feel free to check out r/pmmeyabootysstories Any support helps! I will also be posting more of my writing there.} 