
The biting cold rips through my worn sweater, clawing it's way deep into my chest and right down to the bone. I shiver against the cold and draw what little cloth I have closer, trying to ward off the chill. It's useless but I try anyway. I curl up in the stone corner, where the stairs rise up to meet a pair of heavy wooden doors that lead to the cavernous meeting place for religious types. Not that they're out, everyone's hiding in their warm homes as winter descends on the city. Everyone but the unlucky few. I hear footsteps coming towards me, crunching on the fresh snow with vigour, someone attempting to flee the chill as quickly as they can. I look up and offer a shaky hand. "Spare some change?" He looks down at me with pity, then up to the heavy doors. He smiles at me, offering his hand instead of money. "Come with me, we'll get you warm." He lifts me up and I stammer out thanks, then a violent sneeze takes me. My head throws back and comes forward into the tattered sweater sleeve. It shakes the stone, or seems to at least. "Bless you," he says, then he stops. He stops dead in his tracks. He turns to me slowly and his eyes narrow and he points at me with an accusing finger. Then his eyes are wide and he shouts at me. "You! You filthy, rotten sonuvabitch!" I smile and shed the sweater, the cold doesn't bother me. Not even a little. The snow could fall for a thousand years and it wouldn't slow me down. I dance a little and point back at him, laughing gleefully. Like a little child. "Got you, got you, got you!" His shoulders sag and he sighs, the cold forgotten as he loses our little game. There's not much else to do when you're both immortal. The last demon and the last angel, playing this dance for eternity. "I'll get you," he says, finally lifting his head with a smile. Whenever I win he cooks for me, he's a really good cook. Tonight, tonight will be a good night. Also he has that delicious sacramental wine. Oooh it just gives me tingles thinking about it. We step up to the doors together, laughing. After all these years, there's nothing left to hate about each other. Why carry on the war if there's just two soldiers? And he makes a curry that would make a demon sweat. So there's that. 