
After an exhausting day in the yard, sleep came quickly to Alice. She lay her head on the pillow and slipped into her usual evening world of dreams - laying under the tree watching the birds, walking along the sands of her favorite beach while letting the waves lap upon her. Alice looked forward to her nights of dreaming, especially after long days. Tonight, though, her dreams were not to be so peaceful. Alice awoke sharply, greeted by the familiar pain of claws to her ear and Eva standing over her, looking down. It wasn't unusual for the family cat to decide midnight was an appropriate time to be seeking attention, but it was certainly out of the ordinary for her to speak. "That's so you know this is real. Follow me, we haven't much time.", said the cat. Alice looked around, noting that the sun had still not risen, and that others in the home still slept soundly. "Look, Eva, if you're talking to me and I understand you, then this most certainly is a dream." Eva sliced out with her claws again, this time drawing a little blood from the other ear. "Let's not keep doing this, you're out of ears now and we're almost out of time. Get up, follow me, now." The cat turned and began to sneak her way along the hallway, avoiding the plastic matting covering the carpet from stains as if it were lava. Alice followed, wearily, but concerned. At the end of the hallway was the kitchen, and beyond that, through a dark portal guarded by the baby gate, was the garage. Eva squeezed herself through the gate and pounced upwards from the other side, releasing the catch, allowing the gate to swing open. Alice wasn't even aware she could do that, but she was definitely impressed. The cat beckoned Alice into the garage and moved off towards the shelving units behind the car. Alice thought for a moment before proceeding into the garage. This would be much easier if she were to simply turn the light on instead of creeping around with an animal known to have good night vision, but then, she's following a talking cat, so it's probably best to just do what the cat instructs at this point. As Alice rounded the car, Eva jumped up onto the workbench. "So, here's the deal. My toy is stuck under this bag, which is way to heavy for me to move by myself. If you move it for me, I get my toy, and you can go back to whatever it is your kind do. Do we have an accord?" "You... you just want your toy? You said we didn't have much time, I thought this was important!" Alice growled, angrily. "It is important", replied Eva, "as if I don't have my toy then I'll tear apart the sofa, and if I tear apart the sofa during the night then we both know what's going to happen, and I'm trying to prevent that. We both know you can move the bag, and we both know you're going to, so let's just get this over with." Alice was taken aback by the cats logic, though also slightly saddened by her motives behind this impromptu alliance. Ever since the cat had first been adopted, Alice had tried to find some way of gaining her affection, but it would seem the only way to do that was to become a disposable part of a nighttime garage raid. So be it, she thought, at least it was a start. John awoke to crashing sounds from the garage. He reached over to behind his nightstand and grabbed the baseball bat he kept for just this kind of time. He crept along the hallway, avoiding the plastic matting which crinkled and cracked under weight. He tread lightly over the laminate wood in the kitchen, avoiding the sticking sounds his feet would make across it. With a deep breath, he flicked the garage light on - "STOP RIGHT THERE!" he yelled. Eva bolted from sight before his eyes had time to adjust, toy grasped tightly in her mouth. Alice started, her paws failing to gain meaningful traction on the concrete floor, as John looked across the car to find her flailing in a pile of kibble, the bag of food split wide open under the workbench. "Right, that's enough, you're going in your cage for the night." He grabbed her collar and led her firmly to her cell, locking the door once she was in, and returned to bed. "Thanks", said Eva, "maybe I owe you one." *[edit - missing word]* 