
It was something we had been taught time and time again during our classes. It didn't matter the teacher, it didn't matter the class subject. We had always been warned to never hire a human. After a few centuries of hearing this, of course, it became a joke among my classmates and I. Most of us had never even encountered a human, and none of us had ever worked with one. We simply had no need to. Of course, times changed. After our fourth interdimensional war, times were getting a little tough. Although those at the top (planet owners, colony Queens, and the like) were still doing fine, lots of us down below were getting hit pretty hard. Running a small business like mine was becoming near impossible. Paying back my employees for whatever meager amounts of space dust they could sell ended up almost bankrupting me. Labor costs were just too high for any species involved in our Galactic Federation. That's when it hit me. I almost slapped my eye-stalk for not realizing it before. Terra had never officially joined the Federation. Their intergalactic travel was not advanced enough to contribute to us, so we left them alone for the most part. Human labor could be what would save me, despite all of my lessons. One lightport ticket and 200 humans later, I learned my mistake. Before I had even finished explaining what their jobs would be, they had dozens of questions. "Have you considered getting customers to come to you?" "How much are we spending on advertising?" "Is it possible we could automate some of these processes?" "We can't just make them want space dust; they have to want our space dust." It was enough to make me long for my old days in a hatching chamber. Before long, they had established some sort of hierarchy, with certain humans being designated for certain tasks. Some would work at the bottom, delivering the products. Some would ensure the deliverers had places to deliver to. Some would prat around and ensure everyone else was doing their tasks correctly. They even had a department dedicated to listening to people's complaints. At first, things were going well. I was making new profits like never before. My company became known far and wide. And all the while I was paying the humans half of what I would pay any other species. 'What could go wrong?', I wondered. If only I knew. The humans that called themselves the Board asked to meet with me. I thought it was just to get my approval for some new idea they had. I strolled in and greeted them. Their faces were blank. One of them spoke up. "Hey, so, here's the deal. The Board feels the company is going in a direction you don't follow. It's no fault of your own, this is just the way it's going. We're gonna have to ask you to step down." He said, all the while fixing his tie. I was baffled. "You're kicking me out? But I'm the one who hired all of you!" The man replied, as unbothered as could be, "Well yes, that's true. However, you no longer possess the share majority, and you repeatedly turned down the role of CEO". Before I could even offer a rebuttal, two bulky Regnoids were escorting me out of the building. The humans had even managed to hire their own laborers. They never even contacted me again. So now, class, I am imploring you. Never hire humans, no matter the circumstances. They will do what humans do best: create peak efficiency, with no regards for anyone else's well-being. (This is my first submission, so if you have any critiques, please toss them my way!) EDIT: Just got back online. Thank all of you so much! I'll certainly try to improve the length in the future :) 