
"And why shouldn't I just kill you?" the vampire asked. Cloaked in black the creature of the night loomed above Tormash from his elevated throne. He gently pet one of his naked female thralls. Shifting his silver spear from one shoulder to the other Tormash said, "Well for one, because you can't. I am the greatest warrior of my tribe and bear the mark of my people to protect me! But for two, because I know your ways. You crave blood and power. This would give you both." "Mmm," the vampire crooned, "True enough. I need blood." A slight smile came to his face, "But I don't need power." He gestured to the large hall they stood in. The room was so dark you couldn't even see the ceiling. "I have all I could ever need. I've lived for hundreds of years without the help of mortals and I plan to have a very long and happy unlife. So what could you, possibly do for me?" Raising his spear he pointed it straight at the unperturbed vampire. "Fight me if you are so certain." The vampire laughed, "You've never fought a vampire before I take it? If you had I expect you would be dead by now." He started to walk slowly down the steps putting himself closer to the spear's point. He lightly touched the tip and slid his finger along the blade. A thin line of blood formed on the edge. "You know silver is for werewolves right? Vampires are weak to- Well I probably shouldn't tell you now should I?" Tormash stepped back a pace trying to keep distance between himself and the vampire. But the vampire stepped forward a pace as well. They paced back and forth for a moment, each watching the other for any sign of an attack. Without any warning the vampire blurred into the air. He moved with supernatural speed around and appeared behind Tormash. "Sorry kid." And he bit Tormash on the neck. Tormash yelled and his blood began to flow from his neck into the vampires mouth and throat. Tormash tried to spin but he was supernaturally weakened from the vampire's bite. He could barely stay on his feet. What felt like an eternity passed as his blood was drained. The vampires embrace was broken and he slowly paced around Tormash and kicked the spear away. "Well boy, looks like your protection doesn't count for much does it?" The vampire smiled. Tormash stood there in a daze caught in the vampires mesmerizing gaze. Inside his mind he was still conscious and awake, his body just wouldn't respond. "Any last words?" Tormash's mouth moved silently, not saying anything. The vampire smirked "What's that? You'll have to speak up." He leaned forward and placed his ear next to Tormash's lips. Tormash couldn't speak, couldn't hardly move. So he did the only thing he could think of. He bit the vampire. Hard. The vampire screamed in pain. The trance was immediately broken and Tormash pounced on the vampire. They struggled on the ground rolling back and forth. But Tormash wouldn't let go. He kept biting and drinking, biting and drinking. He could feel the evil power flowing into in him, and as he got stronger, the vampire got weaker. Eventually the tumbling turned to flailing, and flailing to weak flapping. Tormash felt better than he ever had before. He let go of the vampire and he fell away limply. Tormash stood and looked down on the weakened vampire with disdain. He walked over to his spear and picked it up. He stode back over and stood over the vampire. The vampire tried to speak but his lips moved silently just as Tormash's had. "And by the way." He hefted the spear and turned it around. On the reverse end of the spear was a wooden point filed to be very sharp. "I know what vampires are weak to." #### Harpell was exhilarated. He had narrowly escaped, who knew primitives were so sensitive about their religious artifacts? He hadn't meant to steal it. Well, he had, he just didn't mean to get caught. He fiddled in his coat pocket touching the talisman lightly and smiled. This would fetch quite the price at the Time Travelers club. His time machine shook, shuddered, and then thumped down with a muffled crash. Outside the main viewer it was almost completely black. "What the hell?" he asked no one in particular. He looked at the clock. It should be daytime. He stepped out of the time machine and into the dimly lit room. He was in a large wooden building built directly over his landing site. This should have been the empty field he had been testing from. He noticed a lone figure standing in the darkness. "Hello?" he asked. The figure stepped forward slowly. "Hello?!?" panic crept into his voice. The figure didn't say anything, eventually he got close enough and Harpell could make out a face. It was Tormash, the warrior from the village he had just left behind thousands of years ago. "What? How? You-" Harpell sputtered. Regaining his senses he turned to run back into the machine and go to sometime else. But as he did Tormash blurred into supernatural speed and appeared between him and the door to the time machine. Tormash smiled in the light of the time machines interior. "Looks like your time's run out." And with a flash he was on Harpell and draining his blood. In moments he was drained and collapsed on the floor, dead. Tormash wiped his mouth with his sleeve. "You know, for waiting thousands of years I figured this would be more fulfilling." He searched Harpell's clothes and found the stolen talisman. "Oh well, I guess I should return this." He stepped into the time machine. "A vampire with a time machine... I wonder what Gengis Khan would be like as a vampire." 