
As always the rest of the team left a week earlier. One man had to stay behind to look after the facility until a new team arrives. The rest took the samples, dirty laundry and read books with them, so Jamie's only job was to make sure the generator is going. He didn't mind the job. The white all around you is crushing and so are the narrow corridors, but it's just a week. The trick is to count the days down and think about the extra money you get for this. Seven. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. *Zero.* Zero? Jamie woke up confused. He had spent the whole previous day waiting for the helicopter and listening to the radio. The weather was nice and there was no apparent reason for them to be late. He fell asleep after midnight. Again, nobody answered his calls. Like there was nobody to hear him. Whatever happened, he wasn't willing to wait and see how fast would he go insane, if his count reached minus one. He packed all he needed, left a note and left the facility. Yes, the site all around you and the narrow corridors are crushing. But when there is *only* the white, it's agonizing. Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero, he kept repeating. He walked for three days, rarely stopping to rest. Part of him hoped he will hear a helicopter flying above him, searching for him. But mainly he didn't even think about it. About anything. Just seven, six, five... A cry of joy escaped his dry lips when he saw the first buildings. Although so fricking tired, he ran the rest of the way and collapsed on the porch of the small tourist hotel. He has been in this town before, but only once. It took some time before he realised something is wrong. No smokes rising from the chimneys, no dogs barking, no people doing their job. The hotel was open, of course, but nobody was there to greet him. Although uneasy about the quietness of the place, he couldn't stop and think about finding them. He started the generator himself, warmed up some water, took a shower. He ate the last MRE he carried and went to sleep. What a bad idea, he realised when he woke up at 3 in the morning. He got up and searched the place again. Nothing. There was nothing that would explain all of this. There was also no radio and the TV didn't work. Even more frightened and nervous than he was in the morning when he arrived he left. He walked door to door, knocked, called, but nobody answered. Finally he found a door that was unlocked and not frozen in place. First thing he saw was a dead body. And it didn't startle him as much as it should. Of course there is a dead body, at the end of the fucking world, he thought. Then it hit him, slowly. If the only man he finds there is dead, it's not a good sign. Confident about his safety he entered the house and searched for anything that would help him. A newspaper. Good old newspaper. **"Mysterious illness deemed unstoppable,"** said the headline. It was like a bad apocalypse movie plot. No illness could wipe out the whole planet, he knew. But as he read into the article, saw the words like *highly adaptive, mutation* and *billions dead daily,* realisation started to get to him. *"If this one breaks loose, it might as well wipe out everything alive,"* they joked about one of the samples. It was a mold. An unbelievable one that survives anything and adapts to any environment. But no, *NO.* That's impossible. That couldn't be. Finally he ran to and knelt next to the dead body. No time to give the old man peace. He jerked at his shoulder and flipped him over. Jamie screamed. The man's eyes were gone, his mouth and nose covered in blood, his face was blue and purple in a strange way. He started coughing. At first he thought it's the shock. But it didn't stop. *Minus three,* he thought as he fell to the ground, still gasping for air. His sight was blurry, but not teary blurry. *Minus numbers bring bad luck.* The last man on Earth died, killed by his own discovery. ******** Not a native English speaker, I'm sorry for any grammar mistakes. :) 