
My foster parents don't stifle their words when they tell me that I was adopted as a kid. And honestly, I don't mind. Their mellow outlook suppressed any desire to seek out my real parents. I didn't look too drastic for other people to question my ethnicity or whether I'm related by bloodline with them, so I kept it private among peers solely out of convenience. -- It was the doctor's recommendation to find out my DNA heritage. This dark, greenish, bruise-like condition that covered a large chunk and continually spread in surface area in my left arm was in his words unexplainable, and he suggested more research on my genetics to pinpoint the possible reasons for it. I obliged and did the kit with the doctor's guidance. It was three weeks later when the doorbell rang. The coloration started to spread to my shoulder and chest, and my left arm had become much stiffer to control. Mom and dad were still at work, and we don't usually get unannounced visitors, so the arrival was most awaited. I swung the door open to see two tall male figures in dark long trenchcoats and in dark shades. "Jonathan?" The man in the right inquired. "Yes." That is my name. "We've been searching for you. Follow us." I stayed silent and stayed put. The sudden command left me in shock. The outfit was enough to interact with these people as cautiously as possible, now they want me to follow them? "You should hear this sooner or later. You are the first successful experiment in cross-breeding a human with a flowering organism. You are half plant." I couldn't control my laughter as I shook my head. That sounded absurd enough for me to want to slam the door on them right there. "These experiments have been kept under wraps right until one of our own employees leaked out information on the web and ratted us all out. Me and Reynold here -- we spearheaded the project that gave life to you. We have conducted hundreds of failed mutations - but during one of the trial and error processes the genome code came out successfully, and brought life to you." The man couldn't help but smile. A smile that reeked of triumph and achievement. A smile that reduced me to a measly experiment. "As the police stormed our lab, we had to escape and leave everything behind, including you. We are truly sorry about that, Jonathan, quite frankly, I didn't know you'll make it out alive and still be around the city." The man on the left spoke up, looking at his companion. "We should go back to the laboratory, Mike. I forgot to bring the vial of *hydr-*." I interrupted. "There must be some mistake." I paused, thought deeply on those words. On the slim chance they're telling the truth, they could help me. My left arm had grown limp as the weeks passed; it was only a matter of time before I feel worse in other parts of my body. They could have a cure. "This coloration in my skin, how do you fix it?" The man named Mike turned to face me and grinned wide. "Good. As our buddy here was about to say, the medicine for this is in our laboratory. It is just a few minute's drive from here. We'd need to use a fixed machine prototype to fuse it to your skin though, so it must be conducted at the lab." I groaned. "You're kidding. And why should I follow you both?" "Because without our help, your internal organs will cease to function. We are here to help you live, Jonathan. We gave you life, after all. You could live peacefully with your foster parents, but we would just like to confirm some things regarding your life form. Think of it as a fair barter." The men striked me as lunatics, their words barely made any sense, but I was desperate to heal. "Let's go." "Good. Good." Mike beamed while Reynold stayed stone-faced. I followed them both to their truck. 