
I had kept my word. *sigh* why had I kept my word so well? I was proud at the time; proud of my genius and diligence, but man have I caused myself a headache. Immortality and 1 million dollars, that's what I got, with one little condition. A snail was given immortality as well as genius, and for all of the foreseeable eternity, he would be after me. Should we ever touch, I would lose my immortality. So what did I do? Hell, I was immortal, I could make more money, so I spent all of my million on making sure that snail didn't go anywhere. I had him locked in a box and watched 24/7 while I constructed the ultimate prison for him. I eventually had him sealed in a Tungsten sphere and dropped into the deepest part of the ocean. I had planned to come back with more money and launch that sphere into a black hole but I just never seemed to get around to it. The world had been an interesting place as an immortal. Depressing at times with no one to walk beside me for more than a few decades or so, but man...had I seen some cool stuff. I've watched empires rise and fall, I've seen countries disappear after being consumed by nature, most of them small, until Yellowstone finally blew. Horrific to the world, but man, that was pretty to see. I had jumped from alias to alias, living many different lives; mostly to entertain myself with a change of pace, but I didn't want to be discovered and studied. I was immortal, I wasn't freaking superman. After the humans died off, thankfully having mastered space travel, I was able to explore this beautiful universe. Many astronomical events are far too slow to be just watched, except supernovas, and those are amazing. Even with immortality and the ability to go anywhere, I still only saw a fraction of the universe. It's just so magnificently expansive. Now I've been watching it die for some time. Heat death. The slow curtain fall to our universe. Heat death is when all of the remaining stars cool off and the lights go out. I don't know what would happen after that, but I haven't seen any life for ages, and I don't plan on sitting around in the dark, alone, forever. Would it be forever? I have to find that freaking snail. My ship begins to slow out of hyperspace as I approach a large dark mass in space. Centuries after human life, several large planets had been caught you in the suns gravitational pull. These planets had affected the earth's orbit until eventually they gave it enough force to leave the suns gravitational pull, and the earth hasn't found a new star to orbit. This once vibrant planet full of life had become dark. Later finding its way into the line of a distant gamma ray burst that had blown most of its atmosphere off. The good news is, I won't have to swim, the bad news is, I'm gonna have to blast through ice to find that damned sphere. Tears streaming down my face, "how long has it been?" I ask to no one in particular. Years have past since I came back to earth, blasting at the ice in search of the prison I had created. Smooth, dull metal sticking out of the ice. I had finally found what I was looking for. A mixture of fear and excitement gripped my heart without the ability to strangle it...yet. I was about to become mortal. One touch and I would be capable of dying, and with so little atmosphere, which had long since been blown off be some cosmological event no doubt, I'd meet my end swiftly. I sat there for days, reliving the joy and pain of my long life. I had gotten cold feet...HA! Cold feet. I was soon to freeze to death in the harsh darkness. "Here we go," I said, to break the silence. I had forgotten the lack of atmosphere which muted my words. I laughed as I took out a handheld device to cut through the metal. Within a few moments I could see him in the lights of my ship, which I had turned on to see what I was doing. True to form, he was slowly crawling towards me, finally free from his prison. I guess he never found a way out. Another journey awaited me now. I stretched forth my hand and as I felt the soft slimy skin of the snail, so too did I feel the merciless cold that immediately pierced to my core. As I fell to the ground dying, I felt relief and excitement. The death of the universe. The death of an immortal. This was only physical though, and the last thought I had? What comes next. Edit: this is my first post on writing prompts. I remembered the original comment that the prompt was referencing and this was my version of my favorite solution. I changed the line about the sun going out to make it more feasible. 