
######[](#dropcap) He discovered it by accident. While he was standing at the mirror, looking into his reflection, he had pressed his nose up against the glass and thought he had seen something funny. So he pressed his finger to the mirror. No space. The knowledge sent shivers down Caleb's spine. How was that possible? This was his own home! Thinking about the location of the mirror, he left the bathroom and ran toward the bedroom opposite it. If the mirror was truly two way, then the other side should connect right with the bedroom. No one lived in the bedroom, so it made sense that aliens would land there and try to spy on him. He was a classic human specimen, after all, and any alien should be so honored to have the chance to see him defecate. But when he reached the bedroom, he discovered there was no mirror in it. He brought his hand to his chin, contemplating. He refused to admit he had been slightly disappointed when there was nothing. Life was sometimes so boring, and an alien plot would have been perfect to spice things up. He was silent for a moment. Then his eyes lit up. Maybe it was a portal to another world! That was the only explanation why there could be a two way mirror! With that thought in mind, he sprinted downstairs, barreling past his mother, and went out to the toolshed to grab a hammer. Then, he ran right back upstairs, ignoring the strange look his mother gave him. When he reached the mirror, out of breath, he brought the hammer up. This was it. This was the moment. He brought it down as hard as he could on the glass, and it shattered into a million pieces, cascading over the tile floor. And Caleb was left to stare in shock, his jaw agape. Wasn't there supposed to be...something else? Not just a wall, now with a huge hole in it? He could hear the footsteps of his mother rushing up the stairs now toward him. When she saw what he had done, she froze. "Wait, ma, look, I can explain. The mirror didn't have a gap when I put my finger to it, so it was a two way mirror, and I had to-" "You dumb child!" his mother cried. "You spend all day on the internet and you couldn't do one simple search and see that the test doesn't always work? What'd you think was in our house? Aliens?!" she shrieked. His mouth opened and closed several times like a fish. He couldn't admit that was what he actually thought. When he saw her rolling up her sleeves, he bolted. "Ma, please! OW! It was an accident! OW! I - OW! MA STOP HITTING ME I WON'T DO IT AGAIN I'M SORRY!" ***** r/AlannaWu 