
"Will the deceased please rise." I stood. The court of Asgard was quite intimidating. Odin presided with Thor arguing against us. "As you can see," Thor said "This is no weapon, merely a cooking implement. Like any other, surely we wouldn't let any hero with a spoon into Valhalla now will we?" The crowd in the courtroom laughed. My lawyer stood "Objection your honor, speculation." The lawyer adjusted his suit, when your soul was on the line, the best lawyer would do. Loki smiled and raised his arms in a plaintive gesture. "At least I don't think we've ruled that spoons aren't weapons." Odin peered down with his one good eye. "Mmm sustained, no precedent has yet been set for spoons." "Withdrawn... father." "Tell me, if the prosecution thinks a spatula isn't a weapon, what exactly is a weapon?" Loki asked baiting the trap. "Why, it's a tool meant to defend oneself of course. Staves, swords," Thor smiled and raised his hammer Mjolnir above him "And hammers." The crowd hooted at the sight of the legendary weapon. "So anything that you use to defend yourself you say. What about from non corporal threats, like magic for example, threats to ones survival of all types would seem to count correct?" Thor thought for a moment. "Yes I suppose a charm could count as a weapon. Protection from magic is self defense." "So would protecting yourself from existential threats then count? Like starvation, if you can't feed yourself you are in jeopardy. Can a weapon be used to feed yourself?" "Indeed!" Thor exclaimed "I have often used my hammer on hunts." "Ah HA!" Loki exclaimed "So therefore using a spatula to prevent your starvation makes it a weapon?" Thor looked confused, "That's obviously not what I meant." "Stenographer please read back what Thor just said in response to my last question?" Loki asked with an ingratiating tone. "Ok let's see, Loki: Can a weapon be used to feed yourself. Thor: Indeed. Shall I continue?" "Thank you, that'll be all stenographer," Loki replied. "So by the prosecutions own logic a spatula, used to feed oneself and protect from starvation is in fact a weapon." "Your honor the defense is willfully misinterpreting my statement. Surely you must see this." "Do not presume to tell me what I see Thor Odinson..." Odin replied in a booming voice. "I rule in favor of the defense. A spatulla can be used as a weapon." I stood and pumped my fist, "YES! Valhalla here I come." "On the condition," Odin continued "That you use this weapon come Ragnarok." "I... uh," I studdered "Take the deal" Loki whispered. "You just have to fight a giant snake with the other heroes. You won't even have to do anything." "Very well, I accept this deal. I shall save the world." I smirked, "With a spatula." 