
Decided to try it out in a different POV. McGonagall remembered when they took in her favorite tenant, Harry 'Potter'. He had lovely parents, but by the time the boy had turned 11 his delusions had painted his family as foul ugly human beings. It was his mother Petunia who was most broken hearted by this development. She would labor for hours on his birthday to bake him a cake and lovingly wrap each gift. Dudley, Harry's brother, would help cut Harry's cake and unwrap his presents for him... McGonagall heard all these things from Harry, but the cake was never for him and he never received a single present in his telling. He didn't even remember begging to live under the stairs, even though Petunia tried to get him to stay in his room. McGonagall loves Harry's stories, even though it was clear to her that she was a stern teacher within them. Surely the wrinkles that painted her face gave her bones features a stern polish. She didn't mind terribly, she was simply happy to be a part of them. Recently, however, his stories have become gloomy and are always delivered in broken sentences. After seven years of care, the Dursley's finally agreed the Medicare their son. Petunia was particularly insistent that there was nothing so wrong with her son to warrant medication. After seven years with no progress... the pale and broken woman just wished for her son to call her mom one last time before she passed. The medication worked. Harry became confused as parts of the delusions began to 'come' into focus. His treatment wouldn't fix his issues, but they may be able to ground him a little. McGonagall felt sick to her stomach when she would bring him his medicine and he would stare blankly at her and ask who she was. Harry was in limbo, stuck between two worlds. One minute he would be on an adventure with 'Ron' and 'Hermione' and the next he would be staring the world around him... like he left all his joy with his delusions. Today marks his 3rd month on medication. McGonagall, even though she was the head nurse, always insisted on bringing him the medicine everyday. "Good Morning, Harry. Ready for a day of adventure?" Her normal greeting. "You don't really turn into a cat do you." It wasn't a question. His mind had worked out that truth from his ailed mind. "Can anyone turn into animals... or was that all..." McGonagall swallowed the lump in her throat with no success. "Well... no Harry. There isn't anyone who can turn into an animal." She placed the tray on the bedside table. "How did that end up in my mind?" "Your mother brought in a favorite book of yours once... Animorphs, or something like that." "Mother? Then she isn't..." "No she isn't dear. Don't worry, Harry. One day at a time we will help you find your way back to her." The rest of the conversation was mundane and nothing out of the ordinary, but when McGonagall left his room she couldn't help but shed some tears as she lost her favorite status. Harry Potter's, the boy who lived, Professor McGonagall. Proud head of the Gryffindor house and an integral part of his story. 