
"THIS IS OUR BIRTHRIGHT! We will reclaim it!" Fleet Captain Julius Kaine spoke angrily to the holo-specter of the Terran Orbital Defense Commander Sorlain. Sorlain replied with controlled anger "You lost that birthright when your ancestors abandoned ours just to save their sorry souls from the Archon invasion." Julius was frustrated. He was top of the academy, one of the greatest captains in the New Earth's history. After 700 years they were ready to retake their homeworld. The warp gate only led their ancestors to Gaia system, but it took them a century to build the jumpspace technology to travel anywhere. They had had only recently discovered Earth's location and were ready to retake it by force from the Archons. They were told that those who stayed behind were heroes who sacrificed themselves for the greater good. Instead he found a planet with glimmering cities, blue oceans, forests and an orbital defense shipyard ring around the planet. "YOUR ancestors were HEROES! To deny this unification is to disrespect them!". Sorlain's face grew dark. "Your ancestors abandoned those who they deemed unworthy" she said. "They were poor, average, criminals and even those who served the army. You left us behind to die at the hands of the Archons. Yet we stood the tide and for 50 years we fought until we defeated them with unlikely allies. Now we are at the peak of our society and YOU think you can come and take it all away?." "But the Archons will surely return and..." Julius said but Sorlain cut him off "The Archons are dead." shocked, Julius continued "There will still be others and you need us." "No we don't." " If you do not comply we will use force. Your defense ring won't hold up against the might of the entire New Earth Fleet." Julius smiled at his checkmate. Sorlain returned the smile "True, but remember the unlikely allies I talked about?" Alarms blared around Julius as several massive ships appeared around his fleet. Another holo-specter of a tall green eyed human appeared, "This is High Captain Carvos Ultren of the Grand Alliance. Stand down or you will be obliterated". Sorlain's smile grew "Carvos's people were the ones who helped us defeat the Archons on Terra as they too had lost their home to them. Together we rallied other races and ended the Archon warmachine once and for all. What you threaten now is a founding race of the Grand Alliance. Any attack on us is an attack on them. Now you will return to New Earth and tell them we are independent. If they wish to negotiate a mutually beneficial alliance or join the GA, that can be arranged. Else we advice you keep to your sector and cease hostility on us or our allies unless you wish for a war you cannot win. And we call our home Terra. Earth was the name we used before we liberated it from the Archons" Julius could feel his face getting red while looking at his crew on the bridge he said "Signal a retreat." Looking back at Sorlain and Carvos " This is not over" his anger was barely contained as his fleet made the jump back to New Earth to report his failure. "Carvos alert the council. Tell them to increase defenses and have several fleets patrol the solar system especially on our colonies." Sorlain said, "I have a feeling this isn't over." &#x200B; edit: had to fix a typo 