
**Please let me know what you think!** The book looked oddly delicate for something so big. The plain, black covers were frayed and the pages within soft and thin, tearing away from the spine in some places. It looked like a book that had been shelved, and re-shelved often, loved and read over and over again. My name was written on the first page, not in some curlicued calligraphy, but with a plain, steady typewriter font. I couldn't help finding that oddly appropriate. I had expected some novel, some plain and staid recounting of my life. But the contents had belied the plain cover. "You have a choice," I read. "Do you choose to accept Malcolm's proposal?" I had turned him down. In reality, I had decided to leave him behind, to forge my own career, rather than support his. What would have happened, I wondered, if I had chosen to stay? I had heard someone say that, for every choice we didn't make, there was another universe, where we did make that choice. Had some other version of me made the decision to stay? What had her life been? Almost of their own volition, my hands turned the page. I only caught a glimpse of the words at the top of the page. *'Yes,' you cry, tears streaming down your cheeks. 'I'll marry you.'* My fingers brushed over the words, and suddenly they were words no longer. I was standing in front of a grinning, jubilant Malcolm, as he slid the ring over my finger. A lifetime flashed through my mind, or perhaps it was only a few minutes. It was hard to tell the difference. A wedding, in some garden, laughter and joy as I walked down the aisle. Standing behind Malcolm at a rally, clapping and cheering as he talked. Even to my own eyes, I seemed young and idealistic. I lived through the birth of one child, then another, watching them grow and mature. Bittersweet tears ran down my cheeks. I could have had that. I could have had a life and children and a loving husband. I had become involved in various charities, making a real difference in real lives. And then, as abruptly as the barrage of images had started, they stopped, with no clear ending. "What happened?" I asked. The dark figure who had brought me here, to this library said nothing. But I realised that it didn't need to answer. "I died first," I said numbly. "The other me, the one who chose to marry him, outlived me. Her story's not done yet." I wiped the tears away. "Good for her. I know she'll make good choices." There was a soft question, so quiet that I almost missed it. "Do you regret not marrying him?" I thought of my quiet life, and my cat. I thought of the occasional dates I had and the solitude of my home. I thought of my sister and her brilliant, vibrant family. I remembered my niece, and my nephews and their adoration of their slightly insane aunt. I thought of my promising career, and of dying young. My life may not have been exciting, but I had been content. And I thought of the other me, who had married a man she had loved and had had children who surprised and amazed her. I remembered her tiredness and frustration with her routine life. But, in the end, she had been content with her life, too. I laughed, "No, I don't regret it. I don't regret making my choice. No life is perfect." A shadowy hand flipped through the pages and I saw yet another choice on the page. I settled down to read, to watch the lives I could have led and the people I could have been. /r/YarnsToTell 