
It takes me a few tries, but I finally manage to get the key into the lock and wrench my door open. I added a few new scratches onto the front of the deadbolt, but that's nothing new. This isn't the first time I've stumbled home after a few too many and had to stand out on my own stoop for twenty fucking minutes just trying to get inside. At least I didn't have to break the window and pass out on my couch covered in shards of glass again. I stomp up the stairs and fall face-first into the mess of blankets and sheets on my bed. Why bother making it? I live alone, and it's not like I ever bring anyone back here. I can't even be bothered to get my boots off; the bed is just too comfortable. *I just need to catch my breath*, I decide. Then I'll take off my shoes and get a glass of water and some Tylenol to forestall the inevitable hangover. Just a little rest first.... "DADDY!!!" A high voice scream just before two little feet come in for a landing right on my chest. "It's Saturday, daddy!" I manage to scramble out of the blankets to find a little girl standing right over me wearing little ducky pajamas and carrying a raggedy teddy bear. "Can we have pancakes?" she asks. I fight my way out of the sheets; somehow the bed seems to have made itself in the night, complete with tightly-tucked hospital corners. "I... uhhhh..." I don't know this girl. Or who her dad is. Or how she made it into my apartment. *Holy shit*. My apartment is now gone. I'm in a white bedroom looking out over a green lawn instead of a dirty alley near the highway. The bed is covered in what looks like a hand-made quilt and soft white pillows. Somehow I woke up in an episode of Leave It To Beaver suburbia, instead of my rathole tenement. "Listen... uhhh..." I don't even know the girl's name to address her. "Look, kiddo... I..." "Can we have chocolate chips in them today?" she asks as she bounces back and forth on the bed like a trampoline. Then, without warning, she takes a running leap right over the edge and straight at me. I thrust my hands out to catch her without even *thinking* about it. And that's when I see the tattoo. Back in college, I needed cash. But unfortunately, I had no marketable skills and no work ethic to speak of. So I found the perfect job: lab rat for my school's physics department. They made me sit in some electromagnetic chamber with my hair standing on end for like 2 hours at a time. Told me it was some kind of experiment on interdimensional travel, and that I might wake up the next day with some things different in my life. They'd done it to me for over a year, and nothing ever changed the next morning. Then they'd lost their funding and given up. The tattoo on my left bicep was the only remnant of that experiment. They'd had to tattoo it on, they said. Anything *not* part of my body could be changed in the alternate universe, so it couldn't just be a note or something. It was a set of instructions on how to get back to my *own* universe. Information about Dr. Walker, so that I'd be able to find him even if he didn't have the same address or home. And, failing that, information on replicating the chamber so that some other scientist in this world could help me build another one to send me back. The little girl wraps her arms around my neck. "Yeah, Daddy? Chocolate chips?" The sheets on the bed stir, and a woman sits up and rubbed her eyes. In my haste to figure out why the hell there was a kid jumping on me, I hadn't even noticed her there. She yawns, then looks toward me and the girl with a heart-melting smile. "Well?" she asks. "I want chocolate chips too." We stare at each other for a few moments. She seemed vaguely familiar... that wavy brown hair, soft eyes... and then it all clicked into place. She'd been in one of my classes at the university, all those years ago. We'd been assigned to do a group project together... and I'd completely blown it off. Better things to do, you know. Mainly drugs. Her name was... Deanna? "Everything OK?" she asks. The sleepy smile turns into a slight frown as she wakes up and realizes that I am in a state of heart-pounding panic. I stare back at her, then at the beautiful house around me and the cleanly manicured lawn out the window. And our little girl, apparently. I was supposed to contact Dr. Walker and tell him what all the differences were, and then he'd send me back. To my depressing apartment and my cold, unmade bed. "Yeah," I say, pulling my pajama sleeve down to cover up the tattoo on my arm. "Everything's fine." I put on my most convincing smile, then hold the little girl up in the air and twirl her around. "Chocolate chip pancakes it is!" ----- As always, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of other stories! 