
The Rules of Teleportation, First Draft, by John F. Craften I am John Craften. By some happenstance of fate, I developed a power that, to this day, I still have not fully understood. In the interests of advancing this field of research I have endeavored to conduct what experiments I could. Some of the rules and observations herein are as near to fact as I can determine, while others I must confess are mere conjecture. I hope this book can be of some use to those researching the field of material teleportation, or at least of some interest. For those who doubt my abilities, I care not. Without further ado, please do enjoy. -Craften --- Chapter 1, Basic Observations *For every event, there is an equal and opposite volumetric displacement* A teleportation event is commonly understood as the movement of an object to some distant location without appearing to traverse the intervening space. In actuality, as my early testing demonstrated, this is not the case. Teleportation is the transfer of two 'objects', so to speak, of equal volume. One needs only observe the lack of any sound accompanying a teleportation to know that there is no need for air to fill the gap, as is the case with thunder. Further testing involving teleportation with water showed similar results, resulting in the brief appearance of a human-shaped body of water at the teleporter's location. Implications are simple, but reassuring. A person can not become impaled or injured by a foreign body occupying the space they appear in, but may cause injury to people or objects in the target destination. Limited testing showed that no material is immune to this effect, with all resulting in the teleporter taking 'supremacy', so to speak. *Exertion is proportional to distance traveled and mass transported, by some unknown formula* While the exact mechanism of teleportation remains unclear, it is obvious that exertion is required in relation to distance. Farther distance traveled results in increased feelings of exhaustion and a near-instantaneously elevated heart rate, appearing to be exponentially related to distance. A higher teleported mass increases this phenomenon, although the exact relation is unclear and difficult to determine due to the lack of clear, objective measurements. *Teleportation does not necessarily include the teleporter alone* Related to the previous observation, a teleporter is freely able to bring worn and carried items, as evidenced by the teleporters appearance at their destination still fully clothed. Living creatures and plants can also become passengers, so to speak, although some intent appears to be required. Teleporting while in contact with an object one does not intend to bring results in no effect to the object, although no testing was conducted to determine if an unwilling passenger would be left behind in the same manner regardless of the teleporter's intent. *Teleportation requires familiarity with the destination* Simple knowledge of a place does not grant the ability to teleport to it. A person who has never visited Paris cannot teleport there, and even familiarity through photographs or satellite imagery requires extreme concentration. Some part of the mechanism appears to require subconscious knowledge of a location in physical space. This may be related to the ability of migratory animals to return to the same location yearly, although further research would be required. *Momentum is preserved through a teleportation* During a teleportation event, any momentum carried by the objects teleported is preserved. Teleportation while falling preserves the speed at the time of activation. This can be a cause for some disorientation. While on the subject, teleportation to and from the air, without contact with any surface, is possible but ill-advised. --- These five are, to my current knowledge, the basic elements that must be observed across all teleportation events and upon which further testing should be based. Further study and increasingly advanced experiments will no doubt lead to other basic rules and more elaborate qualification of each. In further chapters, I will discuss my methodology that led to their discovery, along with a brief discussion on the impact teleportation may have on society, including the clear and obvious hazards and dangers. 