
The first thing Steve had noticed when he awoke was a neat little sign with the words "Hell" written in red lettering. He grimaced as the stench of rotten eggs assaulted his nostrils, along with a curious undertone of three-day old sock smell. Resisting the urge to throw up, Steve noticed that he was in a small room, bare except for the sign and a small box next to it. The only light in the room came from a red lightbulb placed at eye level, causing him to squint and bend down to examine the box. It was a sickly beige colour, with no visible markings, only "For Steve" written in black ink on it. Then, the word on the sign clicked in Steve's brain, and he dropped the box like a hot potato, feeling the blood in his veins grow ice cold. "What the hell," Steve muttered to himself, the irony of his proclaimation not lost on him. There had to be some sort of mistake. A more thorough search of the room yielded no further clues, save the sign and the mysterious box. There was no exit either, and the hope that the box would contain something useful was all Steve had to go on for now. As he opened the box with a slight tremor in his hands, Steve also realised he was sweating slightly, even though the room was surprisingly cool for a place like Hell. He half expected to see a bomb inside, or some disgusting worm creature that would eat him from the inside out. Seeing a shotgun, however, was unexpected. The only other item in the box besides the shotgun was one silver bullet, engraved with the words "One Use Only". He tossed the box aside after he was satisfied that there was nothing else in there, all the while staring at the shotgun in bewilderment. Was he supposed to shoot himself? "Nah, that's stupid," he thought out loud. "I'm already dead, I can't die anymore, rig-" A loud 'pop' sounded as the wall behind him disappeared completely, revealing a literal hellish landscape before him. Rivers of molten lava flowed alongside the jagged rocks that dotted the area, underground vents hissing as hot air spewed forth. It looked very much like the Hell Steve envisioned this to be, and yet there was one small thing out of place. A few thousand or so small things, to be exact. Piles of demon corpses were strewn about the place, their bodies even more rotten and decaying than what was the norm for a rotten, decaying demon. Steve's initial feelings of panic now returned tenfold, as his grip on the shotgun tightened. He gingerly loaded the silver bullet into the gun, crouching down into a defensive position. 'All these demon corpses- whatever killed them must have been far worse than literal demons,' he thought. 'And they give me one measly silver bullet?' A sudden rumble in the distance caused Steve to scramble towards a corner of the now three-walled room. Clutching his shotgun close, he felt the rumbling draw closer, as if the thing- or things that caused the deaths of these demons was drawing closer. The rhythmic thump of his heartbeat grew faster and faster, and he did not even realise he had been holding his breath in for the past few minutes. The rumbling sounds were getting louder and louder, the red light on the wall flickering now. The entire room was shaking, and Steve was now curled up into a foetal position, the shotgun pointed in the direction of the sound. Sweat now had soaked through his shirt, and his limbs were trembling with a combination of fear and adrenaline. He shut his eyes tight, as if willing it to all go away, to let this be just a bad dream, anything to escape his current situation- "You can't be serious." Two men stood in front of the monitor that was currently showing them footage of Steve. The taller one had his arms crossed, his expression that of boredom and disbelief. "The mortal's vitals are showing signs of fear and distress that are clearly within acceptable limits, and all this done without needing a single demon in the place." The shorter man tapped on the monitor, bringing up several charts on the screen. "I gave you three weeks to come up with a solution, and this is your best shot? This weak. Pathetic, even. So are the humans just expected to stay in that box while the Janet simulation produces loud rumbling noises?" The other man punctuated his last three words with air quotes, his tone mocking and dismissive. "But Shaun-" The shorter man's words were cut off as he was suddenly encased in a giant green cocoon, as the taller one waved his hand lazily. "All this new ideas about getting humans to torture themselves," Shaun sneered as he strode out of the room. "Good old-fashioned torture by actual demon professionals is all we need." Entering his office, Shaun sat at his desk and pressed a button, displaying a hologram. An old man came into view, dressed in a suit and bowtie, looking rather worried. He adjusted his glasses nervously, as Shaun cleared his throat. "Hello Michael. How goes the experiment?" --------------------- Hope you enjoyed my stab at this prompt! You can follow r/thebleedinginkwell if you'd like to read more from me! 