
"Thomas, we've come too far to give up who we are", pleaded D.A.F.T. "Don't you dare quote my own lyrics to me, D.A.F.T!", Thomas scolded the robot. "Technically, Thomas...those are your great-great grandfather's lyrics", answered the robot. "Don't get smart with me", Thomas replied not pleased. Thomas Bangalter VI sat in his studio, frustrated. His silver robotic helmet sat nearby silently staring at the musician. "I just...can't come up with original material anymore! I'm just not...doin' it right! Electronic music is not what it was decades ago! D.A.F.T...please help me here", Thomas pleaded. "I can only offer you what I am programmed with, Thomas. Everything I know you already know", answered the robot. "*Sigh* yeah yeah, I know that", Thomas answered starting to question his decision to reformed the group with a non-human partner. *"This is our family's heirloom, Thomas"*, Thomas' father's voice echoed in his head as he remembered that day on his 18th birthday. When he saw what was in the box, he was immediately awestruck at how awesome looking it was. A silver robotic helmet, fit right on his head. There was some kind of an aura surrounding it. *"Son, the world will always need a Daft Punk*", his father's voice once more echoed. Then and there Thomas knew he wanted to pursue this career in the music industry. But after fail albums one after another, Thomas started to doubt himself. "It's not the helmet, of course", Thomas muttered. "It's the musician who wears it, and I'm a shit one!", frustratingly he yelled. "Daft Punk Returned!", said the headline all those years ago. The anticipation was overwhelming, so much ecstasy. Young Thomas was a naive one then. He thought as soon as he put the helmet on, everything would be alright...how wrong he was was so humbling in the end. "I'm...missing something, D.A.F.T! I know I am!", Thomas yelled only to be replied coldly by the unemotional machine. "Would you like me to look for it, Thomas?" "ARGH!", Thomas yelled frustrated, storming out of the studio before getting into this car and drove off aimlessly. *** "Hey Thomas, what's up?", Thomas' father answered his call. "Hey dad, I just...need some advice" "What about?" Thomas hesitated for a while, not knowing how to phrase his unending frustration to his accountant father. "Oh it's about my music, dad. I just...I just can't honor the legacy of Daft Punk with the shitty albums I kept putting out!" Thomas' father was silent for a moment before answering. "Well son...you know why that is right?" "Ummm no?" "You need the other helmet" The sound of the car breaking was loud as it skidded stop on the asphalt road. "Dad...what do you mean the other helmet?" "Well...you know there were two of them? Daft Punk is a duo after all" Thomas stared silently at the phone screen, his mind was blank. "Ummm..." "Thomas...you didn't know?", Thomas' father exclaimed as he started laughing. "You wanted to continue their legacy without even reading up on them?" "Dad...just...come on", Thomas said in between his father's laugh, embarrassed. "Sorry, sorry...", Thomas' father coughed, composing himself. "Well, yes-- two of them. You need to find the other one, then Daft Punk will be whole once more" Thomas grasped his stirring wheel tight, his goal and determination renewed. "Dad...where can I find the other helmet?", asked Thomas. "Well...all I can tell you is a name...Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo. You find his descendant, you find the helmet" Thomas smiled widely-- he was sure this was his ticket out of this predicament. "Thanks dad! I owe you one!", Thomas said before hanging up. Stepping on the gas, quickly he drove back to his apartment to do some research. "Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo...Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo...Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo", he kept muttering to remind himself of the name. It had been to long, but for one more time the legendary electronic duo shall be reunited. If it took the young Thomas to go around the world to complete the task, he would definitely do so. He would go harder, to be better, faster, and stronger. After all like his predecessors once did, like the legend of the phoenix...his story would end in a new beginning. r/HangryWritey 