
"Sorry I'm late," she says as she gets in the boat. "The game went into overtime." "That's all right," I say. "How did your son do?" "He scored the winning shot! Of course, it was his only bucket of the game and he's still not that good...but he was so happy and his teammates were hugging him...he never had too many friends when I was there." "I'm glad to hear it." "I can't wait to tell him how proud I am." - "He bought his first house today!" "Congratulations!" "He finally moved out of that dingy apartment with those dodgy roommates." "Life is looking up for him, isn't it?" "Of course!" - "Why the frown?" I ask. "He married her." "Isn't that a good thing?" "She's all wrong for him. So wrong. She makes him feel like he's lucky to have her, and laughs about him with her friends behind his back...I want to slap her everytime I see her." "But he'll be okay, right?" "I hope so," she says, her voice quiet, low like a rattling wind over the black river we cross. "I just wish I was there for him. Sometimes it hurts, going back to see him and knowing he can't see me." "Maybe you should take a break from your visits," I suggest. "Maybe." - "She left him," she says. "I only wish it were sooner." "And him? How is your son doing?" "He...is not in a good place. When I left him, he was sitting on the floor, drinking cheap beer to keep warm, looking so much like his father...I wish I could have picked up all the cans for him, hugged him...he looked so cold..." There is nothing for me to say. "I think I'll stop visiting for a while. It hurts too much to see him like this." - The next time I see her, she is standing on the dock, her arms around a small boy. It has been a while since I have seen her, and this time she is smiling. "I'd like you to meet my son," she says. I look at the boy, who has seen my face and is trying to keep a straight face of his own. "Nice to meet you," I say. "I'd apologize for my face, but that's not my fault." He giggles, a little, as they get in the boat. "My mommy told me you have Oreos where we're going." "Oreos?" I look at his mother. She tilts her head, telling me to go along with it. "Of course we have Oreos!" "Unlimited Oreos?" "As many as you want," she says. "And chips too, isn't that right?" "All the chips in the world," I say. "Then what are we waiting for?" the boy says. "Why didn't we come here as soon as possible?" "I've asked myself that so many times, sweetie," his mother says, finally content, not looking back, only forward at eternity with her little boy. - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 