
They called them child farms, massive facilities that tested undocumented newborns for the viral gene S32. If the virus had taken root, the newborn would be given a life of strict regimen and training before being sold to countries as mercenaries. If there was no virus, they were tossed into the meat grinder. At first, I had asked if I had misheard. The meat grinder? Surely that was metaphorical. It wasn't. It was easier to get rid of meat than a human child. Every hour, over a hundred infants went through the meat grinder. And it was all my fault. After all, I had invented S32. S32 was supposed to be the cure to the world. How do you fight oppression? How do you battle darkness? How do you attack a system built by centuries of violence? You give the individual the power of heroes, you give them the viral gene S32--the unlocking of our genetic limiters. With S32, the average male adult could keep pace with a cheetah, jump the length of entire city blocks, and stop cars with their bare hands. It was an overwhelming success and I leaked the virus into the world and monitored its spread. Only when it had gone global did I learn of S32's real affects. Give it to a toddler and it would grow up to be a force only found in superhero stories. S32 wasn't just a physical limiter. It limited what I reluctantly referred to as *magic*. And so began the child farms. They started in Somalia, spread through the horn of Africa to Kenya and Ethiopia, and still they were spreading. Every hour, a hundred more infants tossed into the meat grinder. Every hour, I murdered a hundred more. Which is why I created S33. It did what S32 did for toddlers, but for adults. Only downside was that it also killed you. Slowly and over-time, but eventually it did. Unlike with toddlers, the body of adults weren't adaptable enough for the changes. I stared at the vial, the only one that I made, and held it above my arm. Chances were that I'd die immediately upon injecting it, or perhaps I'd have a year or two. It was impossible to tell. It stayed above my arm, quivering as the watch on my arm ticked by. It beeped. Another hour had passed. Another hundred infants had died. I rammed it into my bicep and pushed the syringe down. How do you fight oppression? How do you battle darkness? How do you attack a system built by centuries of violence? With heroes of course. --- --- /r/jraywang 