
The bell rang, and it rang again. I sighed. There was no reason to ring twice, one was enou-- The bell rang again. "I'm coming!" I shouted, shaking my head. People need to understand patience is a virtue. I looked through the window, and there I saw Tom. He was a good friend of mine, and also one of the world's most recognized historians. I opened the door. He was hopping in place. "Tom? Is everything alright?" He grabbed my shoulders, looked at me intently, and kissed me in the mouth, leaving me speechless. "Roger," he said, "you need to hear the news!" He turned and yelled at a truck parked in front of my home. "Bring them, now!" "What news?" I asked, my confusion deepening. "Your technology! We used it in two ancient ponts from different cultures. One from the egyptians and the other from the maya." Many men came into my home. They left two big boxes in the hall, and left. Tom opened them as if he were a kid opening presents. Inside were two ancient pots of clay. "I don't understand," I said, and scratched my temple. "My technology wasn't supposed to be used on pots." Tom gazed at me, a wide smile in his face. "Your technology wasn't supposed to do what it did, Roger. That is the wonderful thing about it all, you discovered something we thought impossible by sheer accident! It's a serendipity, like penicillin!" He dug out my Equirolaster--it was like a stethoscope attached to a little box I called Equirosquare, which I'd developed for no other purpose than to find hollow points in big structures. He handed me the equirolaster and made me listen to the pots. Suddenly, an odd hubbub like a hundred voices speaking at the same time sounded in my ears, then it faded and silence remained, and in the midst of that silence, deep as it was, a voice rose. It was clear, yet I didn't understand what it said, for I didn't speak the language. I listened to the other pot and the exact same thing happened. After I'd finished listening, I shot Tom a questioning look, and said, "I don't understand." He rushed to me, grabbed my shoulders again, his face was red. "Of course you don't! But you heard the voice--that last voice in both pots, right?" "I have, yes." "It's the same voice in both pots, Roger," Tom said, "and it's teaching them how to build a pyramid." "What? But that doesn't make any sen--" "That's not it! I've sent your equirolaster to a fellow historian, and he's been using it in old objects from other cultures who also built pyramids, and the voice is in every single one of them." I drew a deep breath. "Tom, have you lost your mind? The equirolaster isn't some magical object that can let you hear things from the past. That's absolutely insane." Tom's phone rang, he raised a forefinger and looked away, nodding and saying uhum as he spoke. When his conversation came to an end, he stared at me without uttering a word for thirty seconds. "Tom? What happened?" "The pyramids," he said. "What's wrong with them?" "They are spaceships." ------------------------------------- r/NoahElowyn 