
"Excited?" Selma asked as we walked into the plain white room. "I guess," I replied. "I mean, I should be, right? I suppose I'm just nervous." Selma smiled. "No need to be nervous. It's weird at first, yeah--and why wouldnt it be? You're meeting yourself. The person you'll become. But the awkwardness fades quick. After all, who else could you be more comfortable around?" I shrugged. It was a strange practice, spending a day with your future self. They said it was to help build a better society; if you knew where you were headed, and you didnt like it, you could change it. Plenty of people objected to the mere concept--but after fifty years, there had been no evidence of any adverse effects. I signed a few papers and handed my ID to a woman behind fancy wooden desk. She scanned it and slid it back, wishing me a happy birthday as she did. "Right through those doors," she said, gesturing to the doorway on my left. "You'll be waiting for you." I thanked the woman, then thanked Selma for accompanying me, and headed through the doors. I wished she could come with me, but I knew the rules. One on one. The room was unnecessarily large, considering it was mostly empty. A large cylindrical booth sat in the corner--the time machine--and a single table sat in the middle of the room. A man was sitting at the table. He looked like me. Which I suppose was the point, but I was still taken aback. More wrinkles, a scar over the left eye--but it was me. "Uh, hi," I said, extending a hand. He did the same and smiled. "Hello, young me," he said. His left eyelid twitched. "So, uh, what are we supposed to do?" There was no real form of activity available. Just somewhere for us to sit and talk. "Beats me," the man said. He sat down, oddly straight. I was amazed at my own posture. "What's the future like?" I asked, unsure of what else to say. "Its nice. Lots of people." His eye twitched again. There was supposed to be a sort of connection; that's what others had described to me. You *are* this person. I should feel relaxed, comfortable. But I didnt. And, oddly enough, I didnt trust him. "Say," I said, "I had a fall a couple weeks ago. My knee still clicks when I walk. Does that ever go away?" He stared at me for a moment. "Yes, just give it a few months." There was no fall. No clicking knee. Something was wrong. "You're not me," I said finally. "You look like me. You sound like me. But you're not--" He stood at once and ran towards me. Before I could react, he grabbed my shoulders and opened his mouth. A long, black thing emerged from his throat, wrapping itself around my neck. I tried to scream, but it held on tight. The man fell to the ground, lifeless. His skin went pale. The creature--snake, slug, whatever it was--wormed it's way along my jaw, then forced itself down my throat. Within seconds, I felt it taking over. All I could do was watch. It shoved the other me back I to the time capsule and sent it on it's way. It readjusted my clothes, fixed my hair, and headed for the doors. It was in complete control. Selma was waiting in the hall when I emerged. She smiled. "Welcome back," she said. Her eye twitched as she spoke. r/Ford9863 