
I scratched my head in undisguised confusion. "You two shouldn't have lasted 50 years. Hell, you shouldn't have lasted 50 minutes in a room together, much less married." The couple glanced at each other with a look I couldn't quite describe. They were old and wrinkled now, the culmination of five decades together. Five wonderful decades, if they were to be believed. I was having some trouble believing them. Attraction? Zero. Spark? Less than zero. Friendship? Zero. Compassion? Negative. I was digging deep here, breaking down categories into as minute of pieces as possible thinking maybe some subcategories had rounded to zero. That would explain it. Fractional - infinitesimally small - subcategories could add up and lead to the bare minimum Compatibility Score needed to uphold a relationship. The husband shrugged. "You must be mistaken. I don't think you're very good at this." I scoffed in disbelief. The audacity. This was my gift. My career. My livelihood and passion. I could discern a Compatibility Score from any two people standing together. Usually I found myself at singles conventions, writing off or blessing random pairs of strangers thinking the Compatibility Score was what would make their relationship flourish. It wasn't, but it was still important. Certain categories and subcategories outweighed others, although the total score was just a simple sum. A lack of attraction paired with sexual needs might outweigh any amount of friendship. Spontaneity needed some spark from both individuals. These two, though... I shook my head in confusion. They had come to me just for fun. Shits and giggles, he had said. She had called it an entertaining experiment and apologized for her husband's vulgarity. He had told her to suck his dick. That should have been my hint. "No," I insisted. "I am good at this. The best, in fact. I'm not wrong. Not ever." He shrugged again. "Fucking hell you're not wrong. We been married fifty fuckin' years and here you are telling us we shouldn't even be in the same room." I held up a hand to calm him down. She put a hand on his shoulder. He gave her an evil glare. "I know," I said apologetically. "I'll figure it out. Just sit tight." He snorted in contempt. "My legs hurt. I ain't going anywhere." She sighed mournfully and I scratched my head again. This was baffling. Incredible, but baffling. I kept exploring subcategories, trying to figure out if maybe certain ones had canceled out. Maybe that's what I was missing. There were too many though, and I wasn't sure how much time these old people had left. I opted for a more traditional method. "So, Harold," I began, glancing down at my notes. "What do you like about your wife?" He squinted at me. Then he glared at her. Then he looked back at me. "Nothing. Never have, never will. It's just gotten worse since the day we met." She rolled her eyes. "Communication, Harold," she insisted. "You have to be honest with him and with yourself." He glared back at her. "Shut up, you vile bitch." I think I saw her smile. "She's gotten fat. Hairy. Noisy. Deaf." She giggled. "He's a big baby. He's all talk," she said, patting him on the shoulder again. He slapped her hand away. "That's all I need," I said after a moment's contemplation. I knew where to look. I drilled into the mental categories. Then into the pleasure categories. I continued deeper, past some twisted scores that were thankfully all zero. Then I found it. "You're a pair of emotional sadists," I concluded finally. I nodded confidently. "That's all there is. You are wildly incompatible but you both relish the extent of your incompatibility. You love that you hate each other. You love *to* hate each other. It gets you off or something, I don't know." I shrugged. It was unprofessional, but it was accurate. They turned to each other again, seemingly satisfied. That was that. "Ready to go home?" she asked him. Her voice was almost tender and I wondered if I had missed something in her analysis. He nodded. "My knees hurt though. It will take me a minute." She looked at him pitifully. "Your knees? I'm sorry," she cooed. I had definitely missed something in her analysis. "I'm not waiting though, you old grump. You can walk home, fuck your hurting knees." With that, she got up and marched briskly out of the room. He chuckled and limped after her and I scratched my head in undisguised revulsion. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 