
It's tough working in law enforcement when everyone's appearances are based on morality. I walk into the station, with dawn at my back, and am greeted with the typical dimly lit scene; A handful of the ugliest people you've ever seen, handcuffed, going through paperwork with my frankly, not much better looking coworkers. I do my best to slip by unnoticed into the break room to get some coffee. To my chagrin, Frank must have spotted me as he follows me through the open door. "Wow, Brad," he says, approaching me and reaches out his hands to grab my arm. "You've been working out haven't you? You're looking jacked, man." "Nice try, Frank," I smile without looking up as I fill my *World's Greatest Dad* mug, "but that shit's not going to fix that nose anytime soon." He laughs, "eh fuck it, it's worth a shot, eh?" He goes over to the aluminum paper towel dispenser to peer into his reflection, retrieves a comb from his pocket, and slides it delicately through his hair. "I've got a hot date tonight and I could use all the help I can get," he says. I chuckle and watch the creamer swirl in my coffee as I stirred. "Tell you what," I say, "you catch a bad guy today and I guarantee those gray hairs will disappear by tonight." "Gray?!," he shouts, frantically searching his hair awkwardly in the reflection, trying to get a better view. "Oh man, I knew I shouldn't have flipped off that old lady this morning, but for god sakes I didn't know she was old until I drove by her! It was too late!" I raise my mug and wink, "Gotcha." I turn towards the door and head back to my office. "Oh, I'm going to get you back!" I hear him say. I walk into my office, close the door behind me, and lower the blinds. I've got loads to sort through today, and I don't need any interruptions. I pull out the fifteen manilla folders from my drawer next to my stashed bottle of whisky. I have a feeling I'm going to need that later. I open the first folder, and look through the gruesome pictures I have all but burned into my memory. How could someone commit such an atrocious act of seemingly random violence. I open the next folder, and the next, and before long I have the scene of a massacre sprawled across my desk. Blood, dismemberment, disembowelment. Whoever the killer is has got to be the ugliest mother fucker alive. I'd been working on the case for six months now, since the first connected murder. If I could just beat the feds to cracking this case, they'd make me lead detective for the NYPD, I know it. But so far, my leads are few and far between. Hours pass as I scrounge through my notes again and again, meticulously retracing the few breadcrumbs left on the scene by the killer. No fingerprints, no viable DNA. The only real trace we have is a stick-on nail found stuck inside the neck of a partially decapitated victim. It was an oddly familiar turquoise, the origins of which I couldn't quite place. The killer was a woman, that was obvious, but there's plenty of ugly woman in this city. Far too many to interrogate each, and probably against a dozen discrimination codes. I stroked my goatee. At that moment there was a knock at my door. "Busy," I shout back. "Um, sir, I think you'll want to hear this," I recognize deputy Shellner on the other side. "Fine," I reluctantly say, quietly returning the whisky bottle to my drawer. "Come in." Deputy Shellner enters. He's a tall slender man that is notably dashing. I always liked the kid. Quite charismatic and smart to boot. "The fed's got her," he says quietly, avoiding eye contact. He knew what this case meant. "God damn it," I feel the blood rush to my face. I shouldn't have said that. I mean, the killer has been caught after all, which is good, but this is damning to my career. I dropped the ball on this one. "Well who is it?" I ask, collecting myself. "The media's covering it. Channel five." I reach over my desk and grab the boxy remote for my old tv set, click the power button, and flip to channel five. "The hunt is over, as the FBI has finally detained the notorious east coast killer. Just six months ago, this woman-" A picture of the killer flashes on the screen as the reporter continues, but his words drown into the background of my focus. I'm immediately taken aback. I feel like I'm falling, and I get nauseous. How? How could this be? Where did I do wrong? I stare at the screen, at the most beautiful woman I had ever laid my eyes on. "God she is quite hideous isn't she sir," I hear him say, but my eyes dare not stray from the tv. Her face was pale and cracked. Her lips drooped down showing her few remaining bottom teeth, which were yellow and rotting. She looked twenty years older than her age, as she was riddled with deep wrinkles. I see the all too familiar shade of turquoise, powdered against her blotchy eyelids in vain. The turquoise... I understand it now. My eyes swell as I reach over and delicately grab my precious framed photograph off my desk. My fingers lightly graze the side of a beautiful young woman's cheek in the picture. She had wonderful turquoise colored eyeshadow. That's always been her favorite color. Ever since she was a child. "That woman," I am barely able to say, "That woman is my sweet little girl." &nbsp; --- Hey everyone! Thanks for reading. I've got a sub, /r/perpetuallymeh. Check it out. You'd be the first. 