
Personally, I would have been happier with a compromise. I wasn't skilled enough for the higher difficulties, but "Novice" just felt like an insult. Work had been miserable the past few months, and I had broken down, calling my mother crying. She had congratulated me for how long I had been operating on Expert, telling me she was proud of me. It stung, more than anything. That's when I found out about difficulty settings. I'd heard people joke about it before, but I'd assumed that's all they were, jokes. The existence of the system at all seemed insidious to me. Why have an arbitrary difficulty system in place when there was no ostensible reward for playing on a higher difficulty? I had to do some investigation. The office of the Bureau of Life Difficulty Administration was pretty small, considering its importance and reach. I walked in, seeing only a small desk on the wall opposite me where a concierge sat expectantly. "Difficulty Change or General Inquiry?" He asked, motioning as he did so to a door on either side of him. "Uh... General Inquiry, I suppose." "Just one moment, please." The man pulled a phone off its handset, pressing it into his shoulder as he dialed a series of numbers into the keypad. There was a loud buzz that reminded me of my old apartment, and the door clicked open. "Someone will be with you shortly." the man said pleasantly. I walked through the door marked General Inquiry, quite unsure of what I would find on the other side. It appeared to be another waiting room, which struck me as oddly hilarious, and I had to stifle a laugh. I sat down in one of the available chairs and waited patiently to be seen. After a few minutes of idly bouncing my knee, a woman walked through the door on the other side of the waiting room. I had assumed she would walk me back through the door, but, to my surprise, she sat down next to me, checking a folder as she did so. "It's always a surprise to get a visit from a Novice," she began. "I've actually just had mine switched from Expert," I replied, and she checked her folder, brows folded in confusion. "Ah, so you have. This font really should be much bigger. How can I assist today?" I cleared my throat. I hadn't been sure I'd make it this far, and I wasn't really prepared for the directness of her question. "Well, um... why a difficulty system? Doesn't it seem, I don't know, unfair?" She smiled. "Well, there's an expression you may have heard." She didn't need to finish. I knew life wasn't fair. "I know, but it seems like piling an unfair system on top of an already unfair life. Unlucky people with a high difficulty have two strikes against them already, and they didn't even do anything." The woman pondered this for a moment before replying. "Has it ever occurred to you that what we call 'luck' is, in fact, a product of what we do here at BOLDA?" I didn't need to respond, she knew that hadn't occurred to me. "At the end of the day, the choices and opportunities presented to us are influenced to a degree by luck, yes, but it takes a someone to act on that luck to make the most of it." What she was saying made sense, but it smelled like an excuse to me. "So what you're saying is even though I'm lucky now, it won't make my life easy?" "Easier, maybe. But no one's life is truly easy the way you mean it. Everyone has choices to make, and the difficulty of that choice is sometimes relative. We're here to ensure that life never gets unmanageable." She beamed at me. Maybe she was right. Maybe luck wasn't the only contributing factor to happiness, although I sure felt a lot happier since I'd had my difficulty turned down. "How does someone turn their difficulty down?" I asked. "Ah, the big flaw in our system. Unfortunately, it's down to an individual's parents to make the decision for them until they're of legal age. The existence of this bureau is somewhat... obscured to the public eye. Many never know we exist." I thanked the woman for her time. I had the answers I came for. I knew this would make a great story, and publishing it might get me the Pulitzer. But a question nagged at my mind. Had I made this opportunity? Or was it just luck? 