
"It has to be him..." I thought to myself for the hundred-thousandth time "Old man, overweight, sweating over his fried steak burger. What the hell do *they* expect me to do about a heart attack?" I'm not gonna lie, it's been tough. The first 2ish years were alright. At least I think it was two years. It took me ages to figure out if I wound a clock up it'd actually start ticking. It makes sense I guess, even though time is stopped I can still throw a ball and expect it to land somewhere. After giving up the search for the dying person I really started pushing the boundaries. I experimented with how far away I was allowed to travel, messed with people, really learned about the how the time freeze works. Although if I knew that not aging during the freeze meant that my hair didn't grow, I wouldn't have drunkenly shaved it all off. I can go three miles in any direction before I hit the "time wall" as I've been calling it. I spent a few months triangulating the center of the circle, in hopes that it would land on the person in danger, but it only leads back to the same chair that I had been leaning in, in the same corner of the same diner a decade ago. I rarely come back here these days. It still smells like french fries even though I picked the place clean of any form of potato years ago. I just don't see the need to come around anymore, I have every detail memorized at this point. IF they're trying to get me to rescue someone and not just punishing me, then it has to be the old fatty. I give up. Again. My first guess was the dishwasher that was behind my table. He was literally inches away from my head and my marks are almost always super close to me. He was (well I guess technically still is) carrying way too many sharp dangerous knives, but the man was steady and stable, the floor was dry, and even if he was about to fall all the blades were pointing carefully away from him. I've checked, and double checked, and triple checked, and hundredth checked. I'm done. I give up. *Again*. I wanted to save the meal I was eating before the freeze for when this was all said and done. But I'm done now. Maybe if I can show *them* I've really accepted defeat they'll let me go, or at least let me die. I'd honestly welcome either. I try to sit in my chair but it's leaned far too back for me to actually sit proper. I put it down nice and steady on on four legs and take a seat. "Careful there bud!" Said the dishwasher as he and all around me sprang back to life. "You looked like you were about to fall right into me!" ... ... "Ooooh... God damn it" 