
When I was younger I heard of druids changing shape when they were in trouble. Harmed ancient wizards being trapped in an animal form due to trauma they sustained. I never thought it could happen. That myths could be based on something true. Until I got into a bar fight and was nearly killed. I remember the brass knuckles raking on my skull. Feeling my ribs break. Being pounded closer and closer into death's hands. I was saved. I changed. Alone in the alley I crushed down in agony. Condensed down. Like this was the only form my soul had the energy to conjure. A fluffy black cat with my same two-tone eyes. One green, one gold. The transformation made my stomach ripe with hunger. My insides grating against my ribs in malnourishment. I hopped up on the bar's dumpster. Closed. Safe from things like me. Treasures hidden away from my prying claws. I was too weak to lift the lid. Then there was a new pain and I awoke in the metal cage. A reflective prison where all I could see was misery. Mewing cats and screaming dogs. People rushing from place to place. Cheap cat food that tasted of rancid cardboard and dry food that hurt my teeth. Then... I see her. Her soft brown hair braided into a halo. Her rustic floral dress, flapping in the fan brought in to keep us cool. An angel. A vision of mercy. Her perfume of rose and violets making the others shrink away. This one. I have to try. She looks in every cage, she holds a few of us and makes it obvious she is looking at everyone before she makes her choice. I start to cry. I can't help it. I'm wailing. Reaching out both paws from my misery, beckoning. When it's my turn, I wrap my paws around her neck and rub my face in hers, behind her ears, I nibble her, I lick her. I cry out my wishes but all that escapes is a cat meow. But. . . It sounds like 'Home'. I keep wailing it. The shelter staff take a video. I'm crying tears, saying 'home' over and over. My wish is granted. We have a studio apartment, but she adores me. I have perches and bookshelves. She records me stealing things from the pantry and following her requests. She posts photos of me. She takes me everywhere. Pretty soon we move into a loft with even more perches and we get to spend nearly every moment together. I eat raw, fresh food, and sleep on her chest over her heart in our big queen bed. My name is Jinx. I'm her boy. It makes me feel so special. I do 'tricks'. I'm so smart, I ring a bell when my food or water is empty. I can open drawers and doors. I play fetch! I'm the coolest cat ever. At least that is what she tells me when she isn't talking to me about her day. People recognize me when we go out and say my name. When we sit in the cafe they come up to us. They ask her why she picked me. She smiles sweet and soft, she rubs me behind my left ear and says. "You got it all wrong. He picked me." 