
Marvin became aware he had fallen out of time a few months earlier. It started, he thought, when the image of his brother as a six year old bounded into the room early one morning. Marvin had only managed to blink at him before the boy howled, "I broke your skateboard, idiot," and ran out of the room again. He remembered that day. Remembered his fury and the way he had held his brother down and smeared his face in the dirt. But that was forty-eight years ago. His little brother had been dead for three of them. At first, Marvin visited a doctor who recommended a psychiatrist who dismissed it as Marvin not realizing he was dreaming. She encouraged him to call again if any similar episodes occurred. But Marvin knew his dreams. And that had been no dream. Time slipped away from him in other little ways, like a tide picking away sand from a beach, grain by grain. Pebble by pebble. He came to work and found forms three weeks late for a month he hadn't realized happened. Completed projects that hadn't been ordered yet. Once he arrived home from a day of work to find that, in his thirty minute commute, fourteen hours had passed, and it was time to return to work once more. Marvin endured all the tests the doctors could think to order. The doctors murmured things like *early onset* and *too soon to tell* like predicting the weather. Shrugging as if the wind too would decide which way his mind turned. The tests showed nothing. Time went on, like it always did. Only sometimes did Marvin catch it running teasing circles around him, as if trying to see if he was paying attention. And Marvin did his best to forget his world was falling apart. That is, until the matter with Molly's. Marvin visited Molly's every day. A slanted little bar, but only a half hour's walk from his home. He could wander hands in pockets and regard the stars, shyly winking behind the bewildering city lights, until his feet brought him to his second home again. Everyone knew him there. Called him by name, like he was a long-lost brother finally returned home. The bartender, Charlie, always greeted him with Jack on the rocks. He sat. He drank. His stomach buzzed with delirium and whiskey. And when he had his fill, he wandered home again. For once, Marvin decided not to spend his evening drinking alone. As he left work--after noon came and left thrice in a row, somehow--Marvin stopped his desk buddy Henry and asked, "Is the missus expecting you? We could go grab a round at Molly's." Henry wrinkled his nose. "Where'd you say, Marv?" "Molly's." He sought Marvin's gaze like he expected something to be hiding there. "Buddy. Molly's burned down ten years ago. You remember that, don't you?" Marvin scoffed. "You're kidding. I go there practically every night." Henry's face fell like dropped porcelain. He opened his mouth to speak, but Marvin had wandered away before he could. He remembered that. Walking away. Walking into the night. The sidewalk satiny with snow, and the air thick and cool as someone's palm against his forehead. His mother seeing if he was feverish. His wife, palming back his hair and asking what had happened at work. His own hand, slippery and trembling. His feet brought him back, like they always did. Marvin tried to see the burnt husk, the shuttered windows, the ruined sign. But he saw only the warm amber glow of the bar within. A clean, well-lighted place. Charlie the bartender caught his eye from the window and gave a knowing nod, turned to pour him a drink. Someone sat at the bar. Marvin's stare traced the gentle, unmistakable curve of his wife's back. He opened the door to go inside. Someone pulled at his arm. When Marvin opened his eyes, he wasn't at Molly's. He wasn't anywhere. He was in a little grey room in a little grey nowhere, in a bed that was not his own. A stranger by his side. Her voice echoed as if some the bottom of a very small can, "Dad? Uh, Marvin? How are you feeling today?" Marvin closed his eyes, willing this greyness away. Willing the bar and the lights and his love back. But there was only the grey room. There was only that distant stranger's voice, their hand on his arm. There was only time, devouring him bit by bit, until there was nothing left to take. *** /r/shoringupfragments 