
"I'm sorry, what?!?" Captain Amazing Jr. asked. I tried to remain as calm and professional as I could, but it was really getting out of hand. "I think you heard me. I, as a law abiding citizen, would like to file a complaint against a rogue hero. The Foehammer has been stalking me, and at this point who else can I call?" "But you're Mistress..." I stopped him before he could call me Mistress Menace. I hadn't come up with the name, but I did secretly love it. It was ominous without being overly objectifying. "That's Ms. Jenny Stevenson of 3 Westbrook Ln. I am not talking about the professional relationship The Foehammer and I have. I am talking about him crossing boundaries into my *personal* life. That is unacceptable." I paused. "Look I respect Jeffrey. He's a good hero. But he's overzealous, and he doesn't understand that neither he nor I are *on call* 24/7. Just like it would be improper to show up at your home on Wednesday nights at 7:00 just as you were leaving the babysitter there for a nice quiet date night with the wife...." I held my hand up "which has *never, ever*, been interrupted by any villain in the city, and I'm guessing never will, because that would be a bad thing." The Cap didn't nod, but I could tell he wanted to. "So... Is there anything that can be done about The Foehammer? I mean, you are his team leader. Won't he listen to you? Can't you make him understand how inappropriate it is to barge in on me at all hours of the evening." I could see him thinking. Trying to to work through the angles. "You've given me a lot to think about. I'm sure, as you said, The Foehammer was being overzealous and hadn't realized the impact he was having. I'll be sure to discuss this with him immediately." I thanked Captain Amazing Jr. and departed. Jeffrey really wasn't a bad guy. Honestly, he would normally be my type. I did like those dark eyes, but this time I needed an easily manipulated mark. As an up and comer, he still followed leads. He hadn't gotten a fully developed network to vet his sources. This made him perfect. A whisper here, a nudge there, and just the right amount of evil-doing to be considered conspiratorial but not actually criminal. Then let him go off the deep end... 