
I sit for a while and listen to the Devil play the exquisite, golden instrument. He has not even seen me; his eyes are closed and it seems as if he is in a trance. In his great hands the harmonica looks like a miniature, but he plays it so fast and loud, that somehow, the music it produces is more full than any orchestra I've ever heard. The hairs on my arms prick up. The melody is haunting, but beautiful. It floats around the cavern, and transports me to a ship in olden times. I am alone, standing on the deck. My crew has deserted me and the vessel floats lonely, as I wait to die. The melody speeds up and the Devil picks out notes that shouldn't work together; dissonant flats and sharps; majors and minors that should never touch. I see gigantic waves form in the distance. They crash like thunder against the bow of the ship. The pale moon above is slowly engulfed by a blood-red cloud. He plays faster still; the vessel tosses and turns, and creaks and moans like it is nothing more than a twig. My heart pounds. There is something below the ship, I can *sense* it. Something, great and huge and above all, *terrible*. It is moving up. Closer to the surface -- closer to the boat. It rises! The Devil stops and opens his eyes. I don't know why, but I begin *clapping*. Applauding the Devil. Slowly first, and then faster and louder. I can't help myself. "Welcome," he says with a sly smile. "That was..." "I've had eternity to practice." I nod, as if I can possibly understand. "Am I dead?" I ask. "You are." "And you're... Satan?" I barely dare to whisper the name, and that seems to amuse him. He laughs; a deep, rich laugh. "I am." "Then I'm in... What was my crime? Why do I deserve eternal damnation?" I demand. I am sure I lived an honest life. "It will come back to you," he says. I shiver, and he sees it. "Worry not," he snorts, "*Eternal* is not what it used to be." "What do you mean?" I ask, furrowing my brows. "God has... changed the rules. No one need stay here now. There is forgiveness for all his *children*." He spreads his arms wide and I look around the empty cavern. "Even you," he says as his lips curl up into a demon's smile. "I- I can still go to heaven?" "You can," he says as he reaches for his harmonica once more. "Only **I** must stay. Now, leave me. Go play with your old friends. I have no interest in delaying you." He points me towards a hollow in the cavern's wall. He closes his eyes and begins playing that beautiful music once more. The bitter-sweet sound takes me away again. This time I am in a car. *My* car. I've been drinking, celebrating a performance. I didn't see her in the darkness. No. It *wasn't* dark. There is a thud. A scream. I don't stop. The terrible memory returns. I killed her. I killed the lady as she pushed her pram. Then, a single month later I killed myself. I collapse onto the rock floor and weep as the haunting music wraps itself around me like a child's blanket. It comforts me. When, eventually he stops and sees me still sitting there, he looks almost... surprised. "Why?" he asks simply. "I killed them. I don't deserve heaven." "It matters not if you deserve it." "It matters to me." There is silence for a while. Two fallen angels together in their loneliness. "Teach me to play," I ask. "..." "I want to play like you. I want to bare my soul through music. I *need* to." "It would take an eternity to play like me," he says. "I have eternity at my disposal." The Devil smiles. --- Many more stories on /r/nickofnight (free mug for new subs: c[_] ) Edit: Thank you so much to the kind soul that gilded this 