
Let's break it down. Brutality? Who would even buy that? No, wait, don't answer that. Charisma sounds pretty cool. It'd be nice to have a way with words. But if I don't have enough money to get them all, is that really one of the ones I want? Strength is tempting. Who wouldn't want to lift a car over their heads? That's not very practical, though, unless I become a professional lifter or find a job as manual labor. Neither sounds particularly tempting. Time? Not sure what that is, to be honest. Some kind of time manipulation power, or is it just an extended lifetime? It's probably useful, but I'll wait before deciding. Luck? That sounds pretty good, too. Okay. This is starting to shape up into a plan. Luck and Time... Oh. Hold on. Wealth is an option. I make my selection, and my pockets fill with change. *Oh yeah.* --- The machine maxed out at six sales per person. Fair enough. I end up picking Luck, Time, Wealth, Intelligence, Knowledge, and Speed. Sounds like a decent selection, right? Each entry grays out after I selected it. Must only have one attribute of each type per machine. That's fine - with my new Knowledge, I'm aware that the machine will appear to others, too. I also know that the machine only appears once to each person. But most importantly... I know that the machine only appears to those people who have exactly enough change for three items. And since there's only one attribute for sale in each category - I can rest easy knowing nobody will be able to replicate my trick with the Wealth button. My Knowledge doesn't cover everything, though. I only know basic facts about how the world works - I can't know something ahead of time, either. I don't know who, or how many people the machine will appear for. I do know the world is going to change. So I should be ready. Step one? Use my new Wealth to get a nicer room. Self-care is important, right? --- A week's passed, and nothing big has happened yet. I suppose most people knew to keep their powers secret. Or the machine's just having a hard time finding people with exactly 1,337 yen. I sip at my wineglass and recline into my seat. My vacation was supposed to end three days ago, but with my newfound Wealth - cost is no longer much of an issue. I quit my job via phone call. Something happens on the flatscreen, and I set my glass down and turn up the volume. "...Man with extraordinary strength," the reporter states. There's a guy throwing cars around on the evening news. The scrolling text claims it's a bank robbery in progress. Ah. There's something to be said for cliches, right? Maybe it's time to go for a stroll. --- /r/OneMillionWords for more 