
The old man's eyes sized me up from behind his half-moon spectacles. "Now, then, Adra - I wanted to give you a personal welcome to the school. I imagine the past few weeks have been fairly...tumultuous for you. I will confess I was a bit surprised when the Ministry contacted me about your, ah, case." There was a twinkling in the blue irises that was a bit distracting. "I just wanted to tell you that I know this will likely be a lot to take in...but I am sure you will adjust in good time. And if I can be of assistance, please do let me know. For now, though..." He rummaged around his desk a moment, then held out a bowl to me. "I'm afraid this is the best I can do. Sweet?" I hesitated before grabbing one of the sugar-coated candies and popping it in my mouth. "I do like these so much..." he mused. "But, I am getting distracted - it's almost time for your first class! I imagine you'll be wondering where it is. Down the steps, down the hall, and fourth -- no, fifth -- door on your right." *** I followed the old man's advice, doing my best not to get distracted by the crowds moving through the corridor as I did so. My mind felt like some sort of sea barnacle at high tide - awash in chaos but helpless to do anything about it. I could feel the dampness soaking through the clothes I had on under my robes as the first prickles of fear began to hit me. How long would it take, I wondered, before I was discovered? And what would happen then - when it was shown that I didn't belong? I reached the classroom at last and forced myself not to wait before I walked in, fearing if I did that I might not muster up the courage to enter at all. I took a few steps inside and surveyed the room slowly. I couldn't see an open seat at the any of the tables, which did nothing to allay the panic expanding, balloon-like, inside my stomach. Maybe the candy wasn't such a good idea after all. The room had been fairly thrumming with conversation when I walked in, but it gradually died out as the students turned to stare at me. For a brief moment, a dark fantasy of making a break for it overtook me. I could walk back out of the room, find my way back to the front doors of the castle, and then...what? We were clearly in the middle of nowhere, and I had the very strong impression that the train only came once every few months. No, I was going to have to dive straight in....well, it would be just like my first paid appearance, I suppose. Fake it until you make it, and all that. I continued walking until I was standing in the center of the front of the classroom. "Good morning, all." With one arm, I gestured to the left of the class, and with the other, I gestured to the right, palms open. "I am pleased to be teaching you all." I clasped my hands together, then opened them again, revealing a piece of chalk. "My name is Professor Adrastea." I moved to the board behind me and wrote the name up. So far, so good, but that was the easy part. What now? I turned back to the students and studied them. "This year, we will be studying Defense Against the Dark Arts." I noticed a bushy-haired young woman sitting near the front was staring at me intently. She gave me a hesitant smile, and I noticed her teeth were in dire need of orthodontic work. There was a tension in the way she was sitting...and that's when it hit me. "The most important questions, of course, are often the most basic. For example...can any of you actually tell me what defense against the dark arts even *is*? What does it mean, *really*?" Snaggle-tooth's arm shot into the air and it was all I could do to fight back my grin. Yes...I could work with this. 