
"Watcher to Overhead. No hostiles sighted, Gearshift and Sonar are cleared to continue east for 100 metres." Watcher waited for the reply "Copy, Watcher" the female voice came on the return transmission "I'll inform the others." Watcher was one of four members of the Heisari prospecting team on Allara. Heisari was carrying out its prospecting without government knowledge, and as a result some of its ethical practices were... questionable. A team of only four prospectors had been chosen: two company personnel who excelled at using electronic imaging to locate gold, which was incredibly common on Allara, and two hired guns to fend off zombies or rival crews. Right now the area they were in was relatively safe, but they'd just been instructed to move into a forsaken zone. Overhead had picked up a strong signal of possible gold reserves there, and so the four were advancing towards it. Watcher had no idea what could be more forsaken than the dry, cracked barren wasteland in which he currently found himself, but he wasn't excited to find out. Watcher's assigned squadmate, Hunter, stuck close by his side, both had their guns drawn as they cautiously advanced towards what seemed to be a ruined village in the distance. In the past, ruins had generally meant zombies. Watcher snuck a glance at Hunter, he still couldn't get a read on the guy. He could be anything from an ex-earth soldier to an intergalactic terrorist. Watcher was somewhere in between. All seemed quiet as the two pushed forward into the village. "Overhead, Hunter and I have just entered a village, looks to be of stone construction. No signs of activity as of yet, but prep for extraction just in case." "Copy that, Watcher" the reply from the orbital craft came loud and clear out of Watcher's earpiece. Hunter and Watcher slowly advanced through the village, Watcher's hands were shaking, his bulky assault rifle jumped from one shadow to the next, seeing zombies around every corner. "cl.." started Hunter, before the two spun towards a hideous screech coming from the way they had come. A zombie ran towards them, its hideous, disfigured, decaying face filled with savagery and bloodlust. Watcher pulled the trigger. The high-calibre burst ripped into the zombie's decomposing flesh and tore it to shreds. The body exploded in spurts of brown flesh and black blood, and fell to its final rest. Hunter shot Watcher a look of pure fear as groans sounded from all around them. The two stood back to back, guns levelled, and prepared for the oncoming attack. They didn't have to wait long. A horde of zombies burst forth from all directions, moaning and screeching as they charged towards the two men. Watcher and Hunter opened fire, and dozens of zombies exploded in clouds of rotting carrion. "Overhead! This is Watcher requesting orbital bombardment at my location! Urgent bombardment and subsequent extraction is earnestly requested. Please respond with as much firepower as quickly as you can!" Watcher yelled into his earpiece in between gunshots, the reply came only seconds later. "Negative, Watcher, Overhead has picked up high amounts of gold in that village. We can't fire on it. You and Hunter are on your own, over" They were done for. He and Hunter couldn't keep them back for long, a zombie reached out for Watcher and grabbed him. It bit into his arm, making him scream in pain. Hunter kicked it off him and nailed it right in the head with a burst, but he was soon dragged off Watcher by three zombies, it was over... A hatch suddenly popped open a few metres from the two men, and three beings hastily scrambled out of it. They looked like men, but their skin was paler, almost translucent. Their heads and eyes were bulbous and their fingers were long and spindly. They carried weapons that looked like nothing Watcher had ever seen before. "Help!" Watcher screamed, hoping these strange things would assist him. They seemed to be assessing the situation. One of them aimed its weapon towards the air, in the rough direction of the Overhead orbital ship, and fired. Continue? EDIT: Part 2 is up, I replied to this comment with it. Second edit: I just created a subreddit: /r/WPtoss , where I will share my writing. I'll post my writing prompts there (in complete, non-serialised form when the character limit allows it) as well as the writing I do in my spare time. Subscribe if you feel like seeing my other writing for this sub as well as what I do outside of /r/writingprompts. 