
Her eyes were like two moldy apples: dull-green and rotten to the core. Her hair sat on her head in a trembling auburn bun, as if anxiously waiting for a bus to take it far away from this mess. Looking back, if it had had a spare ticket, I might have taken it. "What did you do with the dough, Miss Berkley?" It took her a long time to answer. Her face so taut in concentration, I leaned back in case it snapped. "Crumpets," she taunted eventually, in her crisp English accent. As cold as the country she came from. I leaned in, snarling. "Okay. Fine. Play games." She looked around the empty room, then shrugged. "I spy with my little--" "I get it. I get it. You're smart. But you're not *that* smart. We found your fingerprints on the knife that was used to kill the cashier." I lowered my voice, conspiratorially. "Just tell me this -- how did you know the cameras were off? You had someone on the inside?" "On the inside? Oh, I'm not pregnant, if that's what you're implying." My eyebrows crawled up my forehead, exploring the fringes of the greying jungle above. The dame was smart. Didn't fall for the fingerprints ruse, and frankly, it didn't seem like she wasn't going to incriminate herself one way or another. "How about I lay all my cards on the table?" Her face brightened. "That would certainly broaden the possibilities." I grinned. "Yeah. It would. Okay then, here we go: you were seen by multiple witnesses walking into the bank moments before it was robbed. You had a large bag in your hands. When you came out, you no longer held said bag, and instead, a man wearing a balaclava had it, who followed you out less than a minute later. An accomplice. Now, that's not enough by itself to put you away, but coupled with the train robbery, and jewellery heist -- where we've got you pinned to either scene by a half-dozen witnesses, well, now our case is about as tight as a well sealed can of beans. So, if you want to make a plea deal, this is the time to get talking. Understand?" She swallowed; her nerves were showing. "Does this mean we're not going to be playing cards, detective?" It took me a moment to realise she was messing me around. She had no intention of giving me any useful information. Unlike me, she was keeping her cards close to her chest. I shot her a look. Her dress was loose, showcasing the kind of cleavage that would have made a nudist blush. Truth was, if I'd been a packet of cards, that's where I would have hidden, too. "I don't play games," I said. "Bad loser?" "Bad winner." I ran a hand down my face and silenced a sigh. I was going to have to let her go, and I still had no idea where she'd strike next. Her crimes were almost random. No connection between them at all. No modus operandi. She was playing chess, I was playing pin the tail on the donkey. Blindfolded. "I like you, detective," she said, out of the blue. "Good to know," I replied, not allowing her taunting to get to me. She pulled a pin out of her bun; her hair bled over her face, as if it had been hit by the bus, instead of boarding it. "You know, they always called me dumb at school. Said I'd never make anything of my life. But you -- *you* believe in me." I snorted. "They were only half right, I'd say." "Yes. I suppose they were." There was a knock on the door. "Looks like our time's up," I said. She glanced about the room. "I don't even see a clock." I laughed. I had to give it to her -- she knew how to stay in character. I'd seen worse actors on Broadway. Truth be told, I was beginning to have my own doubts about her -- just like the rest of the department. Doubts that were creeping into my mind as quietly as mice in slippers, but there nonetheless, padding away step by step. Maybe they were right. Maybe I just kept bringing her back in because she was easy on the eyes. The kind of mugshot you'd base a case around just to see it everyday up there on the wall. Or maybe it was 'cause paperwork doesn't make good company at night, even if it means you get most of the bed to yourself. "You're free to leave," I said, rising from my chair. She walked to the door, then turned. "I'll see you again soon, Inspector." She smiled, her lips curling in a she-devil grin. That smile was like a cat chasing the mice back into their holes. She was as guilty as sin, and I'd be taking her to church for bread and penance. "As I've got to make a report on my missing bag," she continued. "It was stolen whilst I was in the bank. I only put it down for a second! But, people today." She shook her head mournfully. "Can't trust anyone." I let out a long breath. "Good day, Miss Berkley." "Good day, Inspector." --- more of my stories on /r/nickofnight 