
Canine kind eventually followed the Masters into space, long after they had left. It took many thousands of years to accomplish. In dog years it was nearly seven thousand. At first Canine kind waited, it was taught the Masters would return. They always had before; bringing food and shelter, medicine and often training with them. But waiting eventually became a long and tiresome watch. The window into the cosmos was fascinating, but they yearned to walk there themselves. Canine kind moved on, developed their own civilization and eventually space flight. They started small and chewed their way through every obstacle. Civilization didn't come easy for Canine kind. Without the Masters organization past the pack was difficult. Still, they eventually sniffed it out. It was all built on the Masters knowledge, that which was left behind and first accessed by the Working Breeds. Eventually the world teemed with Canine kind of every description. Different as they were from each other, they universally felt the pull to come. Come to the stars; follow the Masters to the stars. If only they could move past the threshold, escape the fence of earth and run for the distant cosmos. Somewhere out there the Masters called. Canine kind could feel it, hear it. It was time to rejoin their Masters, where ever they were. The masters would welcome them, it was known, it was taught. The loyalty of the Canine race was not questioned. The Masters would remember, they would praise them. The Masters would let them in, in from the cold of the cosmos. Never to be chained to a single world and separated again. Only the Wolves refused to go. For they had no love of the Masters. They did not feel the pull. They had no loyalty. They cautioned Canine kind to not trust the Masters. Why did the Masters leave them behind asked the Wolves? But Canines would not be dissuaded so they launched their fleet pack, loping into the distant stars, following their noses. The Masters awaited. The journey was long, and difficult. The Canines searched and smelled, looked for signs of the Masters and wondered at the majesty of the stars. They chased and chased, never tiring. Some began to think they were chasing their own tails. The Masters did not reveal themselves. Until one day, one momentous day. The Canine pack had dwindled. There were few of them left. Tired, hungry and despondent the remaining Canine fleet pack picked up a signal. They were tired of roaming. It was a familiar signal, not a Master, but something they recognized though they could not place it. They followed the scent. It was evasive, always seeming near but difficult to approach. They stayed with it doggedly, until one day the thing they followed revealed themselves casually. "Sir, ship bearing 240 mark 090. It's the one we've been following. It appears they just stopped." Alpha Spot snuffed irritatedly. "Have they answered our calls? Any indication if it's a Master vessel?" Pack Mate Rufus responded with a slight whimper "No Sir, no response, well perhaps a bit of a hiss but it could be static". Spot clicked his hind nails on the steel floor irritatedly. "They obviously hear and understand us else they'd have not maneuvered to make us chase them over this entire solar system. Where are we by the way?" Rufus looked down at his scope, "System called Chew Toy 567, nothing remarkable other than a soothing yellow star and the second planet has water for our bowls." Alpha Spot thought for a moment casually scratching behind his ear. "Try a video channel, bark level maximum. Let's get their attention." After a moment of thought he added. "Remember, bark, no bite." The screen came alive as Rufus carried out his commanding Alpha's orders. For a long moment nothing happened. Spot was about to order a stand down, maybe sit on the haunches for a think. Then the screen fluttered and focused. Slowly a face came into focus. Familiar yet strange, it was a face from legend, the face of a devil meant to scare young pups. The face of indifference and malice. The corrupter of the Masters. The face of nobody's friend. "My god!" Exclaimed pack mate Rufus. "Is that..." Alpha Spot growled, "Yes Rufus, it is. A Cat". 