
The announcement of the purchase went live on every screen across the world. How much did it cost to buy people's beliefs? Pope Francis's speech didn't last long: "We aren't selling the Catholic Religion," he said," we are selling the rights to use its image at their will. The negotiation was pleasant and we agreed on all major points, don't panic. It isn't a big deal as the media is fabricating." *Sure,* I thought to myself, *they will brainwash future generations, how I hate these imposters, all they care is money and power."* ----------------------------------------------------- **Thirty years later** What a wonderful and magic trip we had to Disney's Holy Kingdom. At first the atheist inside me refused to go, but how could I say no to my kids? They deserved it, they did all their chores and never cursed. The architecture of the park left me breathless. An ornamented, golden arc stood tall at the entrance. A few meters past, you bought the tickets. Once inside, the vastness of a vivid green park greeted you. It had nothing but a single tree midway to the main attractions with actors portraying Adam and Eve waving at you as you passed. At the end of the road, lay a gargantuan building that imitated a church. I had never seen a building of such proportions, it seemed to stretch into the realms of infinity. The main gate put the entrance's one to shame, I would dare to say it was made out of pure gold. The details carved on it were an attraction by themselves, the work of true deities. Once inside, the pleasant, tender light of thousands of stained glasses caressed our faces. Their refraction imbued every person in a rainbow of colours, it felt like walking in Heaven itself. Our favourite game by a mile was The Path of Jesus. It's truly unbelievable what they achieved, hundreds of different rooms where you act like Jesus itself. They use special effects when you perform a miracle and even when you rebirth. The thrill and magic swarmed my veins like a shot of adrenaline despite being a non-believer. I also must admit, I came to the conclusion, I didn't know much about Jesus. I could never forget Ezekiel 25:17's passage game, of course, it had a guy replacing my man, Samuel. L. Jackson quoting it: >The path of the righteous man is beset on all sides by the inequities of the selfish and the tyranny of evil men. Blessed is he who, in the name of charity and good will, shepherds the weak through the valley of the darkness. For he is truly his brother's keeper and the finder of lost children. And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger those who attempt to poison and destroy my brothers. And you will know I am the Lord when I lay my vengeance upon you. Due to being children around they changed the context on which Samuel uses it for a much PG one about helping your fellow brothers despite and through their adversities. You didn't have to shoot but to bless your brothers in the cafeteria. I won't lie I found it much more wholesome and real than Pulp Fiction's violent scenes. We really had a good time, both my son's Thomas and Matthew are begging me to come back! Yet, the following weekend, I felt a frozen stab deep into my heart, icy blood turned my skin wan. I jolted out of my reverie, of the delicious aftertaste of a perfect, brainwashing creation. There was no turning point, not after their words. "Can we go to church this sunday, daddy?" ---------------------------------------- If you enjoyed it come over to /r/therobertfall 