
"It's here." I looked up from my desk to the tiny blob of light floating above me. "It?" I asked. "Yes Uriel, it. Destroyer, Betrayer, Kiler. It's finally come here-to face judgement." I smiled. Azalea was so young. "And to about a third of the humans, she, not it, is hopebringer, Prophet, Hero. Who are we to pick sides?" "*Uriel*. 16,231,631 deaths. The highest kill count in human history that can be accounted to a single being, How can you possibly think-" I held up my hand. "Enough. She comes. I will not have us break professionalism in front of a mortal." "Professionalism, likely the only thing it cares about." I turned to glare at it, but the blob was gone. I sighed. So young. In a cloud of white, she appeared in front of my desk. She appeared in her early 20s, most mortals did, as it was the age they felt they belonged most in. She wore a plain white robe which just served to highlight her ebony hair Her emerald eyes widened as she puffed into existence, or well, non existence, depending on your perspective. But she collected herself very soon. "Am I...?" "Dead, yes," I finished. She chewed on her lip for a second, looked around, and then nodded. "I don't appear to be being tortured, so I take it I'm not in hell?" "A bit early to jump to conclusions, Ms. Rodriguez-" She paled a bit at that and I bore on. "But regardless that's not how we do things here. You must answer a riddle we pose to you, before Moving On," I said. She cocked her head, "pardon me, Moving On? Am I not dead?" She said, her brow furrowed. To think this woman had killed millions. "Irrelevant," I said with a thump on the desk in front of me, that caused her to jump. "Your first focus is the riddle." "I'd imagine it's not a knock knock joke?" She said, somehow managing to smile. God help me, I think I liked this mortal as I found myself smiling back. "Riddles are assigned based on, ah, significance of your life actions." "Significance," she said with a smirk, "delicately put." My expression turned somber. "And so, as the representative of the first Afterlife, I present to your riddle," I said, the line is spoken billions of times. She straightened up in her seat, sensing the formality of the occasion. "Your riddle is...Was it worth it?" "What kind of question-" I held up my hand. "That is for you to know." The last thing I saw before leaving her alone in that room, was a look of utter, absolute terror. The kind that comes not when facing bullets,swords, assasins or demons, but the most dangerous demons of all - those on the inside: regret and self doubt. God help her. *** If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) for more of my work 