
My codename is Green Man because technically I'm a recycler. I repurpose the old, shine it up nice and sleek so that it may be made new. Most people don't know this, but the modernization of Japan has never quite stopped. There are pockets of holdouts where tradition clings on. Like the samurai of old, it's my job to repurpose their stubbornness before they are gunned down by Gatling guns. Or, you know, in this case, DNA seeking armor piercing sniper bullets discharged from an auto-drone flying miles in the air. But try explaining that to guys who toss ninja stars at dart boards. Most of my students are under the impression our roles are reversed. "Sami-son," they call me. "Do you see how the wind blows?" They smile, the edges of their masks crinkling up like dimples. I pinch the bridge of my nose and sigh. "You're standing under a vent," I try to explain. "It's called air conditioning." Other times, I sit the ninjas down and pop them popcorn. I've blocked out time for a James Bond marathon, so they may see how a real spy operates in the treacherous political climate of the modern day. Plus, I mean, hey, there's nothing wrong with entertainment. Except one class clown tosses popcorn at another. Before I know it, they're missing the damned point. They're hiding in the shadows, kernels flying from behind curtains. I have to pause the movie, get my receptionist to lead them back to their assigned seating. "See, what we teach!" exclaims one. "You hide in the shadows, become one with darkness." "No, dear," Brenda the receptionist says. "We simply had to turn on the lights." Corporate likes to bill our academy as an astounding success. The big guys upstairs boast at every holiday party. Once again, the West helps out the little brother in the East. But truth is, they've never stepped foot inside the academy. They just smile and clap my back, saying, "keep up the good work." Or, even worse, they pull me aside and pitch their next brilliant idea. We're talking idiocy ranging from amphibious ninja-manned submarines to planting ninjas in the secret service. Like, just yesterday, a stiff in a suit pulled me aside and said one word. His teeth were grayed from way too much coffee. "Hackers," he whispered, raising his bushy brows. So, the ever-obedient Green Man must now sit ninjas down in front of a computer. My first pupil powers the thing on and attacks it like a pecking chicken. One peck here, and *oh look another kernel!* I try to explain the assignment, one more time. "Listen, we just need you to open up Microsoft Word. Locate the target word file." His eyes are so blank it's practically insulting. To help him out, I get a printout of the document we're looking for. "See here, read the title. *Trump's ties to Russia*. Now we go find." The masked man nods so fast, the knots nearly come loose. He squints at the screen and begins pecking away. Letters miraculously form in the search bar. The ninja's fingers become a blur. For a moment, I think we may be on to something. Like, maybe my career is worthwhile after all. I look over to Brenda and give her a thumbs up. And when I turn back, my example sheet is missing. The ninja winks at me, and my stomach just drops. He's got the sheet folded between his fingers. "Always be watching, Sami-son," he says. "Let not even the call of a grasshopper sway the focus of your mind." From her desk, Brenda snorts out a laugh. I tell her to go print off another copy, and when she slaps it on the table, I lean in to whisper. "Give corporate a call. I'm putting in for a transfer." --------------------- r/writerscrywhiskey 