
Can I tell you how many times I've been woken up at 2 in the morning to get watermelon? Or pizza bites? Not that I'm complaining, I didn't have to carry the child. My poor wife had nearly gone crazy, but every time I brought up the "C" word, she shot me down. "We are having a natural birth, Caesarian's are for quitters, and at this rate our child will be the second coming." "You mean the fifth coming, sweety," I said. There had already been several children whose initial abilities had heralded them as The One That Would Save the World. So far they had all fallen flat, but even the farthest of all those pregnancies had only gone about a year and a half. When we had hit two years, we saw a barrage of news attention, as nobody had ever given birth to a two year pregnancy before! As time wore on we were shuffled to the back of people's minds, save for outlets that would use us as a go-to story for slow weeks. We saved every clipping though. "Super-fetus now at 180 months!" read the latest addition to the pile. "Oh, there was a contraction," my wife commented. Braxton-Hicks seemed to come and go every year or so, so the odd contraction here or there got less exciting after a while. Then her water broke. All of the baby preparation classes had long since been forgotten, but I was pretty sure that a literal jet of water wasn't supposed to be coming out of... there. I whipped out my phone. "Glenden ER, what's your emergency?" "We are having a **very** super baby!" I yelled. Over due babies tended to have a few *unique* characteristics during their birth as well. "Here at Glenden we believe all of our babies are super," the receptionist began. "We're the Millers," I said, "The 15 year ones." "I've got a chopper right on the way," she chirped, suddenly much less bubbly, "please remain calm until they arrive." We had planned to have the baby at our house, since overdue babies were apt to have lightning storms or other natural disasters accompany their entrance into the world. I ain't driving through that, no way. I eased my wife, who was now bent over in pain, over to the leather sofa. It seemed only a few seconds and there was a knocking at the front door. I opened the door, and it seemed a crowd of people were waiting outside. I was *politely* pushed to the side, and I wasn't even in sight of my wife for the next half hour. I tried to push through, but every time they pushed me back. "Sir, I know you want to be there for your wife, but this is very delicate and we need as much uninterrupted operating space as we can get." I paced in the dining room, and glancing out the window I saw what looked like four tornadoes, only one of them seemed to be pure lightning. Looking out the other window, a dam must've burst, as our street in front of our house was now a river. I didn't get to sight-see much more, as a thunderous wail erupted in the next room. My baby, I thought, and ran into the room. "Congratulations," a nurse said, "it's a boy!" "I've known that for the last fourteen and a half years!" I sputtered, "Let me hold him!" "Sorry," the nurse replied. "All births that are over term by two years or more are taken in for mandatory testing. New law, just passed yesterday." I stood in shock as my screaming child was carried out my door, and into a helicopter. My wife had passed out shortly after birth, I was told, so she wasn't here to tell me to stop. Those buggers would find out what happens when they take the son of a guy who'd spent three years as a frozen zygote. [Part Two got buried, here it is](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/6lyf30/wp_in_a_world_where_pregnancies_sometimes_last_a/djy0iyv/) 