
My feet shuffle through the dense snow of the sprawling Antarctic Plateau. I'm darting between the GPS readout in one hand and the Universal Translator in the other, wondering what this could all mean, standing over the co-ordinates I found in my genome. *82.8628deg S, 135.0000deg E* *SONIC CODE: KNOCK...KNOCK......KNOCK-KNOCK* There's nobody else in this frozen desert. Barren white surrounds me in all directions, and then it strikes me: What if the sonic code is needed to open a door? But where is the door? I scan the horizon again. Nothing but white. I look to my feet. Nothing but white. But what if there were something beneath? Under the mile-deep ice sheet, where plains, peaks, and valleys are encased in ancient winter...is that where this will lead? I bend into the snow, shovel away the top layer until I reach the icy powder beneath. Something deep within in me compels me: This is place where the code must be used. I knock at the hardened snow in a secret rhythm: *KNOCK...KNOCK......KNOCK-KNOCK.* The earth collapses beneath my feet, an avalanche engulfing me as I fall into the land below, plume of blinding white snow engulfing me, white is all I see, everything white, nothing but white. And then it all goes black. I hear a singular whisper in the void: "Welcome home." My eyes open. I'm lying flat in a green garden, beautiful rainbow of flowers all around, tall twisting trees, the likes of which I have never seen before, reaching toward the vast ice sheet spanning the skies above. Their golden leaves gracefully fall on me. Glowing figures surrounding me, tall slender beings with perfectly chiseled faces and round eyes like orbs of light. More angel than human. This must be heaven. I must have died in that fall. This a more perfect place now, where all of my problems will- "Hey, what do you want?" One of them asks. As my senses return, I begin to notice: These angels - or whatever they are - don't look happy with me. "I...where am I?" "This is Eden, I'm Inspector #12. You have a problem with your genes?" "I...what?" The crowd gathered around my body all smirk at each other. "Did you even bother using your gadget to translate the genes of other people, or did you just look at your own and call it a day?" "I just looked at my own, but what-" Inspector #12 sighs. "Another clueless human who can't read past the first chapter." The rest of the Inspectors scoff. "You *do* know that humans originated from what you call Antarctica right?" One of the other Inspectors asks. "We told the whole story in the master code." "What?" "Our starship crash landed here, it's out of our homeworld's communication zone. We're stranded, we needed a way to pass the time," the Inspector explains. "So we made some intelligent life and sealed ourselves away down here to hide, gave you the world as your sandbox." "We figured when you guys got advanced enough to decode the hidden messages we left in your genome, you might be able to help us build a new starship in exchange for upgrades to your genetic code," another Inspector adds. "But I guess we must have screwed up, because you guys obviously are pretty self-centered if you keep coming down here after translating nothing but your own genome." "That's not true, it was accident," I protest. "I accidentally input some of my own genome and got curious, that's all. Humans are kind and caring, we just-" "I've heard enough," Inspector #12 says. "You came here, so you must want something. A tune-up? A hereditary disease you need cured? Superpowers? What?" "I...look, I think we've started off with a bit of a misunderstanding here. This is a lot to take in all at once, can you just give me an hour or two to-" "Look man, I've got a busy schedule," Inspector #12 snaps. "You think I run quality assurance on just your genome? No, there's like, thousands of other people being born today that I have to take a look at. I have to run remote microscopic viewing on all of them, do you know how much psychic energy that takes? Make it quick or we'll just send you back up to the surface." "Okay, okay, I mean, I guess if you're *offering*, it would be nice to have some kind of special powers." "Okay, so he did come hear expecting something," one of the Inspectors laughs. "So you want the superpowers, then?" Inspector #12 asks. "I...guess. What kind of superpow-" "That's what I thought, just another egotistic human," Inspector #12 scowls. "Let's just send him back up, I've got a backlog of 100 babies piling up." Everything flashes white, and in an instant, I find myself back up at the snowbound surface, wrapped in my winter gear, Universal Translator still in my hand. I struggle to process what just happened, but out of curiousity, I check the readout on my genome one more time to see if I can find any new clarity in the translation. But everything I found before is gone. The quality assurance, the coordinates, the sonic code. All of it, gone, replaced only by one line of text: *THIS MODEL HAS BEEN BANISHED FROM EDEN - DO NOT RE-ADMIT* 