
######[](#dropcap) "You like that, huh?" Cora scrolled down the poster's history. She didn't know how they had gotten ahold of the details of her cases, but they were all there in black and white. Nomad363. She simply couldn't have them exposing her. It wasn't easy to track him down. She had called on her organization's private detective, even got back in contact with some of her old contacts--one of who had thrown a dagger at her head the second she had walked in the door--but no one knew where he was. Or who he was. IP tracking didn't work. And if that wasn't the strangest thing, it was that the government had no files on the man. He had his own subreddit, so his name wasn't difficult to trace. And he had even put up a picture of his face. Such an open and close case, and yet she had been struggling to find him for two weeks at this point, with no sign of even narrowing down the search. Thomas Gordon. The impossible man. Maybe, she would've stopped looking. She had never encountered such an impossible case before, and there was nothing for her to do. Except, one day when she was simply walking down the street, she just saw him. Right there. Walking out from the grocery store with a large bag of groceries in his hand. She tailed him back to his house, then picked the lock. After it turned dark, she gingerly stepped inside. The house was quite normal looking, with a Persian rug in the entranceway and wooden floors. A dining room to the side of the entryway had a display cabinet with china displayed in it. The lights had been turned off, all except a soft glow coming from the room towards the back of the house. As she crept her way toward the room, gun held at the ready, she noticed the papers scattered around. Balled up wads of lined paper and printer paper, just scattered around. She picked one up off the desk and her eyes widened. It was a sketch of her face. The likeness was impeccable, down to the tiny mole on the left side of her chin and the small, raised ridge of a scar on the right side of her forehead. So this man clearly knew more about her than she thought. Who was giving him this information though? There was no indication that he was anything besides ordinary. She shook her head. It didn't really matter. She would simply have to pull that information from him. Cora slowly turned the knob to the door, her body pressed flat against its surface, and let it swing open. Inside, a man sat with his back to her, typing away on his laptop. With silent steps, she walked up to him, pressing the gun to the back of his head. Then she cocked it. He froze. "Who is this?" his voice quavered. He slowly spun around in his chair, his hands now held up in the air, and turned to face her. His eyes widened. "I'm Cora. The one you've been writing prompts about. Have you been having fun?" "Wha-what? But- " "How did you get all the information on me? Who gave it to you?" she snarled, pressing the gun harder against his temple. "I..."--he looked more shocked and dazed than anything--"I don't...how is this possible?" Cora's brows furrowed. There was something strange about this man's reaction. He should've been pleading for his life. Or confident. Not sitting there in a plaid shirt, a half dazed look on his face as if he didn't know what was going on. "This isn't possible," he repeated, as if to himself. "You're just some character I created. You shouldn't exist. This isn't even--" His gaze swung around wildly, and it was then that Cora noticed the walls. For the first time in her life since she had started down this path of no return, she felt shivers run down her spine. All along the walls were posters of her. Each one's backdrop detailing a case that no one in the world knew about besides her. In one poster, the man pleading for his life, wearing a silly blue tie with a whale on it. On another, a woman laying in bed, a mirror on the dresser besides the bed. All details that couldn't have been known except for the person who was there. Except for her, and the dead ones. And everyone knew the dead tell no tales. "How?" The words came out of her mouth unbidden. She couldn't feel her fingers, like someone had dunked them in an ice bath for hours. Then she turned toward his monitor. Toward the cursor that was still blinking on the interface that could only be Reddit. Hesitantly, she walked towards it, dreading what it would say. Maybe she knew already, even in that moment. But when her eyes scanned the words, she could still feel her heart pounding loudly in her chest, unable to hear anything besides the blood rushing past her ears. **[WP] You are the world's most elite assassin. Although you usually only kill when paid, you finally decide to take matters into your own hands...|** ***** More at r/AlannaWu! 