
"Sarah?" asked the necromancer. His mouth was dry and his heart beat like a gavel in his ears. Every time, the anticipation - *the hope* - swallowed him up and allowed him to imagine she was back. Then, it would chew him up and spit him out, and he would feel the same terrible things as when he'd found her body in the bathroom. It took her a moment to realise she had returned. She craned her neck up to look for the necromancer. He stood at the end of the table, his lips trembling, and his pale face wearing a smile that was at the same time hopeful and utterly desperate. It pained her to see him like this. "I'm sorry, James." "Diana..." he whispered, as he slumped down against a bookshelf. "It's you again..." Diana's arms gained feeling before her legs; one at a time, she threw her thighs off the table and, using her legs as anchors, sat up. James' face was more lined than before and his hairline had scampered further back. His eyes were gray and hollow. Diana thought he was the most tortured soul she'd ever seen. She turned her head slowly and looked about the basement; the bookshelves held many new black tomes, thick and weathered. There were both more crosses and pentagrams dotted around the room - more of his wife's old dresses, too. Then, she saw the mirror and let out a gasp. James looked up. "Are you okay, Diana?" "Where... where did you get the body from?" She gently touched her face, running a finger down the smooth curves of her cheeks. "Oh. She was in a skiing accident. Broke her neck. You," he paused and frowned, "you didn't think I killed her, did you?" "No! The thought never crossed my mind," she lied. "Good. Because, you know me better than that by now, I think." "Of course. It's just I was taken back... *she's so beautiful*." James nodded. "I think Sarah would have been happy with it." She nodded. "James," Diana began, reaching down and stretching her legs out, "you can't keep doing this." "I'm *so* close, Diana. I think I even know where I went wrong - next time I'll get it!" Diana sighed. "James, listen to me. She's not coming back." "You're wrong!" he snapped. "I just need to keep going. I need to keep trying." Diana saw tears welling in the necromancer's eyes, and felt a warm wetness running down her own cheeks. She couldn't stand it any longer. It would hurt him, but she had to do it. She had to put an end to this - for her sake, and for his. "James, you know how she died." "Yes, of course. She was murdered - and I wasn't there to protect her." "You found her in the bath." "They slit her wrists," he said, his face blank and his voice suddenly void of emotion. "*She* slit her wrists." "No. That's not what happened." "I've spoken to her, James. Many times." "*What?*" he said, his eyes widening and his teeth clenching together. "Why wouldn't you have told me that before!" "I didn't want to tell you because, I thought it would hurt you too much." He paused for a moment. "When you go back, I need you to find her. Tell her, I'll find a way to bring her here. Tell her, I love her." "She loves you too, James." "I know," he whispered. "But she doesn't want to come back. She can't. She chose to leave the world, not just you. Trying to force her back, because you miss her... it's... it's just selfish." "Go back," James said, getting up from the floor. "Go back, before I send you back myself." Both his arms and voice were trembling. "Please, James." "Go back!" he screamed, running to a shelf and snatching a knife. "Or I swear to God..." Diana swallowed. She forced herself off the table and began walking toward James. She *had* to get to him, to make him see - but she only managed a single step before her legs gave way and she fell to the cold, concrete floor. Her head bounced off the ground and pain shot through her body. James walked over to her, knife in hand. He turned her over; blood dribbled out of her forehead, dyeing her blonde hair a sticky strawberry. "I'm sorry," he said. "Please... don't bring me back anymore," she said, as the knife hung over her chest. "Let this be the end." There was something new in her voice - or maybe it was in her eyes - that surprised James. It was something *familiar*. "Sarah?" he whispered as his face grew pale. The blade rested above her for a few seconds, swaying back and forth like a pendulum. She thrust her arms up and grabbed hold of his hands; she forced them down, plunging the knife deep into her chest. She could feel her life slipping away. Somewhere far in the distance, she could hear James screaming - *begging*. "Goodbye, baby," she said, as the light dwindled to darkness. --- /r/nickofnight 