
"Holy sh...how did you do that?" Oh no. Not again. Um...I'll use...*that* reason. "Hmm? Oh, I watched a TV show about it sometime ago. I just did the same thing. It's no big deal." He looked at me deadpan. For all the intelligence I supposedly have, I still can't tell a convincing lie to save my life. "No big deal? The woman was *choking* and without missing a beat you performed a flawless Cricothyrotomy using a biro and a pen knife. I know paramedics who couldn't do this just like that, and you expect me to believe you watched this on a TV show?" The medic was right. It is really that much of a stretch though? There have been lots of stories in the news about people performing CPR because they saw it on TV. But how could I explain? My mind is...ridiculous. Without concentrating, without even thinking I see things and just *know*. I know how to use the tools. I know what process needs to be done for what situation. I can glance at a bunch of ingredients on a table and cook something that would make a Michelin Star chef choke on his espresso. I can meet someone for the first time and know so much about them before even exchanging words. And here, I can see a woman choking and stop it. I should take advantage of this, but I'm too scared to attract that much attention to myself. Just thinking on it for a second and all manner of possibilities spring to mind. People may revere me as some sort of saint or God-like figure. People would probably be scared of me, and decide I'm some sort of fraud or threat to security. Most likely I'd be an outcast. Which is why I don't. I stick with my dead end job and go about my dull life because it's better. People often forget the value of what they have, and instead waste time coveting things they don't. Take it from me, as a guy who could have anything, never forget the value of what you have. The beauty of a dead end job is that it's simple. My mind doesn't freak out standing on an automation line at a factory packing boxes of cakes. I can leave it to muscle memory and just not think at all. Of course it doesn't stop things like this happening. The paramedic is still standing there waiting for an explanation while his partner manoeuvres the gurney and patient to the ambulance. Despite her exhaustion, she looks right at me and mouths a quick "thank you" before she disappears into the vehicle. Thankfully it's time for them to go to A&E, so the medic shakes his head in defeat and takes my number in case the police need to get in touch. They drive off and I continue my walk around the park. I just hope nothing else happens. Hmm? Oh, that's a pretty bir... *Goldfinch (Carduelis Carduelis) native to Europe, North Africa and Western Asia. Average 12-13cm long and a weight of 14-19 grams. Typical habitats are low level woodlands...* Oh for God's sake. 