
After god knows how long of waiting the door finally opens, not just the slot where the food trays were shoved through, but the whole, actual, goddamn door. I was shocked, I had run this scenario time and time again while I laid in bed waiting for sleep to take me, but now that it was happening I couldn't move. "Miss Taylor?" There was a small woman with wire-rimmed glasses and a sharp pantsuit in the doorway, she was holding a clipboard. I opened my mouth trying to force something to come out. How long had it been since I last spoke? "Y-yes," I managed to croak out. "It's time, please follow me," she turned on her heel and began walking. I scrambled up out of my desk and followed her. I couldn't remember exactly how I got to the cell so I was surprised to see we were in what appeared to be a stylish and chic modern office building with an occasional prison door like the one that lead to my room. I squinted at the sunlight coming in through the pains of glass trying to determine where we might be headed as we zigzagged through a maze of hallways. Eventually the small woman stopped in front of an unmarked door "Enter through there, take a shower and someone will be with you shortly." Shower. How long had it been since I had one of those? It had probably been three days since my last shower when I was brought here originally, and there was no shower in the room. I walked through the door into a blue tiled room. There were shower head hanging every ten feet or so, and each shower head had a chair next to it. Only one chair had some items on it and I went closer to investigate. There was a white fluffy robe, white slippers, and some travel toiletries. I started the shower and thought back to what brought me here. I had not been in a good way, was about to be evicted, and responded to a Craigslist ad about a trivia show. I'd always been pretty smart and I figured it couldn't hurt me if I got rejected or lost. God was I wrong. They explained at the interview the rules, and how it wasn't exactly legal. Ten contestants, 1 million dollar prize, everyone who is eliminated dies. At the time I thought they were joking. I agreed and they explained the rules further, we'd be locked in the cells for 2 years be fed, clothed, and allowed to sleep, and our only source of information to prepare was Wikipedia. I agreed again. They did a pre interview with me saying it was for the opening to the show, explain why you want the money and everything. Before the interview they asked if I'd like some water, and I agreed as I was a little nervous to be on camera. Taking the sip of water is basically the last thing I remember before waking up here. I finished the shower and put on the robe and slippers before sitting on the chair. I finger combed my hair as I waited for what was to come. Just then the door opened. (second part to come) 