
"Beauty is what stops people in their tracks. No matter what they are doing, if they having the best day or worst day of their life, if they are in love, if they are in pain, they will stop to look at beauty." "But beauty fades, mother," Cupid said, his eyes still burning with that youthful fire, the idealism that would never fade. "Love is like water. It can come and go, but it always there. Inside of you. You must work at beauty, obsess over it, wonder whether or not you have enough of it. Love can fill your spirit like nothing else." "But no person can deny beauty. People can deny love for duty, for purpose, for art. But they cannot say no to beauty." Cupid said nothing. Venus could get particularly nasty when pushed into a corner, and had an underrated penchant for revenge. "We'll see, shall we, son? Let's have a wager about your two favorite souls in this world..." - Cupid watched the man walk past the cafe for the umpteenth time, and the fire dimmed a little bit more inside of him. He watched the woman, the other half of the man's soul, as she watched from the cafe window, bored and tired from another long day of work. This incarnation of them would have gone like any of the other ones, save for his mother's intrusion. It was perfect. He had started coming in to work on his sketches, and she would give him tips and hints, each of them brightening the other's day. But then Venus had put the model in the man's life, and he had fallen quickly, spending all his time and money on this new beauty. The barista was pretty, but the model was a knockout, a face destined to be photographed. The man was infatuated, devoted, but not in love. How could the man not see what was in front of him? They were made for each other, as they had always been. They were both artists, seeing beauty in the world around them, in a telephone pole, in a bicycle, in a palm tree, wondering how they could get everyone else to see what they wanted. They were both kind to a fault, their feelings hurt when others told them they were too nice, too naive. They were both lonely, wondering if there was anyone else out there like them... Cupid wondered if he should get involved. It was too painful to watch this, the man forced to take pictures, wear a smile just because he couldn't look away from the model's face. But still: *"Love can be pushed into a corner, but the truest form, it will always find a way."* That is what he always believed. Sometimes, he had to shoot an arrow to save a marriage or spur a shy kid into action, but mostly, he loved to watch. Love was one of the unseen forces in the universe, along with gravity and inertia. You had to trust it. But his trust was fading. - "Maybe you've won, mother," Cupid said. "Of course I did," Venus said, a smug smile on her face as she ruffled her son's hair. "I really thought they would always be together. That cafe is where they are supposed to fall in love." "There's no supposed to, son. There's just beauty, and the quest to obtain it." "I guess you're right." "Don't feel bad. There's a reason you are my son. You see, love is just how you appreciate beauty." *It's more than that,* Cupid thought even as he nodded in agreement. - Cupid was in the city again. A woman had fallen off the wagon and cheated with her boss, and now she was on her way home. Cupid was there to shoot an Arrow of Honesty into her heart, and hopefully make the confession go smoothly. Then he saw the man, sitting on a bench, with the woman approaching. He lowered his bow, and tuned in to their conversation. "Hi," she said. "Do you remember me?" The man looked up, and smiled, as if finally remembering his identity after a bout of amnesia. "Of course. I've been meaning to come back in, but I didn't get the chance." "You never come in anymore. You used to come in with that girl. What was her name?" "We broke up," he said. "She wasn't right for me." "That's too bad," the girl said. "What are you sketching?" "A bluebird. I was actually just walking, and then I saw it, and it stopped me in my tracks, you know?" "Really? Bluebirds are my favorite. Want some help? My dad used to take me bird watching when I was a kid." "That's be great..." Cupid smiled, wishing he could stick around and watch. But he turned around, and had no doubts as he did so. After all, love always finds a way. You just had to trust it. - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 