
As a young lad Darius was sickly. He dreamed of being a great adventurer but back then his reality was he wouldn't live to see adulthood. But as a last ditch attempt he took to magic and thankfully magic took to him. Using the power of nature not only was he healed he went beyond that which is capable for most people. He even surpassed his master and rose through the ranks of the Guild of Druids. When he ascertained his rank of Grandmaster hewas asked many a time why he didn't have a familiar to which he always simple chuckled and laughed off. But when challenged to a duel by Grimmlu Oakfist, High sennetor to the Dwarven Kingdom of Jagerhul he simply had to reveal his secret. Grimmlu, in his elaborate decorative stoneplate stood, stalwart and seething with rage. Next to him is his battle boar fammiliar. A head taller than he was and nearly twice as wide. His Admantium Axe clutched in hand. "Is this a Kruxxing joke manling?" He spat as he looked upon Darius' familiar Edilyn. She was tall slender, long black hair, a regal beauty to her face that was peppered with light freckles, her left eye was a brilliant blue with her right eye clouded over. She wore a vibrant green, long flowing dress and held a glass of red wine in her hand as she studied her opponent. "I assure you Grimmlu this is no joke. Edilyn is my familiar. Anyone of the countless Druids can preform the correct seance to confirm that." "Oh Darius sweetheart. Your giving far too many of these Clots credit. Theres barely enough brain cells between them all to rub together to start a fire let alone cast a seance." Edilyn said sipping from her wine. "And her inflammatory personality is why i never bring her to court sessions." "Aww sweetheart," she swaggered over and pecked him on the forehead, standing nearly a foot taller than Darius she had to bend quite low to kiss him, and pinched his cheek, "Its so cute when you feel the need to bring out the thesaurus when your around your hippy friends." Darius swatter her hand away, "Stop it." Grimmlu began laughing. "HAHAHAAAA! NO WONDER YOU'RE A BIT OF A POOFTER! THE EMBODYMENT OF YER KRUXXIN' SOUL IS A WOMAN! HAAAAAHAHAHA!!" Edilyn's face darkened. "Can i do my thing now," she asked angrily. Darius sighed, "Go ahead.Just remember. Only him. We're trying to repair relations with the Dwarves not start a war." "I know i know. I'll keep the king and his harem of elven men out of it," Darius still couldn't believe she found that out. Her cunning and guile was only matched by her magical beauty. She turned to Grimmlu smiling her wicked smile. "And pray tell, what does a pig say about your soul?" Grimmlu simply laughed at her and turned to Darius, Ignoring Edilyn. Big mistake. "You really gonna let this woman fight yer battles for ya Darius? Yer a bigger poofter than i thought!" "Humour me and answer her question Grimmlu." "Fine fine.Well lass. In Dwarven culture the Battle Boar is considered a brave and strong animal. Reliable in both the tunnels and out in the field." Edilyn nodded, She began circling him, like how a vulture circles its potential next victim, "I see I see. Well in Human culture we roast our pigs. Especially the fat and lazy ones like yourself." Both Grimmlu and his battle boar began to growl. "Don't blow your load just yet. I know thats hard for you but i'm only just getting started and i don't want to make a mess on my new dress." Grimmlu's eyes burned. She struck a nerve so quickly. "What. Are you. Trying. To insinuate woman!" "Oh look Darius, you lent him your thesaurus." She turned back to Grimmlu "What. I'm. In-sin-u-ating is you're a two stroke engine. Three thrust Johnny. A pump pump squirt. You last as long in those stone beds you dwarves have as it takes for me to pour a glass of wine. And theres about 5 women, none your wife might i add, in this room who can confirm." Suddenly the fire in Grimmlu's eyes went out. Now only fear remained. He turned to the court and saw five young dwarven women standing there. "He fell asleep halfway through. wasn't even a minute into it." said one "Never seen a todger so small! hes closer to a lass than a lad," said a second. "All of a sudden he just pulled out and splattered across my face," said a third shyer one. "I'M GONNA KRUXXEN KILL YOU," Screamed a voice from within the court. Storming out from the crowd was an especially stout and hairy dwarven woman. Marching up to Grimmlu she whallopped him in the face knocking him to the floor. The woman was battering Grimmlu as Edilyn turned to Darius with a smile. "Did i do good?" Edit: due to popular demand (and because I spent all day today coming up with chaos Edilyn can brew up to torture Darius with) I'll be making a short story series out of this. Unfortunately since this is a new account I'm gonna wait until its old enough to make the Sub. Thank you all for your kind words on my work. I really cannot stress how much joy to my heart it brings to see so many enjoy my passion. Especially seeing as I was considering for a while to pack it all in forever. 