
It has been two weeks since the actors unmasked themselves. They started with the wigs, and gradually shed the remainder of their identity. I don't know if there's much more to lose at this point. They still have a humanoid shape, walk upright, and use words to communicate. But for how long? 'Eric,' A monotone voice said. 'Come out. I only want to talk to you.' I scrambled further into the brush. Thorns raked my skin. My arms stung, and there was blood -- proof I'm not one of them. 'Eric.' Metal feet clanged through the underpass, without their skin, it was easy to hear them coming. I bunched up my breath, squeezed my eyes shut, and wished. 'Ereeeeque' The distorted cry was the only way I knew that the actor was frustrated. They couldn't go red in the face, or shed a tear The pitch of their voice was all I had. It wobbled like it had been over-engineered, and run through a mixer one too many times. Sweat saturated my t-shirt, and with it, came the stench. I smelt like I hadn't showered in a few weeks, or there were onions trapped in my armpits -- I'm not sure which is worse. A gunmetal spec moved through the outskirts of the dense brush. I clamped my arms to my side, fearing they would smell either my body odor, or fear. 'Ereeeeqqquueeee.' *Clank, clank.* 'We are tired of acting,' The actor paused. Its eyes -- or rather, cameras -- passed over the brush. If I moved, it would see me. I held my breath. 'Come out, and we can reset.' The seconds passed. My chest grew tight, head faint, and a dark, fuzzy shutter tightened around my vision. *Go away*, I thought. *Clank, clank.* The grey shape moved and said. 'Eric.' I waited ten seconds before I covered my mouth with one hand, and flooded my brain with oxygen. *Clank, clank, clank.* At first, I thought the actor was running away. But the sound was getting louder. *Clank, clank.* And then, the brush dampened the footsteps. There was nothing I could have done. The actor ploughed through and grabbed me. 'Ereeeqqque!' Hands hoisted me off the ground. The actor, featureless and vacant, cradled me like a child. My fists thumped against its exposed chest to no avail. *Clank, clank.* At the top of an embankment, haloed by the sun, was another actor identical to the one who carried me. It tilted its head and spoke in unison with its sibling. 'Reset,' They said. The voice, doubled-up, echoed through the underpass. A second later it trebbled. A surround sound of chanting ensued, they had caught me. The actor who carried me, pistoned its legs up the embankment, and brought me to the top. The other actors -- there were around ten now -- closed in. I lay helpless in the centre. 'Reeesseeeeettt.' The one who held me grabbed the front of my scalp and tugged. A searing pain spiked, then numbed, the actor ripped backwards. --- /r/WrittenThought 