
He opened his old "Terra' save, only to find His delicately crafted creatures gone. The massive dinoasaurs He had so carefully curated were missing, and in their place were some sort of strange, fleshy, inefficient creatures with no badass tails. This, understandably, made God curious. He check the log of events, but the log went too far back for him to understand the fate of His prized virtual companions. "What the hell?" God said. He wanted to know what happened, but He had no clue how to find out. So He created a new character. The game had evidently adjusted itself, as His old character, the Megalodon, was no longer available, and apparently He was forced into a small variety of starter classes. He chose the fleshy one, the one that was so unattractive and disgusting. Strangely, He did not arrive at the character customization screen, but instead began in a manger, surrounded by NPCs of the same strange race. He didn't recognize any of the animals, they were all furry, not scaly. The kind, dark face of a female NPC watched his character intently, looking for a sign. God accessed the source code, and saw that He didn't recognize the algorithms running in the entire world, let alone this one AI. The world He had created Himself had wrested itself away from Him. God shrugged. He played through, and as He learned more about the new culture of these "humans," He learned more about how to enjoy Himself. This game, after all, was far more complex than the simple action game Terra used to be. He began to modify the source code to give His character admin powers. He turned a stack of water into a stack of wine by using the mod window, then, ten minutes later, He rezzed an NPC he felt a particular affinity towards. His legend grew among the people of the game, and He began to call his character "Son of God." This infuriated some of the enemy NPCs, but He assumed that was the game trying to throw a challenge his way. Little by little, God noticed that when he left his game, whenever he came back Son of God would change. The beard would grow, he would have gained more followers, made more enemies. The game appeared to be adapting to His frequent absence of controlling Son of God. This, while slightly disturbing to Him, didn't concern Him too much until the fateful day. God had grown bored. There was no easy way to traverse outside of the starting area, and He quickly grew tired of the same landscape, over and over. He opened the mod window, and programmed one of Son of God's followers to have the new "betrayer" trait. Sure enough, Son of God was betrayed to the enemy NPCs. God left the monitor, curious to see the outcome. When He came back, Son of God was gruesomely pinned to a wooden cross. God was shocked, and observed the game with morbid curiosity. The game had decided on this awful punishment, without God's prompting. He sat back. Then, Son of God looked at the monitor. "Why, God, have you forsaken me?" he said, tears mixing with blood on his dirt covered face. God, so shocked, turned off the computer. He took three days before He gathered the courage to turn the computer back on. When He did, the Son of God character file had been deleted. Feeling merciful, God found the source code, and retrieved His character file. He had grown attached to these fleshy meat sacks, and wanted to see Son of God's story through. When Son of God awoke, he phased through the dungeon his corpse had died in. God watched as Son of God guided Himself through the world, giving news of his return and praising God for His mercy. Then, when God felt it was time to go, He deleted Son of God's character file once more, and watched as the Son of God gave a bittersweet smile, and faded away. God turned off the computer. He decided to come back in another 1,000 years, just to see what Terra could cook up next. Terra was a game to Him after all, not His priority. ---------- Hey guys, if you liked this enough that you want to read more of my work, check out www.willswritingprompts.blogspot.com, where I archive all of my favorite writing prompts, especially ones without this much attention. Thanks! 