
I expected, perhaps, five to ten in-game messages when I logged in. A couple of reminders to renew my subscription, maybe a ping or two from old guild mates who missed me, and the odd automated chatbot request informing me of singles in my area. I did not expect *over nine thousand* messages flooding my screen. *He's back! He's returned!* *... really? Does he still have the Blade of Sopaa-* *We're saved! Haha, suck that noob devs, we're going to really tear you a ne-* *What? Really? No way, the real Vorta1990, and not a copycat? Bro, my heart can't tak-* On and on it went, until my screen filled with avatars, just clustering in for a closer look. Out of that sea of pixels, one name was highlighted in green, with a star next to it. The visual flair was not necessary - I would have recognized my guild leader anywhere. We had gone on more adventures than I could recall. "Samorax!" I typed in PM. "What the hell is happening!" "Bro, glad to have you back! Look, whatever you do, *don't sell anything*! Don't unequip, don't re-roll, nothing! Just stay where you are!" "Sure, but I have no idea why-" "Did you read the patch notes? Anything which the devs have released?" "No, not really," I typed. "I mean, I'm back only because I read that the devs have pushed out a world reset, so I thought, hey, just about the right time to come back in." "Oh man, you really don't know!" My phone started vibrating at that point, and so furiously too that it almost toddled off the table. Messages were pouring through the game app too. *1,200 g for the Sopaa* *25 diamonds, deal now* *Hey baby, I'll send you some very* special *pixxx if you transfer your Blade to me... you know which one...* "Samorax, I'm freaking out man," I typed. "You're the only one I trust, please just tell me..." "Ok, ok, look. While you were away, the devs nerfed everything. I mean, *everything*. Our weapons are crap now, our armor is shit. No one can clear any of the raids. We revolted, of course. The devs tried to appease us, said that they would bestow OP gear on any toons who hit max level before the start of the year..." "Oh," I typed. "So, did I get one? I think I hit level cap just befor-" "Are you kidding me?" Samorax typed. "You're the *only* one who was legitimately max level then! The devs were being sneaky, they thought it would go under the radar that no one actually got the OP gear they promised! It was a scam, but we checked - you're the only toon here who actually has it! Check your inventory, now!" I did. And my eyes grew to saucers. "Whoa... my main weapon... it's like... +32767 attack! Is that even possible?" "Not only that!" Samorax raved. "Everyone in your party is invulnerable! Man, you really struck the gold mine! We'll clear raids in *minutes*, and not the ridiculous ten-hour slogs it takes now! No one will ever have to spend another dollar on temporary boosts!" "But... but wait. This sword... It's called 'The Edge of Cleaving'. Why's everyone calling it the Blade of Sopaa? My toon ain't even called that?" Samorax typed an entire string of emoticons, laughing ones, crying ones, puking ones. "Dude! It's the Blade of Sense of Pride and Accomplishment!" --- /r/rarelyfunny 