
I was packing up my things from our latest session, reorganizing notes and stowing my books when Kate slid a long, silver-wrapped box towards me, smiling. I looked at her, and saw the rest of the party was watching too. "What's this?" Akbar said, "It's a gift, from all of us." "...Did I miss some anniversary or something?" I took the box. The wrapping was professionally done, a raised rough pattern of silver and black cut diagonally across the paper. "No...uh...to be honest this is something we have-" "-and some of our people-" Cut in Markos. "-and some of our people have been talking back and forth about for sometime. It's...a..." Kate moved a step closer to me. "When you told us about those people accosting you at the coffee shop about the Trans-Atlantic Trade Union, well...we-" I laughed. "Oh, I honestly almost forgot about that. That was so weird. I was just like-" Markos said, "Martin, that was because of us." I stared at him, then I looked to the others. They all seemed nervous...anxious. I looked back at Kate. "They found you because you know us. They were trying to convince you to talk to us, Martin." Akbar was holding his red-leather suitcase, resting it on the ornately carved table. He said, "You have access to us. You know us. We somehow manage to schedule this every month." The group, myself included, smiled. "A lot of people would pay a lot of money to...bend our ear. We don't...-" Markos nodded to me. "Open the gift, Martin." Looking between them, I began to slowly tear at the wrapping paper, inevitably exposing the box beneath. I opened it, slid some tissue paper aside and- The cloth was silk, a silvery gray with hints of a deep purple as it moved. Black patterns were sewn into it, elements of water, tides and waves, a reference to our previous campaign. I pulled the cloth out and it unfolded into...a robe. "Try it on," said Kate. I did so and found it fit me perfectly. There was a hood as well. I pulled it up and the shadows closed over my eyes. "This is amazing! I-" I noticed there was something else in the box. It was a mask. Its surface was polished obsidian, set in a spacious pattern, the shadowed gaps adding depth to its surface. I picked it up and held it. Markos said, "Martin, you didn't choose the lives we did. It's unfair that you suffer their consequences too." Akbar said, "We want to...protect your anonymity. This is what we came up with." Kate said, "Plus, it's just...super cool. What do you think?" I held the mask in my hands, pulled my hood back, donned the mask, perfectly contoured to my face, and raised my hood. I recalled the voice of the BBEG from our first campaign all those years ago. "HOW DO I LOOK?" ... It was that day that I became the Hidden Master. 