
"What a great day, right?" Jinn paused. "Yes, no one has ever taken me to a water park." At first, Jinn hated the place. After spending millennia in a desert, it seemed wrong to use so much water for *fun*. But one ride on the log flume changed his mind. "I wish we had milk shakes to top it all off." Jinn cringed at the pain that shivered through his body. Every time Bill flippantly used the 'W' word, Jinn reflexively began to grant. Swallowing the magic that had begun to take shape was grueling. He'd held back so many times, he was beginning to feel constipated. "Bill..." "Oh, I'm so sorry! I wish I could remember!" Dry heave. Eyes watering, Jinn held his hand to Bill's lips. He could feel his friend's frown take shape beneath his fingers. "What are we going to do?" Bill asked. Jinn had no answer. They both crossed their arms and stared at the ground. Twice already Jinn had been unable to hold back. The first time had been the moment they met, when Bill declared, "I wish my mom could see this!" When Bill's mother immediately plopped on the floor beside him, she began to scream and would not stop until both Jinn and Bill placed their hands on a Bible. The woman thought the devil had brought her half-way across the country. A part of her still thought that when they drove her to the airport to catch a flight back to Mississippi. The second time came when Jinn got drunk and lost control. No master had ever let him drink before. Bill roared with laughter when Jinn coughed at his first whiskey shot. "I wish I was a light weight like you! I'd be a cheap date." Although accidental, Bill did not terribly mind the sudden disappearance of his beer belly. Jinn's slender form was a good one to model after. But now only one wish remained. And they both knew what that meant. One more slip up, and Jinn would disappear forever. "You know, when we were fishing yesterday, I had a thought. But I was embarrassed to tell you." Jinn looked up at Bill, whose gaze was still fixed between his feet. "I've never had a friend like you in my life." Jinn chuckled, "Well, that's not embarrassing. Most people have never had a friend that grants wishes." "No, that's not what I mean. I've never had a friend who listens to me. Who hangs on my every word. Maybe it's what you're programmed to do? Await a command? But it doesn't feel like it. It feels like you care." Bill looked up at Jinn, who slowly nodded. Bill was the first person he had ever really *talked to*. "And I'm such an idiot," Bill moaned. "I know I'm going to mess this up." Jinn laughed at his friend then, hard, until Bill started laughing, too. Until they were both sitting on the ground, roaring up at the sky. When Bill finally caught his breath, he said, "I just wish we could be friends forever." Jinn's eyes went wide as he whispered, "Granted." 