
The experiment with Ari had perhaps gotten out of hand. If any of Mrs. Palmer's supervisors heard of it, it would be difficult to explain why on earth she found it reasonable to give only one child in her class impossibly difficult tests while the others were quizzed on only the basic classroom curriculum. The answer would never suffice, despite its truth: *because he would get them all correct*. Mrs. Palmer's minor case study began when she accidentally listed the Second Punic War as the Carthaginian War on her ninth graders' tests. Every student understandably missed the question--few fourteen-year-olds, it seemed, read the *Aeneid* these days and would place Carthage as an ancient African city--except Ari. He listed the correct dates in his blocky, imperfect handwriting. She asked him about it later. Ari only shrugged and said, "I just know a lot of stuff." He looked uncomfortable and scurried away. Mrs. Palmer then started slipping questions into Ari's tests which none of the children could possibly be expected to answer. Who was involved in the defenestration of Prague? Which Russian ruler died in 1584 under the title "Tsar of all the Russias"? What is the cosine of this triangle? Can you balance this chemical formula? She almost wanted to accuse him of cheating. But she kept a razor-sharp eye on that boy during tests, and Ari's hands never strayed under the table or into his pockets. He simply filled out his test, handed it in halfway through the period, and then sat with his head on his desk until he was free to go to his next class. Then she perhaps pushed it too far. Yesterday, she gave all but one of her students a test on Sophocles's *Oedipus Rex*, which they were reading as a part of their ancient Greek unit. It asked them the basics of the plot and the play's intended messages. For Ari, his test was more... open-ended. She left a single sticky note on his test to explain herself: *This,* she wrote, *is not a test of your knowledge but of your critical thinking. You are an excellent student and I know I do not need to test your basic comprehension. Have fun and think clearly.* Now Mrs. Palmer sat at her desk in her apartment living room with a glass of red wine and a stack of tests before her. She rifled through until she found Ari's near the bottom. Her sticky note still remained on his paper; he had simply written "Okay :)" on the bottom. She smiled, despite herself. Mrs. Palmer only gave him four questions. She gave him the choice to answer in the context of the play or to simply derive his answers from his own experiences. Credit was not for the accuracy of his answers but their depth. *What is good?* *What is just?* *What is fate?* *What is the purpose to life itself?* Ari hadn't answered any of them. His test page was blank, except for an arrow at the bottom, urging her to turn the paper over. Mrs. Palmer frowned and did so. On the back she found a dense wall of Ari's sloppy, childish handwriting. She took a deep sip of wine before reading. *Respectfully, Mrs. P, I think your questions are built up on false assumptions. You're asking for ice when the world is water and air, always moving and mixing. It's a singularly human notion to turn ideas into something condensed, portable, and easy to wrap one's mind around. But it's not honest.* *You are asking questions which lack answers because the questions themselves are wrongly put. It is not about rigid, inflexible meaning which exists in its own right, waiting to be dissected for an essay question. Purpose and answers arise from our own perceptions. If you think there is no good then all the world will be black and hopeless. If you think an eye for an eye is justice you stumble through your life blind with righteous indignation.* *But if you care and hope and love, the world is full of small beautiful things, always working together, always persisting against the selfish and chaotic. We can be grotesque and sublime all at once if we never let the former outweigh the latter in our minds.* *I'm sorry if it's not the answers you wanted Mrs. P, but please don't fail me. I've never failed a test before.* Mrs. Palmer wiped the tears from the corners of her eyes. She did not know what she had been expecting. There was comfort in the idea that there existed someone who knew all things. Part of her was disappointed that Ari was just another fact-hoarding bookworm. But it seemed Ari was just as clueless as anyone else when it came to life's truly crippling problems. Or exponentially more brilliant. She had not decided which yet. She only knew she needed another drink. *** /r/shoringupfragments Edit: holy shit thank you I have never been gilded before 