
I can hear them clapping. Screaming my name. Cheering, just out there waiting for me to go on stage. My hand shook ever so slightly as I brought the flask to my mouth once again. A few more sips and I'd be ready. I thought. I tucked the flask away, and took a deep breath, stepping out onto the stage just as the Moderator said, "Ladies and gentlemen! I now present Mr. Randall Lowell, our keynote speaker for the evening..." *** I woke up with a splitting, pounding headache. My eyes were dry and my mouth tasted like I had drank a carton of expired milk before I went to sleep. The last thing I remembered was being announced on stage. Getting up stiffly, I noticed I was still in my suit. Great, another trip to the cleaners again. Headed to the bathroom, when someone starts pounding on the door. Groggy still, I simply cover my ears. Not that it mattered. Within moments the hotel door was open and Jake was coming in. "Dammit Randy! You've done it again!" Him pounding me on the back just made me want to pound him in the face. Instead, I croak out, "Did what?" If he's going to force himself into my room he's going to have to put up with me waking up. I walk into the bathroom, leaving the door open, even as I start to piss. "Knocked their socks off. Fed them the words they wanted to hear. God, the line '... we are only a moment of time, a blink of the eye, but we *will* make a difference...' Damn dude. Where do you get this stuff?" I only half heard him over the stream of urine, and shook my head. As I washed my hands I told him, "Jake, you know how drunk I was. I don't remember a damned thing. Hell, I don't even remember *what* the event was for yesterday." Running a hand through his hair, Jake just shook his head. He didn't understand. The anxiety. The fear. I could talk to him. Or maybe three or four people I *knew* at once, but strangers? Huge crowds? I became petrified, scared whitless. But it was people like Jake who saw the best in me. Knew what I was capable of. Once the alcohol started flowing, so did the words. Didn't matter who I was talking to, or how many, or even what about. He flipped on the TV. There I was, standing before the podium, arms moving, voice strong. Behind me, a banner. "Lowell for President." Oh yeah, that was what I had spoken at. Another of the campaign events that I had been schedualed for. Because, someone - or a lot of someones aparently - thought I would be a good president. If the people knew? I'd be socially hanged. Maybe worse. But under the recording was the latest polls. I was in the lead. By a long shot. r/LandOfMisfits edit: a few spelling issues and realized that I had made a strange jump. 