
I let out a long sigh, partly of exasperation, partly of relief. I had died, and wasn't really dead, after all. That really was something. It was hard to be in a *completely* bad mood. The Creature shrugged four of its six shoulders and gestured toward the weird mish-mash of cheesy afterlife cliches. "It's what you were expecting, at least subconsciously A little joke to make the transition easier. Laughter may not actually be the best medicine, but it can do wonders for the soul, sometimes. Don't worry, when you actually go in, it's quite a nice place. Not necessarily tailored to you, but you'll be given a spot in the neighborhood thought to be the closest match to your personal preferences. And of course you're welcome to wander. But to greet you? This." I nodded, and stuck out my jaw, watching the little pseudo-angels do their Spooky Dance. "Yeah, I guess it is kind of funny. So what about Hell? Do people who go there get what they're expecting?" He made a strangely ambivalent gesture involving three of his hands and a kind of wobble through the entire sinuous length of his body. "Hell's only kind-of sort-of real. It's got gradations, but not levels, not the way some religions taught you Down There. You humans do so love to categorize things and then herd them away from the boundaries." "Yeah, tell me about it," I said. "So, let's say I lived my life as your typical hypocrite, you know the ones. You must get millions of them in Receiving every year. I'm a total asshole, but sure my religion's gonna save me. Where do I go then?" He grinned, and it was wonderful, full of warm bubbling mischief. "Oh, them? We have something special in store for *them*. In a way, it's a reverse of how you've been greeted here. They get exactly what they were expecting as well. The gates, the clouds, the mansions made with precious stones. They get to hang out with all the other people like them, which is a punishment in and of itself but is, after all, what they were promised." I laughed, imagining it, then shrugged. "Yeah, I can see the poetic justice in that, *kind of.* But those people had already spent their whole lives putting up with each other in a lot of cases, right? I feel like they'd get by okay." His nod was somehow impish and eager all at once, and his smile had gone from mischief to near-wickedness, closer than I'd have thought should be possible for what was ostensibly an Angelic creature. "Ah, but you see, on Earth they had other people to look down on, to exploit, to blame. 'Up there' they have...only themselves. And each other." It dawned on me slowly, the implications, all the horror that must follow from that. "My God..." "Yes." He laughed. "But I haven't gotten to the best part. As promised, they also get a nice view of 'Hell.' Of you, in other words, and others like you. Living a nice full afterlife, full of kindness and excellent pleasures." "That's almost fuc...I mean, that's almost kind of demonic, isn't it?" He shrugged. "It's what they asked for, their whole lives. Many have sacrificed all kinds of actual kindness toward their fellow-creatures in its pursuit. It's only fair that they get what they paid for. Oh, and you can swear down here, of course you can." He gestured toward two of the cherubs, doing their best to growl at me. "They won't mind. Can't you see the horns? What demon would balk at a few bad words." I shook my head, and laughed, and thought, and laughed some more, then sobered. "Thank you for this. It does help with the transition." "Anytime," he said. "By which I mean, only this once. You're not about to die again. But you're welcome to come back and visit, help others with the transition. We have a volunteer list that gets passed around." "I'll do that," I said, and walked through the flaming pearly gates. &#x200B; Come on by r/Magleby for more elaborate lies. 