
"You realize that you haven't been paying your taxes for the past 210 years?" "Yes." "Alright then..." Keith scribbled something down on his clipboard. "You were intentionally evading taxes..." "What? I said that I know I didn't pay taxes, I didn't say that it was intentional!" "Well... Was it intentional?" I sighed. "Yes, it was intentional." "I guess you'll have to pay or be locked up for a long time." "Why do you even care? You've probably spent more money trying to track me down than you will earn by fining me!" "The law is the law." I crossed my arms. "I guess I'll just have to become a law-abiding citizen now. Pay my taxes and all that. Too bad I can't immigrate to another country." "Yeah, you definitely won't be leaving the States. Not a single country has given you a visa yet." Keith smirked. "That's the thing with you blood-suckers. You can't just enter another country illegally. You need to be invited." Wait... What did he just say? I got a great idea, like a light bulb just lit up right above my head. I put on my angry face. "What do you mean... blood-suckers?" Keith looked at me, all confused. Makes sense. Its pretty obvious that blood sucker refers to how vampires suck blood out of their victims. "Well... You're a vampire, correct?" I shot up out of my chair. "So you think its okay for you to refer to me using a racial slur?" Keith's confusion changed to fright. He raised his hands in front of him, as if in self defense. "I'm sorry, I didn't know that it was a slur!" "It's 2018, Keith! You can't just say things like that!" He dropped onto his knees. "Please, sir, forgive me..." I waved my finger at him. "I will sue you, and make sure that you'll lose your job for being such a racist bastard!" This seems to be working. Keith is on the verge of tears at this point. "Please, I'll do anything..." I put my finger away. "Anything?" "Yes... Anything." "Alright... Can you make me completely exempt from taxes?" Keith looked me right in the eyes. I don't think he liked my question very much. "No, sir, I don't think I can. Is there anything else I can do?" I thought for a moment or two, rubbing my chin to make Keith think that I didn't actually think of this beforehand. "Yes, there is." He got back up on his two feet again. "What is it?" Time for the big plan. "I want you to drive us both down to the Canadian Border. You cross first." "What should I do when I'm there?" I grinned. "Invite me in." ------------- **Thanks for reading, feedback and criticism is very appreciated.** r/WrittenText 