
The Franks had never heard a *beep*. And Eugene had never heard the Franks. The first was easier to explain, since technology was in its infancy- it was 771 AD in what is now known as the French countryside, and what was then known as fields ripe for battle. Eugene, an inventor from a young age, had spent the last fifteen years perfecting his prototype time machine. And Eugene had decided his first trip would be to travel back to personally thank the man credited with inventing sign language, Abbe Charles Michel de L'Epe, for the impact he had made on Eugene's life. For Eugene was nearly entirely deaf, which explained why he could not hear the Franks. And poor Eugene, when setting the dials on his time machine, had forgotten to carry the one and had traveled to 771 AD, instead of 1771. To be frank, the Franks didn't quite know *how* to handle Eugene- with his peculiar clothes, his bottle of 1992 French Cabernet he wished to share with his idol (his favorite year, and he *would* know, for the acuity of his taste buds quite made up for indignation of his eardrums), and the strange metal box he had arrived inside that now floated in the moat of their castle. Unfortunately for Eugene, the time machine was water resistant, but *not* water proof. Thinking back, he should removed the external headphone jack. The Frank king brought Eugene before him on his knees, reeling backwards as Eugene begged for mercy, flailing his hands in motions that communicated only desperation. For even one without sign language training could read the language of emotion, and the king knew desperation often lead to violence. "Is it a witch?" the king asked to his council, and many tilted their heads, staring down at Eugene. In the king's hand was the bottle of 1992 Cabernet, and if little else, he agreed with Eugene's selection. "The only safe witch is a dead witch, your highness!" shouted one of the priests, followed by a chorus of agreement. "Please, I cannot hear!" cried Eugene in English from the floor, "the batteries on my hearing aid are nearly out, and even with it you're only mumbling!" Eugene tapped the side of his ear, where the tan colored device waited- he had not thought to replace the batteries before his trip, for, after all, he would not be speaking verbally to the creator of sign! "Intelligible," said the king, narrowing his eyes. "He may be shouting incantations now, binding us to his will!" continued the same priest, his knuckles white as he gripped the holy book."Kill him and be done with it, or we may face the wrath of God himself!" "Let it be so," declared the king, gesturing to two armored men, who waked forward with broadswords drawn and lined up for a swing just behind the prostrate Eugene. "But make it swift!" "Father!" spoke up the princess at the king's right hand. "Father, have mercy, for this man is but a foreigner in a foreign tongue! He has caused you no harm, nor has he showed any evidence of witchcraft besides his movements." The king held up his hand, and the priest spoke, his voice low and cautious, "Should we risk the devil within this holy house?" "I implore you," begged the princess. "At the first sign of the supernatural, take no risk! End his life. But what I see is a man terrified and weeping. And I cannot help but feel compassion." "Let it be so," commanded the king, rising, and took the hand of the queen. "Until this man displays magic of any form, he shall be a prisoner. But--" he turned to the armed guards, his voice edged with a warning. "--at the smallest inclination that he is not innocent, end his life immediately." The guards nodded, and Eugene sobbed with relief- for though he did not know the words, he sensed the empathy. But poor Eugene really should have replaced the batteries on his hearing aid before he left home. Just as the guards prepared to sheath their swords, the device finally exhausted its energy, announcing to the world its status. And the Franks had never heard a *beep*. *** By Leo [Like superheros? Read my free novel Star Child on reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/65jl9n/star_child_part_1/) 