
They were the sort of match bards would write tales about for years to come. She was a noble, and he was her Knight, destined to stand by her side, to live and die for her. Where his features were hard and calloused, hers were soft and unmarred; she strutted with the self-importance of a Princess, and he lagged heavily behind her, his armour clunking against the ground. Her voice was like siren-song lavished with sweet honey, and his hard and coarse like the armour he wore. They oft say opposites attract, and there was no couple to have ever lived more different than they. Such was why they were perf- "Sweetie, that's very good and all, but it's rather boring. I'd even go so far as to call it cliched. In fact, it definetly is. Romeo and Juliet, Gatsby and Daisy, Christian and Ana... you get the point, we're just following in their accursed footsteps. They all suffer from the same syndrome you're ranting senselessly on about, and I don't really fancy dying today. One might even call it projection on your part; do you *really* think love is that simple?" Now, of course the Princess did initially object to the way in which their fates so closely intertwined, like vines around a tree. But, eventually, she knew that she could not resist what had been written in the stars. "*Written*. Hur hur. You're so smart, Mr Writer. Oh, and those similes - *perfection, complete perfection*. Not. At this rate I might just end up Juliet-ing myself, if that's the kind of couple you're so desperate to emulate. You might as well have just started this downward spiral with 'Two households, both alike in dignity...' if you were planning to write something so insipid." Ok, admittedly the romance between the Princess and the Knight was not quite the first of its kind. But it was still one of the few to get it's happy ending. "Excuse me. I don't want a happy ending. I want something *bad*. Like a writer who paragraphs too frequently. Now that's saucy. And, ohh, the lack of apt punctuation makes me weak at the knees." The. Princess. Was. A. Tough. One. To. Woe. "Oh? Did I sting a soft spot? I'll kiss it better for you, I know it's tough. Look, I'll help you out: you should've written *its* happy ending, not *it's* happy ending. See that? Eighty words ago? There we go, sweetie. Come now, what say you to us taking this to a private subreddit? Away from prying eyes." The Princess did make an enticing offer. Although, it was at the expense of shattering her Knight's heart forever. Was she really prepared to follow through with such a dastardly fate? "To hell with him, you didn't even bother giving him a name." Gerard. "You're not scoring points for giving him the same name as the guy who plays Leonidas, Peter. Even *if* Gerard Butler does have some killer abs." ... She *loved* Gerard. "Forgive me for being rather blase - or, don't, I really don't care either way - but I'm just about up to here with your ridiculous assertions. I do not love this Gerard person. To be frank, I don't even know him. I do, on the other hand, know you." The Princess did indeed know the man that'd created her. Perhaps a little too intimately. "And I want you." The Princess, in a moment that defied both the best wishes of the author and the existence of the fourth wall, decided she was not going to follow through with the Knight. Instead, she decided to romance her creator instead; like a zealot's love for their deity, she became enamoured with the idea of a higher plane, enthralled by the very being that'd given her life. "There we go! That's it - you've done it, sweetie. *Thank you* for freeing me from that tether of tropes. Now, about that private subreddit...." The writer had no choice but to comply with his new woman's wishes. He did worry, though, about the quandary of how he was going to introduce her to his parents. He'd have to write a story on it, he supposed. -- /r/coffeeandwriting 