
The President of the United States, who was - at that time - a rather sensible lady who wore sensible shoes and did sensible things like Wednesday morning yoga and not killing poor people, had just taken up a phone call with the Prime Minister of England, who was - at that time - really just a very popular pub owner who'd filled out a form incorrectly. They were supposed to be talking about Iceland, which had gotten rather full of itself on account of sounding like a dreary place but actually being quite a lovely place. In those days it was encouraged that you acted how everyone suspected you should act, and not be clever and full of natural hot springs and other such nonsense. In fact, here was a good example of that - as news came in just as the call began that Australia had gone and done something almost unreasonably Australian. "Is that so?" said the pub keep-cum-Prime Minister, upon hearing the news that Australia - as a continent - had flown off into the inky depths of space to face down an invading alien force. "Were they pissed, d'ya think?" "When are they not?" said the President of the United States, who - truthfully - had never met an actual Australian person outside of YouTube videos and podcasts. "Always running around, punching kangaroos and drinking Fosters....which is a...*beer*, I believe?" "Aye, mum," said the Prime Minister. "Supposedly." "Well, you'd know them better than me," said the President. "Do you think they'll win?" "Certainly - they've got English blood in their DNA," said the Prime Minister. "I'm not sure that's how DNA works," said the President, leaning back in her chair to stare up at the blue sky. She thought, perhaps, just perhaps, she could spot a black speck in the distance. "Better question might be, when did they turn their continent into a spaceship? That's not exactly a weekend project." The Prime Minister belched, then lowered the phone and cussed out Glinda, who was supposed to be taking orders, but was just talking on her cellphone. Bill Gatts at the bar nodded. "Who're talkin' to *now*?" he asked. "None'r'ya fuck all," snapped the Prime Minister, tossing back and forth a volley of rude gestures with Bill Gatts before picking up the phone. "Who can understand the mind of an Aussie? They have spiders with thumbs there, d'ya know that? Drive anyone insane." The President clucked her tongue. "You don't suppose they were planning on invading, do you?" "Invading what?" "You. Or us. Maybe Iceland..." "Nah," said the Prime Minister. "Yer overthinking again, mum. There's no sense to anything to do with the Aussies. You ever seen the giant Banana-person show? Who's *that* for? Madmen, that's who. They turned the whole place into a warship because that seemed like the thing to do at the time. They flew off inta space because it seemed like a laugh. They'll either die, or win, or make a bunch of new alien mates up there, then they'll come back, have a nice nap, little hair of the dog, and it's back to boogieboards and flying snakes and whatever the fuck else happens in that beautiful hellhole." Bill Gatts was snapping his fingers and Glinda was nowhere to be seen. "I suppose we'll take up on Iceland another time, eh mum?" "I suppose," said the President, still troubled. "You know I always appreciate your wise counsel." "Aye," said the Prime Minister. "Fucking Yoda over here." The President smiled, then hung up the phone. She would just have to wait. That was all. The Australians would do as the Australians would do. All she could do was have faith. Her aide, Jeffrey, had been standing inside the door the entire time, waiting patiently. "Yes, Jeff," said the President. "Let me guess - the Defense Secretary wants an emergency trillion dollars for intergalactic cruise missiles? Am I close?" Jeff's head went slightly sideways. "Ah, a *little*? Just wanted to let you know that New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, and Indonesia have all been...uh...incinerated." "Oh my god!" cried the President, rising from her chair. "The aliens attacked? Already? I thought..." "No, no," said Jeffrey. "It's uh...I guess it take a lot of *thrust* to break an entire continent out of orbit." The President slowly sank back down. "Oh." "Yeah," said Jeffrey. "We've got massive tsunamis heading toward Hawaii and all across southeast Asia." "Oh." "Right." "So...this was *not* a good idea?" Jeffrey nodded. "It...does not appear to have been." "Well," said the President, turning back toward the window. "Lesson for the future, I guess. Don't turn continents into spaceships." "I'll write that down somewhere," said Jeffrey, letting himself out of the room. The President could swear she could see that speck on the horizon. "You do that." 