
The crack of a shattering bowl was the only warning I had before my wife's palm slapped across my face. The sting was less painful than seeing the tears forming in her eyes. Now, I will not claim to be a perfect husband, but for the life of me, I couldn't understand what I'd done wrong this time. Then I heard it, the high pitched squeal of the neighbors girl followed by "I AM THE HERO OF ALL THE LAND" my head snapped towards the direction the children had been playing and there she was. 7 years old and full of fire and glee the neighbors daughter waving my sword over her head. My stomach dropped, eyes widening in panic. It shouldn't be possible, yet there she was. I could see it then, the similar tilt of our eyes, the dark shade of red hair. How had I missed it before? "Lyrica..." I started but my wife stormed from the room, sobs barely contained within her tiny frame. I loved my wife, loved her more than life itself but the war had been long, bloody. I'd been convinced that I'd die before I ever saw her sweet face again. It only happened once, my mistake that I was planning on taking to the grave. I bedded a blue eyed tavern wench for only a night. I needed the release, to feel normal before another battle. My stomach dropped as I headed towards the girls home fully expecting to find that woman once again. My rage and frustration barely contained as my fist pounded against the crooked wooden door of their home. To my surprise, a dark skin, plump woman greeted me, no fear on her face. She looked me over with an assessing gaze, glancing briefly to the children in the meadow between our homes. "Come in, Sir Herimor" How she'd known my name was beyond me. Her and the child had only moved into the abandoned home days prior. We hadn't had the chance to formally meet yet, but even if we had, this was not the same woman I'd bedded all those years ago. I followed her to the small worn down table, my weight sagging into one of the nearly broken chairs. "The girl" was all I could say. "An orphan" the word was cold, sad. My eyes snapped to the woman demanding an explanation. She sighed heavily, pouring us a cup of watered down tea. "I found Amarilla on the streets when she was five. She was so tiny, sickly. My heart told me to take her in, and so I did" the woman's gravelly voice wove through the room. "My people have long since taken our children to the seer upon their births." The woman sipped at her tea, impossibly slow. Sweat dripped down my back, my knuckles white from gripping the chipped cup. There could only be one end to this tale but still I prayed it wasn't so. "The Seer spoke of darkness that looms on the horizon, and that that child" the woman's withered bend finger pointed out towards the window. I couldn't turn myself from her gaze as she continued, "your child, is meant to face it. I was told to find you, find the child's destiny, so here I am, Sir Herimor" My mouth was dry, stomach full of stones. My child? Darkness? I'd been to see the Seer before, an unpleasant experience but her words had rung true in the past. If what this crone said was true, then there was nothing to be done. One could not fight against the fate told by the Seer I drew in a steadying breath, then another before I opened my mouth, words barely escaping the confines of my thought. "So what am I to do?" The crone smiled at me, sad but understanding. "You are to teach her, of course." 