
"Oh, like I would do that! Like I would let go of that privilege. When Hell freezes over I'll do that, asshole!" "Hey! Hands off! That's *my* word!" Lucifer gripped the bridge of his nose in frustration, then slammed his fists down on the brimstone table. His wings rose up behind him in anger as he shot an accusatory glance at Satan. "This is getting us nowhere." The Devil sniffed. "Honestly, I don't think it's very fair that he gets *all* of the equipment. I want the iron maiden. Or at the very least the mirrored machinator." "That's a magic trick, not torture." Satan turned up his chin to the Devil. "Well, I guess it is for the spectators." "MY *DEVILRIES* are ART!" The Devil threw himself on top of Satan and throttled him. "I'LL KILL YOU!" Satan grabbed the Devil by his cape, and the two rolled tumultuously about the room. Lucifer ground his teeth as his eyes glazed over in abject disappointment. Satan managed to impale the Devil with one of his massive horns, the Devil reciprocating by tearing off his head. The duo separated. Satan ran around fumbling at his neck like a headless chicken as the Devil inspected the tear in his cape through the gaping hole in his stomach, resting on the ground. "Bugger. Pope Sylvester gave me this, you know. It is *antique*! I shall contact my lawyers; they will bill your supine, ineffective division for it. " Satan's headless torso raised a middle finger. "Are you two done?" Lucifer's voice brought them back to surreality. Satan groped his way back to his seat, bleeding from his stump neck. The Devil rose to his feet and planted himself opposite. "Ok, then." Lucifer cleared his throat. "You two can share torture duties. I'll be separating the equipment equally, because you are fucking children. " Satan shrugged. The Devil coughed. "Fine, then. I didn't want the Iron Maiden, really." Lucifer sighed as he leafed through the papers on the table. "Next matter... oh, fuck. This should be fun. '*Division of Brutus, Judas & Cassius.*' I claim Judas." Satan conjured another head into existence. "Fine, as long as I get Brutus." The Devil whined from his seat. "No fair! I don't want that wimpy idiot!" "You'll have Brutus over my dead goat-body!" Lucifer knocked his papers from the table and screamed in frustration. ----- /r/Robin_Redbreast for more arcane popinjays. 