
The king sat upon his surprisingly humble throne, his right leg bouncing up and down in anticipation. His shriveled thumb was plunged into his mouth as he bit his thumbnail. Over the past couple of months, a few different knights and heros have been sent to rescue the princess, his daughter, from an extremely powerful and malevolent dragon. None have them returned to strip away the anxiety and grief the king felt for his daughter. He has now resorted to offering a fairly large reward for both the return of his daughter and proof of the death of the dragon. Somebody had replied to his plea, however, but the individual has not shown. *He said he would be here soon. It's been hours!* The doors to king chamber swung open and a young man hurried to the king. "My king, he has arrived!" He shouted with excitement. A small amount of relief washed over the king. "Please, have him approach me." The young man took a slight bow and ran from the room. A few moments later, a middle aged man walked into the chamber with a certain amount of authority. The king leaned forward in his throne with bemusement, almost falling out of it. The man that approached him looked nothing like he had ever seen before. The man stood at what appeared to be 5 inches tall. He was a somewhat heavyset man, although beefy might be a better word to describe him. He wore red overalls with a bright red cap on his head with the letter "M" across it. The man had reached the king's throne. He removed his hat and took a short bow. The man had thick black hair and a black mustache to accompany it. The man's demeanor was somewhat unsettling to the king. He was abnormally calm for a situation like this. "I thank you for answering my plea. I assume you know that the task I have proposed to you is extremely dangerous. Do you accept that risk Mr....?" The king was still hesitant and little unsure of this person. The man pointed to the M on his hat and simply said "Mario." The king had just noticed that was he was wearing somewhat oversized white gloves. "Mario. Do you accept this task and promise to bring both my daughter and proof of death of the dragon back to my kingdom?" Mario's face morphed into an expression of perplexity. "I don't think I've ever heard anybody refer to him as a dragon!" Mario said with a bit of a chuckle. The king's mouth was agape. "What do you mean? Are you familiar with this fiend?!" The king asked Mario in a stern tone. He was almost out of his throne now. Mario's expression shifted to a look of empathy and concern as he could hear a hint of anger in the king's voice. "I will get the princess back you have my word. I will not, however, kill the creature. He doesn't deserve that." The king slowly lowered himself back into his chair. "If you won't kill the creature...how will you conquer him?" The king asked with both confusion and interest. A smile formed across the heavyset man's face. "I'll just jump on his head a few times." Mario said with a hint of enthusiasm. 