
"Oh... a visitor, how lovely." The words dripped sardonically from Manny's mouth. "*Silence! You will obey me!*" shrieked the voice in his head. Manny chuckled. "And why should I? Because you possessed me?" He strolls to the mirror to stare at his reflection, and smile at it with a condescension that made his words seem downright cordial. "*Yes, exactly! I am in control now, now obey before I destroy your mind!*" The shrillness of the tone made the robed man chuckle to himself even more. This was going to be good. "I can tell you're new at this, so I will give you this one chance, begone from my mind, and I will let you live." Manny's face turned dark in the mirror, his grin turned cruel, and he gave his reflection a menacing glare. "*Do you think you... scare me?*" A little sneer from the man in the black and red frock was all the voice got as an answer. "*You...You can't hurt me!*" The words were less like a statement of fact, and more like a plea. "*They said you can't hurt me! You're helpless against me!*" Manny bellowed with laughter. "Were I anyone else, perhaps. But your chance is now squandered, Elxafizath." The alien word rolled off his tongue fluidly. "By your real name, you will bring your corporeal form to me." The voice let out a panicked squeal, and the twisted form of the demon wrenched itself into the room, bemoaning the fact that he was unable to resist. He almost immediately tried to slither back to his own dimension, but Manny's hand snapped like a viper to grab him. The oily-black energies that coated the man's palm stained the sallow flesh of the demon, and left it stiff as a board. "*No! This isn't possible!*" The mind of the demon screamed, its body no longer obeying. "*Who are you? How did you know my name?*" Manny sneered. "Emmanuel Rophe, that is my name. And you foolishly failed to even try to shield your mind from mine. So getting your name was trivial. I had it the moment you made your presence known." If the demon could shiver under the effect of the spell, it would have. "*Let me go! Let me go and I will never bother you again! I don't want to be bound to a mortal's service!*" Rophe's expression darkened. "Oh, I can assure you, you will not be bound to my service." His hand started to mingle with the flesh of the demon in a crackle of red energy now. "You will never be bound to anyone's service." The mental scream of the demon seemed to echo through the room. The rank confusion was only matched by the rankness of its bowels as they emptied. As more of his own skin tone spread over the demon's body, Manny started a monologue. "You chose not only a necromancer as your first target, but also a fleshcrafter, and a former member of the Argent Order." The form of the being began to twist and wither. "*NO! It was just some harmless fun! A bit of a laugh! Please, stop this! I beg you, don't consume me like this!*" The necromancer continued to drain away the flesh of the demon, using some of the mass to fuel the spell and absorb the foolish thing's powers into his own. He laughed again, as sinister as ever, "You had your chance to flee, and squandered it. Most don't get that kind of chance with me." The demon's terror reduced its mental voice to pained and frightened wails, until it grew so weak that all there was were whimpers. Manny's voice bellowed stronger, as the rush of power from the demon's equivalent of a soul spilled into him. The villainous laugh echoed through the monstrous man's fortress, sending chills down the spines of his guards at their posts and filling those in the dungeon below with dread. The laugh subsided as the last of the demon wilted into his arm. He looked at the site and muttered a single word. "Fool." 