
If it had been an easier task, they would have handled it themselves. But no, it had been a dirty job, so they had called upon me. They call me Randoh. Once, I had a name. I had a family, once. I can sometimes remember the farm. The peace, sometimes. But then the Greenskins attacked. They came in the night, slaughtered our livestock, took my family and left me for dead. That was their mistake. The ditch-digger had me half buried before I woke up. He thought I might be some unholy dead thing. Maybe I am dead. Maybe I died that burning night. Maybe, for a time, I became death. I tracked the Greenskins that attacked my home back to their tribe. My boyhood pursuits had taught me squirrels are much harder to follow. I watched them. I waited. I took my vengeance on the Greenskins one by one in that dark, stinking forest. I buried what was left of my family, my life, and walked away. They call me Randoh. I take the dirty jobs no one else is desperate, or stupid enough to take. They call on me when anyone else who might have is dead or pissing themselves on a corner. The fiend of Gizerald, the Lizardking of Tamash, the troll tribe of Backshe... they tried to give me a knighthood for that one. Fuck 'em I said. Who needs a title when you don't even have a name? It took them time to find me, but they caught up when I visited town. Covered in Greenskin blood and ichor, I must have looked more beast than man, turning in the ears I had collected on my most recent raid against the hordes. A Dragon, they said. Only a fool, they said. Or a man with a death-wish would face it. I didn't care about The Dragon Empire, or the unsteady peace, or that war was about to break out. I had been War for years. I took the job. I travelled to Fort Krox and walked into that smoking castle where the kingdom kept its treasury safe under guard. And I fought. I found an adversary as keen and focused as i had ever been; a match for my determination and will if ever there was one. The battle raged for days, as gouts of flame, dragon roars, toppling towers attested to. The battle ended one dark night when a metallic shriek and storm of wings announced the dragons retreat. They offered me gold, they offered me riches. I refused and left, for I had taken a greater wound than any of them could know. Deep in the darkness of the castle I had faced that dragon. It had used its wits, its magic to draw my words from me, to make me confront my own past. And in the end, it had used beauty to break that terrible hold that Death had upon me. But the sword that had wounded me had not been one-sided. The Dragon Empire, at the request of the Greenskin tribes, had sent their best against me, a princess of their kind. But she never returned home to her people. Months later the letter caught up to me, a missive delivered by the King's own Herald. I had looked to my wife with her brilliant fire-red hair nursing our newborn daughter. Her bright eyes, ever challenging, met mine as I read the message aloud, followed by an "Ooops." "So, what are you going to do... -Sir Knight-?" I grinned at her choice of title and tore the parchment in half before I returned it to the Herald. "Please tell the king that there is no Randoh here, nor any Knights or Dragons. We are but humble merchants here at the House of Jimothy." 