
I picked up the phone. "Hi Jenna," came the voice over the receiver. I just sighed. "When'd you find out?" "Yesterday, Jen," Liz said over the phone, "I saw you at the grocery store." I rubbed my hand against my face. Of all the most ridiculous... "Have you already moved then?" The only answer was a knock on the door and click on the line. No, it couldn't possibly... I opened the door and beheld myself standing there, even wearing similar clothes. Ripped blue jeans and a buttoned shirt. My own startlingly blue eyes, pale skin and dark hair stared back at me. "Hey sis," Liz said with a slight smile. I stood there, stunned. I could feel my cells changing very, very slowly. The equilibrium point was around a mile or so, any closer and age flowed in reverse - still, it would take a while for any meaningful change to happen. "Close your mouth, Jen," she said and pushed past me into my apartment. Surveying the dirty sheets and stained walls with a frown. "Quite the step down from when we last met, yeah? I believe you were head of some oil company?" She waved a dismissive hand, "they blend together really." At this point I had enough presence of mind to close my mouth with a click. I blinked several times. It had been...decades. "Close the door too," Liz said. Finally, I spoke. "How...why are you here?" "Why to see each other of course, isn't that what siblings do?" I wanted to hug her, tell her how much I missed her, but I remembered what she'd said to me the last time we'd met in person. Sure, we'd made up on the phone, to some extent, but to see her in person... my shock faded and anger rushed to the forefront. "Right," I snarled, "and that's the first time that's occurred to you in the last half-century eh?" Liz met my gaze evenly. "Well, when that sister has been trying to ruin my life for...what? Three thousand years? I think it's understandable." "Ruin your life!" I sputtered, "I'm trying to keep you alive!" Liz stepped up close to me, her eyes ablaze, her composure finally breaking. "Keep me alive! You've made every moment of my life hell!" I shook my head. "Trust me, death is worse. Something is always better than nothing." "Maybe to *you,*" she spat, putting as much venom into those words as possible. "You selfish bitch. You don't give a damn about me, you just want to cling to your precious life." I took a deep breath. We'd had this exact conversation hundreds of times and each time the wound felt as fresh as the first time Liz had opened it. And perhaps the worst part was part was the paradox of it all. I would take a bullet for her - a fatal one, yeah. But to die like this...to waste both of our lives...that was something I couldn't do. Wouldn't do. "Is that why you're here then," I asked keeping my voice on calm, "to rant at me?" Liz blinked. "Is that it? Aren't you going to say anything?" "Someone has to be the mature one here," I said with a smirk, knowing it would cool her off. Liz rolled her eyes and I could see the smile fighting to be on her lips where anger had been just a moment ago. "By 2 minutes, Jen, you're older by 2 minutes." For a moment both of us smiled, our anger forgotten. Thousands of years of fights forgotten. Only for a moment though. She was the first to stop smiling. She took a deep breath, "I did come here for a reason though." I waited. "A...a bet," she said. "A bet?" I frowned. "A game. If I win, you stay in this apartment for a year - you don't look for me. Think of it as a head start." I frowned. In today's world I might never find her again. 10 years was a long time. "And if I win," I asked. "Then we live together, for, say 10 years, your choice where. Who knows...you might even convince me." It was a ridiculous offer. I had so much to lose, and she only had to gain. But I looked at her, her eyes wide in anticipation. She'd thought about this for days, agonized over it. I didn't see someone who was resentful and bitter, but someone who just wanted...hope. Something to look forward to in life. I saw myself. And who knew, perhaps I would convince her. "What's the game?" I asked. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 