
Still shocked, I looked over the findings once again. How many times had I looked over these pages? 5? 10? I noticed my hands were shaking and forced myself to put down the paper and put my hands on the table. The group of scientists across from the table were looking at me expectedly, waiting for me to say something. "Are you sure about this?" I said. They nodded in unison, glancing at one another. We were all shocked when we found those gigantic jagged formations. We told the public they were just mountains that had been shaped weirdly by the dust storms that plagued Mars, but I ordered an investigation. The findings were right here in my hands, pyramids? Not only that, but pyramids with some strange technology within them? And these people in front of me, the brightest of humanity, were telling me to pull the switch and activate it once again? "Why should I activate it?" I said, looking into each of their eyes. "Sir" eagerly said one of the youngest scientists, "it will save humanity. Pulling the switch will make the terraforming mission occur in decades, not centuries." "But why is it here? Why would it do that?" I said angrily. I am no scientist, but I didn't get to where I am now without some skill. I'm a politician, I know when someone is lying to me, and these scientists were not telling me the whole story. Terraforming Mars had been difficult, Earth was dying, and this mission had been the only thing keeping relative peace between the superpowers of Earth. The scientists shuffled uncomfortably, apart from the youngest. I knew him, my daughter had talked about him admirably, I was sure she had a crush on him. He was one of the first born and raised on this planet, one of the first true Martians. He was talented, but he shared the same view as many from his generation, all decisions should be based in reason and science, not ethics. "Those pyramids were built long ago, by a species remarkably similar to us, but more advanced." He said stoically. "The pyramid acts like a conduit between here and Earth and will transport the magnetic field of Earth to Mars and jumpstart its core." "It will leave Earth desolate" another scientist chimed in. I was scared, I didn't know if I should cry or shout. I was confused and scared, I knew what they were asking for. "We suspect that the Pyramids of Mars and the Pyramids of Giza were made by our ancient ancestors and this has happened before." He continued, staring into my eyes. "I suspect it's a cyclic occurrence, but I won't be able to confirm that theory without more investigation." I couldn't process all this information. My mind wandered to Earth, where I had lived for most of my life, my parents still on the planet, my daughter had just begun university in Iceland, she still seemed like a little girl in my eyes. And this Martian was telling me to kill all of it? I was governor of the southern colonies of Mars, as appointed by the UN, I wouldn't have some kid that had never been outside of a habitation bubble telling me to genocide a whole planet. "Are you implying that we should damn the rest of humanity for Mars?!" I shouted. "There are billions of people there! We would have to mass evacuate before doing anything like this!" The scientists began to whisper to one another as I brought up the contact for the UN's interplanetary communication satellite on my display table. My access was denied. I tried again, access denied. Panic gripped every fibre of my being. I looked up and saw that the young Martian had stood up, the rest of the group had already begun to leave the room. As the last person left I heard the unmissable sound of the metallic door locking itself. "You can't do this!" I pleaded with him, "You can't do this to a whole planet, I have family there" The Martian stood quietly, and I thought I saw a glint of remorse or pity as he looked at me. "I'm sorry sir, but the future won't be held back." He reached into his pocket and pulled out a gun. "I am sorry for your daughter." I felt something hit my stomach as everything faded to darkness. I awoke sometime later, still at my desk. I felt faint and my stomach was on fire. Blood covered my body and chair, and I couldn't feel my legs. I had dreamt that this had happened before, to someone like myself, again and again. I looked around the room and to the television screen on the wall. Satellites showed that Earth was dark for the first time in centuries, the energy grids destroyed by solar storms. The auroras that violently shot around the planet were the only sources of light in the dark. I began to close my eyes, I began thinking of the sea, and I was glad that my daughter had seen it at least once. 