
"Are you even listening? You are suspected of grand larceny." "Of course detective, I always listen my hardest when lying my head on a table." "If nothing else we have you on the criminal act of lying." "Lying, my good detective Samson, I do believe you've got no such thing." He raised his head to look at the pacing detective. "No? You lied when you told Mrs. Yates you were there to appraise the artwork of her home." "I did not, I was there to appraise the artwork." "And you stole those paintings didn't you? And you must have had someone working with you in order to have moved them so fast." "Oh detective I do believe you're onto something now." "So you do admit to stealing those paintings?" "Oh no Detective Samson, I said I believe you're on to something, I didn't say it was anything with merit." "Marcus Jones, born 2102 July, suspected on three counts of forgery and theft. Let me guess, you used a false identification, maybe an insurance investigator let me know if I'm getting close?" "Oh, you are just a wealth of intelligence, are you not?" "Again, lying, to an officer of the law, this time?" "Lying? Me? When?" "You just called me intelligent, but you didn't actually mean it, did you?" "Oh now detective you mustn't be so hard on yourself, I am sure you are quite the sharp tool in the shed." "I didn't...I graduated with honors, I have a masters in Criminology." "Ah well, I'm glad to see that education is doing wonders for you." The detective sat down opposite to Marcus. "Look I've had a thought-" "Oh now detective don't do anything you aren't used to." "Listen if you give up the man who moved the paintings for you, we'll lessen your sentence, we'll even drop the probable countless charges of lying." "Detective, I cannot have a sentence if you cannot prove anything, and you can't. Also I have yet to lie to anyone." "But you haven't exactly told the truth have you?" "That would be semantics detective even if it was true. Face it you have nothing on me, so if there's nothing else I'll be going." He rose from the chair and made his way to the door. "Your record must really be outstanding, I don't think I've ever see a zero in the arrests column. I'll give a bit of a helping hand... sarcasm is a foreign language to you, isn't it?" With that he smiled and exited the room. 