
"Listen, we don't want to step on any toes here, but we've had a vote, and well..." The leader of the cowled black figures shrugged, "You're gonna have to resign." Murmurs of agreement went around the room. Shrouds and hoods went up and down, some glowing red underneath. "...Resign?" I was perplexed. "My lords, I'm... well, I'm not sure what to say to that." "I hear you, and I want to let you know that I appreciate your opinion, but guy," Cowled figure 1 gestured broadly. "Read the room, eh? Ba'al might've voted you in, but he lets us deal with the nitty gritty. You're just gonna have to go. I'm sorry, I really am." Another wave of head nods circulated. Well, circulated among those that had heads. "I still don't understand. Ba'al made it very clear when in our last blood communion / HR meeting. He said I've been doing wonders for the syndicate." I made air quotes: "*Our fountains once again flow with the blood of the virgin!*, he said!" "Alright, alright. I see what you're saying here. You drive a hard bargain, champ," He gave my shoulder a little dig, cleared his throat. "We're prepared to offer you a hefty severance package. All the blood you can drink, a nice pension... Heck, we'll even throw in a quaint little property overlooking Tartarus." "Hey," A voice piped up from the other side of the table. "We said that was a last resort. I don't wanna lose my cabin!" The cowled figure turned inhumanly fast, levelled a bony finger at his contemporary. "So help me Ba'al, if you don't shut your goddamn face, *Jerry*, I'll tell the big guy where his sugarflesh cookies have been going. You fat fuck." Jerry was clearly taken aback, but crossed his arms and shrunk down into a sulk. He muttered something about a '*hostile work environment*'. I was so, so, incredibly confused. "I am so, so incredibly confused." "Walk with me." The cowled figure stood up, led me out through the hallway and over to a balcony. Down below, I could hear an assortment of trickster gods playing a version of Mah-jong. It sounded like Anansi was losing, the way he swore. The cowled figure leaned on the rampart. "All this," He said, sweeping his arm outwards, "All this, well, it's a support network. Thousands upon thousands of minor deities, working gods just like me and... well, not like you, but you get the point. They rely on a constant stream of work for their livelihood. You following me?" I nodded. "Well, these guys, they have families. Little demons, dreaming of becoming chaos agents just like their daddies." He coughed. I don't know why he coughed, considering he was undead, but he did anyway. "Then some Ivy league elite comes in, streamlines, centralises... makes redundancies. You're ruining families. And honestly, we can't have that." "Chaos gods don't have children." I crossed my arms. "I think I'm making you look bad. I think you just want to get rid of me." He froze up, crossed his arms to mimic my body language. Evidently he'd had too many seminars on '*the importance of non-verbal communication*', or something. Ass. "Oh, no... is that what you think? Believe me, I'm the good guy here." He laughed, shaking his shroud with each *ha*. "Look, I'll level with you. Ba'al wants you gone." He let that statement sink in. I tried to interject, but he spoke over me. "Ba'al wants you gone, but it's a little beneath his station to dismiss you. So he told us to do it." He gave my shoulder a squeeze. "Believe you me, I didn't want to have to tell you the truth. Honestly, I knew it would crush you. I'm sorry, my friend, but the big guy wants you gone, praise him." "Praise him," I replied, automatically. "But... I just can't believe you. I'm sorry. I'm going to have to speak to the soul-eater myself." He nodded, slowly. "I was afraid you'd say that." "What?" "*Turd in the garden! Turd in the garden!*" He shouted. I felt someone lift my legs, another push my shoulders, and then the ground was rushing up to meet me. ----- /r/Robin_Redbreast 