
They say that when you die, your life flashes before your eyes, but all Raymond could see were the flashes from the cameras, the lawmakers flashing their brace-perfect teeth, and the sparks from the electric chair. It had taken them years, but they finally got him. The timer above his head shuddered and the '10' flipped over to a '9' and then an '8.' Raymond closed his eyes, and his mind wandered back to where it all went wrong. *** June smiled coyly at him through the rearview mirror. She'd been sleeping in the back seat, and her hazel locks swirled in tousels around her rosy cheeks. Raymond shifted in the driver's seat, having difficulty keeping his eyes on the road. "I can drive if you're tired," June said and placed her hand on his neck. Raymond's arms and back exploded in goosebumps. "It's fine, as long as you don't distract me." "I don't know what you're talking about!" she said, her voice shrill in mock indignation. Her hand traveled down his neck and started exploring the insides of his shirt. Raymond closed his eyes and mumbled a few arcane words. The conjured fae danced across the dashboard before wrapping its chubby fingers around the wheel. Teaching Qlick how to drive a car hadn't been easy, but at least it circumvented the law about not using magic to operate vehicles, because technically, a fae was just a creature from another realm. The shimmering translucent critter sat down on the horn and one of its tendrils extended to the floor and took control of the gas. Its shimmering sapphire eyes peered excitedly at the road ahead. Raymond had even gone through the trouble (and it was a lot of trouble) of getting this particular fae a driver's license, but anything is possible with enough magic, as long as you find the appropriate loopholes in the law. The law clearly stated that you were allowed to try for a driver's license as long as you didn't use magic to give yourself an advantage and were above the legal age. And Qlick was about nine hundred human-years old. Raymond dove into the back seat and wrapped his arms around the giggling June. "I'll teach you a thing or two about distractions!" A sudden blast of a horn filled his mind. A few moments later Raymond stood outside the crumpled wreckage of the car, holding the battered June in his arms. He didn't need magic to tell that the bloody gashes on her face weren't the only complications. Her bones were broken and blood oozed out of her mouth. The law stated that manipulation of another person's body by use of magic was strictly forbidden. "Goodbye, Ray," June said, and a red waterfall seeped down her chin. "No!" Raymond took a deep breath. Her life for his. That was the trade. The arcane words tumbled out of his mouth. It was a long time since he had used such powerful magic. Tingles spread from his lips throughout his body, making it glitter and shine. He touched her chest gently, and yellow strings of light sprouted from his fingertips, patching her up from within. The gashes healed and her bones mended. She smiled at him and he smiled back. Even as the cops took him into custody, the smile lingered on his lips. *** When Raymond opened his eyes, the timer was at '3' and then flipped over to '2.' A man with a bald head and a pained look on his face rushed up to June's father. Raymond uttered an arcane word under his breath, and suddenly he could hear the man perfectly through the thick glass. Using any forms of clairaudience was strictly forbidden inside government buildings, but since he only had two seconds left to live what were they going to do about it? "Mr. Capolet, it's about your daughter. I have very bad news," the man said, wringing his hands. "Why, what is it?" The grin on Mr. Capolet's face shifted to annoyance. "We found her in the guest house, clutching an empty bottle of hydrogen cyanide. I'm so sorry." It's interesting how many muscle movements that can go through a face in less than a second. Raymond had expected to see some of those turned into emotion on Mr. Capolet's face, mirroring his own face which twisted into a mask of grief, anger, and guilt. But the only muscles on her father's face that came to life was the clenched jaw as his face hardened. His dark eyes returned to the execution room. "I'll deal with it later." A heart-string snapped inside Raymond's chest. The timer on the wall flipped to '1.' Fire swirled in his eyes. Both curses and arcane words passed over his lips. The glass of the execution chamber cracked and shattered, and the electricity surged into all the chairs in the audience room, frying their occupants in a nauseating fizzle of burnt flesh. Raymond rose from his chair, broke the restraints, and walked through the sea of smoke and glass shards. The contours in face darkened. He held out his hand accusingly at the only man who wasn't running. "Elemental invocations in public! Magical breaking of restraints! Unlawful harm to property and people by the use of spells!" Mr. Capolet screamed. "I don't care about your laws anymore," Raymond said calmly, tears rolling down his cheeks. The darkness swirled around him, coming alive, closing in around Mr. Capolet. Decaying arms reached through the fabric of reality grabbing the big man. "That's black magic!" Mr. Capolet cried. "You're dead, you hear me? Dead!" Raymond had never dabbled in Necromancy before, but how else was he going to get June back? "Goodbye," he said simply and snapped his fingers. In a flash of concentrated darkness, the ground opened beneath Mr. Capolet's feet and the withering arms of the undead pulled him down. *** More at r/Lilwa_Dexel **Omg, thanks for the gold!!** 