
My grin melted down when I saw my bank account stale. How? The old tarot reader had told me that as long as none witnessed the blessing God had sent me, nothing would stop it. The coin had hit me in the head two days later, very much like Newton's apple had hit him. Perhaps it had a range I didn't know of? Perhaps sending it to space in a the Tesla car seat hadn't been the best idea. And then an idea came upon me like a falling tree. 'As long as none witnessed it,' the tarot reader had said. I shuddered, and dialed a friend of mine. "Elon?" I said. "Robert, how are you doing? Thank you very much for your last donation, was just ab-about to give you a ca-call," he said, stuttering briefly. "My pleasure Elon," I said, keeping my cool. "Listen, could you tell me the current state of the Tesla car you sent to space?" "The Tesla car?" He went silent for a moment. "It's up there, orbiting, according to my screen." "Are you sure? Did your people perhaps cleaned it up before launching it?" My heart was throbbing wildly, yet I somehow kept my composure. "Of course they did, we had it perfected and inspected days before the launch." "Okay, thanks Elon. Sorry for the weird question." I threw the phone, with the wrath of a spoiled man who had just became poor, out of my sight. I surrendered myself between the sheets of my bed, trembling and screaming terrible things at my pillows. I had slipped the coin minutes before they loaded the car, there was no possible way the coin had been found. I'll be damned, but something was watching us from beyond. ------------------------------------------------------- Elon frowned at his phone. There was only one reason why Robert could have been suspicious, and if Robert had noticed, then the entire SpaceX did too. Elon frantically scrolled through his contact list, calling Brandon, head of SpaceX secret team. "Brandon, tell me something," Elon said, "there was any anomaly regarding the Tesla we sent to space?" "Not that I know of. The part we noticed had dislodged from the car days ago ended up being a false alarm." "Oh yes, I had been notified about it. Thank you." Elon smiled, shuffling a coin between his fingers. How blind could these humans be? How hadn't they noticed he had flown nearby the car to retrieve that errant coin gravity had pulled away? Elon pondered over the words his guru, an old tarot reader he had secretly seen two weeks ago, had told him, 'A grain of sand holds what you seek, and in the vast nothingness you will find it." He was well aware of what those words had meant, and so he smiled and grabbed his iron-man comic, knowing Robert would be having an existential crisis, knowing money would never stop him from fulfilling his quest for conquest. ------------------------------------------- /r/therobertfall for more stories! 