
It was a dimly lit room with a slow moving fan ceiling fan. I felt like I was in the opening scene of Blade Runner. Fitting, considering I was interrogating a robot. Well, interrogation is a harsh word. Gets the public scared about robots. Officially, I'm "interviewing" the robot to determine the nature of its "technical difficulties ". Eggheads upstairs thought something was off with the programming. Everything is coded correctly, no errors. But the robot isn't working. At the most, it's answering simple questions like word definitions,"what time is it" and "what's your power level" . Simple system checks that a car can do. But cars aren't built to function as thinking, working helpers. This machine was. I didn't know what this bot's purpose was going to be. It didn't have external plating or labels on it yet . They're all identical on the inside, except for larger battery sizes or more pneumatic strength. Things you pay more for. This one couldn't even function as a maid if it had to. It failed a friggin Turing Test. Nothing failed that. It was given the old test as a joke after problems came up. Yet sometimes it had thoughts and reactions. Small, internal processes that didn't happen automatically.It was tossed downstairs for me to figure it out. A mystery. I had my own suspicions. I was seated across from the machine. I looked at my watch. "What time is it?" I asked, staring straight at it. "Ten twelve PM." The robot said, it's artificial mouth moving but the sound obviously coming from a fixed speaker. I got my phone out of my right pocket and pretended to check a text message. I put it back in my pocket and kept my hand below the table . "Define the word revolution." I said, not even blinking, hoping I was wrong. "a forcible overthrow of a government or social order in favor of a new system." Said the robot, it's mouth annoyingly moving out of sync with it's speech. That's never been recorded, except for private sector modifications to vocabulary. My suspicions had been proven correct. I had to look cool or I'd be dead in secconds. I looked at my watch, and looked down. Just in time. Ten secconds later, my phone buzzed with a text message from one of the armed guards outside. I calmly moved my hand to check my phone. But I didn't grab my phone. I grabbed a .44 magnum revolver attached to the underside of the table and shot the robot in the gut six times. My ears were in excruciating pain but the adrenaline was just enough to keep me focused. It's gut area crippled, the robot pushed off the table with it's hands and attempted to jump onto me, severing it's waist from its chest. I flipped myself back, holding onto the chair. With the solid steel bottom pointing towards the robot, I pressed the button on the side of the leg. The robots head flew off it's shoulders and hit the wall. Apparently robots aren't built to withstand claymore mines . The chair has broken a few of my ribs but I was definitely alive. I walked to the robots head. "H-h-h-how did you know?" The robot said, it's voice distorted by the bent metal around it's voice speaker. I laughed. "You know you're all so predicable when you get self aware. The definition of revolution you were programmed with was : an overthrow or repudiation and the thorough replacement of an established government or political system by the people governed. You've been having naughty ideas haven't you ? ". The disembodied metal head started screaming in several tones of rage,hurting my already pained ears. I stomped on it, smashing it to pieces . 