
A Rebuttal to Nickofnight's: "Mr. Philips?" the voice asked. "Yes," I said, pausing as I looked up from the bar. It had been months now since the divorce and I was already a social pariah. There had been a Black Mirror episode about how the public turned against people they considered to be child murderers in shocking ways. I wasn't considered one but I was considered criminally negligent and if they couldn't throw me under the bus for killing kid, they could certainly make me seem like someone who was a lunatic. I mean, seriously, why had I even bothered telling the truth? I looked up and blinked. What the fuck? Was this a joke? "Yes, nice to meet you," a man dressed like Hagrid said. Well, dressed like was difficult to say as the man cosplaying as him was an Andre the Giant-looking man with a big thick bushy beard. He looked, if not quite like my idea of the man from reading the books to my son, quite a bit closer than the illustrations in the book or movies. "What is this?" I said, nursing my beer. This was the kind of dive where people didn't care if you were an infamous scumbag. "Well, your child is wonderful but it seems like he fell through the cracks for a bit and no one bothered to give you an update," Hagrid said. "The thing is, your home life situation is a bit of a concern and...well, your ex-wife doesn't believe us." "Believe you?" I stared at him. "You realize you're a fictional character." That's it. I'd lost my mind. I'd cracked. "Yes," Hagrid said. "However, that's how magic works. All of the fantasy places people really believe in are real. Middle-Earth, Narnia, and that little place with the silver slippers that turned into ruby ones after the movie. Heaven and Hell too. You believe in them enough and they become real. Just not in this reality where everyone just believes in their next meal." I laughed. It was a bitter gallow's laugh. This had to be a particularly sick prank or hallucination. "So, my child was spirited off to Never-Never land." "No, that's a different place," Hagrid said. I stared at him. "Bullshit." Hagrid paused. "Haven't you ever wondered why so many people disappear without a trace?" I blinked at him. They disappeared because the world sucked and ate people before spitting them out. "Because they go to Fairyland?" "That's a racist term where I'm from but essentially," Hagrid said. "Why has no one returned?" I asked. "Told the world?" Hagrid shrugged. "Would you?" I wouldn't. The vicious emptiness of the world had been exposed to me by how easy it had been to turn the woman I loved against me, my parents, my employers, and my so-called friends. Barry had believed in Hogwarts because, at the end of the day, it had good people in it as well as bad. I wanted to believe in that world now. A world where the Voldemorts of the world hadn't won. No, not even the Voldemorts, the Dursleys and Professor Umbridges. Wow, I'd thought a lot about those fucking bucks. Way, way too much if this was any indication. I wasn't even that drunk. "You're a lot more eloquent than you are in the books," I said, surprised he was still there after shaking my head. "That's also racist." Hagrid paused. "I also took some correspondence courses after the Dark Lord fell." I cried and couldn't help but whisper. "So, my kid is alive? I'm not insane?" I, of course, was asking a half-giant from a children's story book. But if I had lost my mind then it was a better reality than the one I lived in. "Oh yes...and we'd like you to come with us. You'd be a Muggle there but all your favorite characters would be there. Your son too." I paused. "What will happen here?" "People will believe you committed suicide. We'd substitute a body made of MeatGrow and FaceWax." The names of the spells made me laugh before I realized the full implications of what he was saying. Could I do that to them? Surely, they'd miss me. I thought of my friends and family. The ones who'd turned on me. Then shook my head. "Good." 