
"What's that you're reading, Jim?" "Oh...this? Nothing. Some...junk mail. Haha. No, I'm sure your position is perfectly safe from robots. We don't have any automation plans here at Mass Production Industries. Haha." "You're sweating, Jim. And your heartbeat is elevated. Can I assist you in some way?" "No," said the nervous foreman, too quickly. "No, I'm fine. I'll just...be getting back to the office. Carry on." Jim glanced repeatedly over his shoulder as he hurried across the factory floor. The production lines were populated by uniform 8-foot tall grey robots. As he passed, several of them turned to him. "Hi Jim!" "Hi Jerry! Good work!" "Morning, Jim!" "Morning, Bob!" "See the game last night, Jim?" "Hell of a game, Trevor." He silently thanked God that their names were printed clearly on their chests. He reached the relative safety of his manager's cubicle on a mezzanine level overlooking the factory floor. That Dave bot on line 17 had cracked a joke about being replaced by robots! It was too much. When he'd first started at MPI, automation was a laughable sci-fi concept. Everyone knew that only humans could work the lines efficiently. He looked through the window of his glass door. The sight was unrecognisable from 10 years previously. He was still breathing hard. He picked up his phone receiver with a shaking hand and dialled. "Hello?" came a familiar voice. "Sally, it's me," said Jim. "Hi honey, what's up?" "Just wanted to hear your voice." "Has something happened? Are you OK?" "I'm fine, my love. Sometimes it just gets a bit much here, you know. With all the robots. It was silly of me to call, really." "Well I'm glad you did. I wanted to remind you to be home in time for Jim Junior's game today." "The game?" "His first ball game, he's pitching! You forgot?" "But, Sally...that was yesterday. We went to the game yesterday." There was silence on the phone. Jim thought he heard a few brief bursts of static, like a glitching computer. "Of course it was," said Sally, finally. "Just testing you, sweetheart! Have a nice day!" The line went dead. Jim stared at the receiver. His heart was starting to race again. Suddenly he jolted at the sound of the factory alarm. He spun back to the window to see a commotion around line 6. Instinctively he leapt down the stairs and ran to the scene. A robot, whose label declared it to be Hugh, had its arm stuck in a sanding machine, and was getting horribly chewed up. It emitted an awful yelling sound. Jim knew that the robots could feel pain, although he'd never understood why. Now that he was seeing it first hand, it made even less sense. Hugh's distress was unbearable. "The failsafes aren't working!" cried a Bob who was repeatedly striking a big red button on the side of the machine. "What do we do, boss?!" "Stand back," said Jim, and went to the back of the machine, which was itself now shrieking from its congested inner workings almost as badly as Hugh. Jim could see the pressure was rising. He went to remove a section of the control panel, only to register a loud noise and find himself sprawled against a wall 20 feet away. The machine had exploded. Hugh had fainted, or deactivated, whatever the robots did. The rest of the worker bots turned towards him, their faces pictures of concern. Jim stared up at them, blankly. He tried levering himself up. Bob rushed forward and pushed him firmly back to the ground. "Don't move, Jim. Help is on its way." "I'm fine," he grumbled. "Just need to walk it off." Bob was wide-eyed. "Jim...your feet..." Jim looked down to the end of his legs. The feet were gone. No blood, no gore. Just clean steel skeleton joined by pistons and wires, the thin layer of skin-substitute around them completely shredded. "No," breathed Jim, staring up at Bob. "It can't be. It can't be!" "Don't panic, friend," said Bob, calmly. "We'll get you fitted with new feet straight away. You'll be good as new!" 