
Still alive? That's really funny. Fine, we shall have a one-on-one discussion. After all, you are a survivor, and I respect that. Have you heard of Syntech? I take it by your response you have not. The viewers have all fallen, all 125 of them, save for you, the 126th. I don't know how. Are you blind? You are not blind, good to know. You were looking at your screen the whole time? Syntech. Think of this as a big practical joke, big simulation. This stream is far from what you expected. Synetch is an organization, just click on this link. www.machinationfoundation.com You've heard of the lizard people theory, right? Good, at least that much as clear. For a viewer, you are unaware of the ciphers I have shown. Oh, a first-time viewer? I see, I see. This your first time on the Tor browser? You've heard of the drugs, the guns, the hitmen, the violent and illegal content. But this is a portion of the web you probably shouldn't have stumbled on. Click the link, and I'll get back to you. Ross Howard, of Meridian, ID, 2245 N. Vale Springs Drive, you will not leave the stream. Out conversation isn't over. This browser isn't completely safe. Calm down, my aim is not to kill you, but to troubleshoot. Click the link, please. Nothing illegal on the other side, I give you my word. You found lizardpeopleofsaratogaspringsny.avi? Good, it is a particular help of mine. Watch the video, tell me what you think. That woman is not your concern. Ross, if you get up, I swear, I will make you suffer for slighting me. You will stay put, and listen to my mission. The video is showing a lizard person from the town of Saratoga Springs, who Syntech hunted down and killed last year. She is vital to the enhanced sonic waves in the DeathFace protocol. Which failed on you, by the way. Look at my face, look. I have never revealed my true face to a viewer, but a survivor I could oblige. Look it it. See my face? Scarred, deformed, hideous. I cover half in bandages for that reason. My eyes are unaffected, I can still see. I believe in the theory, I know it is real. All the other viewers are dead, how do you explain that!? A hoax? Ross Howard, you insult me. Here is another link, I shall type it in chat. lizardpeopleoftaured.avi Have you heard of the man from Taured? It's an incident which occurred sometime ago. Ross? No one is dead. You heard me. But my organization would enjoy a new acolyte. Your friend told you about my cryptoanarchy stream, correct? Good, would you like to join us? No? You are disturbed by the videos. You don't need to worry, the people killed were lizard people only. No real humans, none at all. They deserved it, of course. Are you a lizard? Ross, you cannot exit mid stream, Ross. Ross? He disconnected. Ross? Bring in the next lizard, start the new stream. Someone send Alex to kill Ross, end his life. Suffocate him, slit his throat, stab him many times till he drowns in his own blood. ---------------------------------------- I removed the mask and bandages from my face, and laughed a little. "Alex, it's Jamie. Ross is gonna have the fright of his life! Go and spook him a bit." 