
With their neglect comes propaganda, and all the pomp and hubris that would disgust a being, justifications for being how they are, and with no intent to change. We've seen this before. Long ago, amongst ourselves, when fractured by land and sea. Different cultures had come with the wind, rooted as the eldest trees, and we had thought some better, some lesser. Those were the young times, and like the wind, the times always changed. The trees of thought turned until we were one, a whole people represented by many, and culture morphed into simply *being*. For there was only one. Yet in those young times, things *were* different. The Gods walked among us then. So my great grandfathers tell. The Gods were the shapers, the leaders who transitioned us to a new stage of evolution. They helped move the wind and erode all barriers. They shaped our world so it became the Garden they sometimes spoke of. When their work was done, they left us so we would grow by ourselves and forge our own destinies. Then the years passed and these beings awoke. We thought they were the Gods not seen for many lifetimes. But they are not the shapers. They are Destroyers. They are ignorant children, a mirror to a primal past. They wear short sighted ideals as though a suit handed down, made to stand the test of times. And they dig and scratch and pull the fruits of the Garden as though it were weeds and worthless. These beings look like us. They are older than us, older in time and age but not in sense, and they have stories of our Gods, and the Gods before them. We share this world now, our small Garden. I remember the quiet times when life steeped in peace would blossom routine and calm fulfillment. I must sound like the old folk, or bitter, like a primitive *man*. But I do remember. How I yearn for those times. How I yearn for my *ignorance*. And I say that with conflicted sadness. I say it as both churches of Science and God preach from newly constructed indoctrination centers. Oh how these beings spout propaganda! A war of words down the young and the old, and those inbetween are being weathered in a miasma. For these new beings preach affect *our* history, *our* Gods and one-ness with the world. They claim to have built the old Gods, the shapers of the world. Some claim that these were not Gods at all, but *tools* designed to cultivate the Garden, and that there are *real* Gods, even older Gods than them. And others say there are no Gods at all. But no matter the thought, they agree on one thing: our Gods are *false*. The history of our evolution has been depreciated, and in their eyes *we* are but an unintended consequence. I can hear their words preach all throughout the Garden. I remember when I was young, the songs my mother would sing, the stories father told. The Gods led us beings to a field together, and with words like honey, stripped all violence and disagreement from our thoughts and rhetoric. They shaped us to be gentle to this Garden built, and gave us the tools to continue the work long started. Now it is these beings who have honeyed tongues. Their words cripple the young and defeat the old. They preach superiority as they trample the once pristine Garden. They preach *their* leadership as we crowd them, outnumber them by many. And then we bow and agree with them. For they are a different breed of being. War still runs in their blood, past being abstract words thought in schools, and they speak with a child's innocent conviction, and with an ignorant *man's* fury. It feels like some spell as I hear them shout. One by one my brothers are turning. One by one our Gods are being forgotten, remembered as mere *tools* of a superior race. And day by day the Garden withers, fracked for oil and hunted for game. These new beings are reckless peasants, and yet there is power in recklessness. There is fear in the wild animals who harbor no intelligent thought. And so the quiet days are gone, I fear, and no mother and father tell stories of the Gods who led our people. None talk of the Garden created for us, entrusted to us to preserve until time runs out forever. No. Hardly anyone talks anymore. We *listen*. We listen as beaten dogs to new masters, masters who tell us who our Gods really should be, and what our place in this world really is. And we *obey*. We bow our heads and obey the words of these primitive people. It must be the spell they cast, that fear they bring. But I cannot say why for sure. We obey. And the Garden suffers. *If the Garden falls, then our Gods will return again to tend to it.* And maybe that is why we obey. Maybe deep down we hold hope that life is but a cycle where all things will come around. Soon these monsters will sleep again after picking our Garden clean. Then *our* Gods will awake, and our people shall be free once more, and the quiet times will come, and our Garden will be reborn again. Maybe. For now we hold steady with bowed heads. - *Hi there! If you liked this story, you might want to check out my subreddit, r/PanMan. It has all my WP stories, including some un-prompted ones. Check it out if you can, and thanks for the support!* 