
"This is such bullshit," I shook my head as I tossed my controller to the floor. I had been playing for thousands of dollars and was still getting my ass kicked by 'xXxAE_Did_Nothing_WrongxXx'. Of *course* they had an asinine name like that. What kind of person did you have to be to sit in front of a game for hours on end just to get better than the other players? Better yet, what kind of a *publisher* did you have to be to make a game that rewards this kind of play? Evil. That's what you had to be. Still reeling from the hundreds of deaths inflicted on me, I got up from the couch and walked upstairs. I needed a drink to take my mind off of this. "Piper!" A voice called out my name as I got to the top of the staircase. "Have you been playin-" my brother began before I cut him off. "Hey, hey, hey!" I put my hands out in front of me. "You have to pay first." I felt a little bad interjecting as soon as I did. My brother didn't usually seem this happy to see me. "Oh, yeah, my bad," he replied, pulling his wallet from his pocket and fishing his card out. "How many minutes do you want?" I asked him as I got my card reader ready. "I'll go for the One Night Unlimited Pass," he replied, handing me the card. I swiped his card in my reader and then selected the 'One Night Unlimited Pass' from the 'conversation services' menu, the option that gave him my unmetered conversation services for the next eight hours. "Total is 4.99," I replied as I handed him back the card. He nodded. "So, have you been playing Warfront 2?" "Ugh," I groaned as I walked over to the fridge. "I've been *trying* to." I slid my credit card into the reader on the fridge and the door unlocked. I peered inside and looked for a drink as my brother continued speaking to me. "It's fun, isn't it?" He held his hands together as he spoke, his eyes beaming with joy in my direction. I pulled a can of beer from the fridge and turned around. Why *did* he seem so happy? "The most frustrating thing," I said, sliding my card down the reader attached to the can to open the top. "Is that I can tell there's a fun game in there somewhere, but I have to spend *time* to get to it." "It's innovative, isn't it?" My brother continued. "I mean, I've never *seen* a game where passion is rewarded like this!" Oh, my brother. Though he was already cresting into his 20s, we all said that he never *really* grew up. Sure, we all used to be like him at one point, but it's just not realistic to live like he does. Never charging for his services, giving away his smiles and giving other people memories for free like that. Hell, I once saw the kid turn down a five figure transaction for his comedy services because he 'just liked to see' the old, grumpy bank manager laugh once in a while. We'd try to tell him that it wasn't good for him to live like this, that he was going nowhere in life, but he just never listened. "It's just not how the world works, Ralph," I said with a sigh. "It's a dishonest practice structuring something around skill and dedication. It's wrong, Ralph, can't you see that?" Ralph cocked his head and looked me in the eye. "No. AE did nothing wrong," he said with a wink before turning around and disappearing back upstairs to his room. 