
I took a sip from my whiskey. An audible "Ahh" left my mouth as I patiently waited for the Roomba to continue its rounds. "Z". The roomba paused, slowly turning 70 degrees clockwise. After witnessing a few more of these, that's probably what chooses it. Those little pauses when the roomba is rerouting. "E". The roomba paused again, this time turning almost 180 degrees. It was pretty scary at first, I must admit. "I am Orgathan! Lesser demon of the underworld! Who dares summon me to the world of mortals?!" The ghostly being shouted. He, if that eyeless, clawed thing even had a gender, was partially see through. I remember how terrified I was; dropping my plate of food, shattering as I fell backwards to the floor. The demon looked in my direction. I could do nothing but tremble. I tried to scream, say anything at all, but nothing came out. "You fool. I can sense your fear." Orgathan growled. "I will start with your so-- wait.. whaA?!" I saw the roomba casually passing through him, the suction actually affecting him. He began growling and screaming, he clawed at the floor, trying to stay here as he didn't even understand what was going on. I didn't either, if I'm being honest. Just as quickly as he had appeared, he was gone... gone into the roomba. It took me a full day to finally check the roomba, emptying the contents: there was no trace of that demon. I wondered if it was a good idea to let the roomba continue its duties, knowing what had just happened. My curiosity will eventually kill me... I threw crumbs around the ouija board and waited. I didn't pay attention at first at how it was done, but sure enough, another one showed up. This time it wasn't a horrible monstrosity. She was actually quite beautiful. As soon as she entered the room, I had the biggest feeling of fog and haze in my head. It was all a blur, that is, until the roomba began sucking her away too. Her inhuman shrieks were loud enough to wake everyone in a 2 block radius. Just as the demon before her, she was gone. The little roomba was completely unfazed, simply continuing its cleaning duties. I couldn't help but to laugh. Were humans really this scared of demons like those? That easily get sucked up by a vacuum like some sort of game? Ever since then I've been throwing crumbs to the ouija board every day. Sometimes twice a day. It's fun. And I get a good few seconds of the demons telling me how they will kill me. "Oh right, enough reminiscing. Final letter. 'A', huh?" Another ghostly demon appeared, screaming at the top of her lungs, "Who dares summon the wicked Arthezea?" She had two horns on the sides of her head, with a third horn on her forehead as if fashioned like a scimitar. "Arthezea? So it IS by name!" I say laughing. I take a sip from my whiskey. "Small human. I sense no fear from you. How curious..." "Oh. I'm just here for the show." I say with a smile "Show?" Arthezea tilts her head curiously. As if on queue, the roomba began sucking her up. She began howling in pain, and just like her kin before her, she was gone. "Eh, I give that scream a 6." I take a look at my watch. "Oh, shoot. I'm late." "You can recharge little guy, I'll be back later." I leave the house, the little roomba finding its way to its charging station. What a fun discovery. 