
Dave Miller was, by most accounts, a normal person. He had just turned 30, and was doing pretty well in life. Not great, but pretty well. He had a nice girlfriend, a good job, and a reasonable apartment. Nothing spectacular in any regards, but good. That isn't to say he did not have his fair share of problems, of course. He had his bills to pay, and his upstairs neighbor was a bit too loud of his taste. The usual problems many people deal with. With one notable exception. "All hail the Dark One! Bringer of the end of all things!" Dave felt the headache coming on. This one was particularly loud. And he had just gotten rid of a different set of cultists. At least this one was alone. He usually dealt with groups. "Hey, uh..." "Yes, oh Dread bringer of the end?" He cultist asked hopefully. "Do you think you can leave me alone? I'm really not in the mood right now." "Oh? Is there someone who is angering you, oh Harbinger of Destruction? Some focus of your ire that must be slain?" This one was all over the place. Most groups stuck with one rediculous name. Of course, if his patchwork robes were any indication, this guy was even more unhinged than the others. "No, nothing like that. I just don't want to deal with...with you people right now." The cultist looked confused. Since all he saw was himself, he was probably wondering what Dave was talking about. "Look, I get people just like you all the time. Way too much, really." "Ah, fellow adherents to the End of all things? Wonderful! One so great as you must have plenty of servants. The Ender of All must have followers." Dave groaned. "Could you not do that? Call me all those stupid names? My name is Dave. Just Dave. Always has been, always will be." Of course it would not matter. He could go on to say how he was just some guy, and not a world ending being of pure destruction. But that would not do anything either. "Of course it is." The cultist said with an exaggerated wink. "Look, just...just go away. I'm not in the mood right now." Dave pushed his way passed the cultist. He made his way to the car, trying to ignore the cultist the entire way. It was hard, but Dave had learned how to do it after all this time. As he drove off, he sighed and tried to collect his thoughts. But, there was really only one thing he could think of at that moment. Sometimes, it was hard being almost normal. 