
The last couple weeks of that month where time stood still were some of the best moments of my life. At first I was paranoid. As with that car crash, I wasn't certain how much longer I had before time would resume and so I devised a series of plans, each more in depth than the last. First, I took account of my surroundings noting any and all potential dangers. Was something barreling towards me like that time with the rabid dog? I was alone in the kitchen of my one bedroom apartment, but this wasn't the first time this has happened here. Perhaps there was someone waiting just outside my front door with a knife and ski mask. No such luck. Outside? Maybe a stray bullet from another poorly located drive-by or a shard of debris from an overhead plane crash. But no one was around. It could be a neighbor like that time I ended up moving due to the bomb threat from that psychopath nobody knew was living several floors above. As I systematically took inventory of household threats, searched each nearby location, and examined every aspect of my own physical health, I began to relax a little. Maybe I was already dead. Or, if not, maybe this time it was inevitable like with a brain aneurysm and there wasn't anything I could do. And so I continued existing in this frozen world. I spent some time messing around with the coworkers that liked to harass me so that when time resumed, they'd have their pants pulled down or they'd trip over their own cat. I worked up the courage to spy on my crush, but it took me a while before I realized she was in the bathroom of a restaurant. She looked bored sitting on the toilet and I felt guilty after receiving a pang of empathy from witnessing her so vulnerable in such an average human moment. I was surely going to die somehow, sometime soon. Was this really how I wanted to spend my last moments on earth? The next several days I decided to put my time to good use and found a few people in my city that were about to commit suicide or otherwise die themselves. I saw myself in them - somehow doomed whether knowingly or not - and decided to intervene. After I exhausted my city and the next few ones nearby, I thought it would be nice to travel. It was impossible to find transportation so I went on foot. Luckily I never hungered nor tired since time had stopped and the only thing keeping me bound was gravity, which seemed completely unfazed by time or the lack thereof. As long as I had a will, my body seemed able to bend around time, moving despite the beat of a heart, the flow of blood, or the electrical pulse of my nervous system. How was I making memories? Was I even aware of my body anymore? I never before had such a prolonged opportunity to examine and study this timeless state of being, and despite the abundance I had now, I felt no closer to understanding it. Weeks had passed and I had become something else entirely. I had become enlightened and felt a profound connection to humanity in a way I had never imagined was possible. I had seen countless personal moments, timeless in themselves. Moments of triumph, sorrow, and hilarity, and through them all an unending stream of human stories I would never fully understand or see how they might end. It was during one of these that time decided it had rested long enough. Before I could even feel it, before I even realized what was happening, my muscles seized from weeks of use within the span of a moment. My heart and lungs exploded. My veins ruptured. Though gravity hadn't taken notice of any difference, momentum was quite upset and I was flung some unknowable distance into space. I died so quickly it felt as if all the time I had spent in that stasis had caught up to me and suddenly my awareness snapped back into the moment back when I was in my own kitchen. I had no body, no consciousness, but I witnessed time fast forward in that exact spot. Weeks and years became flashes as people, buildings, entire centuries and cultures blurred in and out of existence until a flash of ultraviolet and the deep cold pitch from the heat death of the universe finally righted time's imbalance. 