
"So, you, um ... You seem to, um ..." The man's eyes darted away from my face, and I kept back a deep sigh. Two minutes in, and this interview was already falling apart, just like the other ones. His own familiar, a striped cat, had been hiding in the corner of the office since Cthulhu had first crawled in. The cat even looked like it was trembling, great. "Cthulhu! Hey!" I leaned down and snapped my fingers at my familiar's face, unintimidated by the glowing eyeballs or tentacles dancing in the air. "Quit it!" Sulkily, Cthulhu slithered back to lie down underneath my chair, leaving the interviewer's potted tree alone once more. Forcing a smile, I crossed my legs so Cthulhu couldn't easily be seen and prayed that we both could forget the Cthulhu in the room. The man -- Adam? Was that his name? -- looked relieved for a moment before he returned to fixing me with an intense stare. His hands were steepled; not a sign that he would go easy on me. "So, Mr. Pendanski, you seem to have a lot of experience in this field. Tell me, what do you believe has your most valuable learning experience so far?" I relaxed slightly; this, I had prepared for. "Well, something I used to struggle with was taking on a leadership position and directing a team of people. However, back when I was going for my Master's degree, my professor assigned me to--" I heard loud slurping noises, and from the strained look on Adam's face, he could hear them, too. "Pardon me for a moment, sir," I got out as I leaned down to check on my familiar. Cthulhu was busy chomping on the table leg of Adam's desk. I grabbed it by the collar and dragged it away. "Cthulhu, *no*, stop that!" I hissed as I shoved him back underneath my chair. "I'm sorry," I said when I straightened back up, trying to surreptitiously wipe away sweat beading on my forehead. "It, uh, has been getting better at listening to commands. I assure you, sir, if you hire me, I'll have it completely trained by the time I start under you." "Familiars are supposed to obey your every wish," Adam said, a little shakily. I think we were *both* sweating now. I noticed that he had scooted his desk chair away, and was perched on the edge of it, like he was ready to bolt out the window if need be. "Uh, yeah, well ... Cthulhu's rather slippery--- uh, *creative*, about that part." I winced at my choice of words, given the trails of strange fluid that were being left all over the nice rug in the office. Clearing my throat, I sat up straighter. "Speaking of creativity, I believe that *I* would be able to bring a lot of--" There was a screeching sound as things on the desk in front of me shook and fell down. Cthulhu had fixed its mouth around the table leg again, this time stretching its wings out and trying to fly away with it. The table was being scooted away, a few determined inches at a time. "That's enough!" I snapped at it, trying to grab it and drag it away. Clearly, it had different ideas, its tentacles wrapping around the table leg as it turned its head away. "Drop it, Cthulhu! *Now!*" The direct command finally did it, and it sullenly released its grip on the table, which was now a good foot away from where it had previously been. Going back to my chair, I kept my hand firmly on Cthulhu's collar, ignoring its squirming with the fakest smile I could muster up. "So, going back to your question, when my professor--" Adam interrupted me. "Perhaps we should, ah, e-end this interview here." The poor guy was trying so hard not to focus on Cthulhu that his eyes were frozen, unblinking, on me. Beads of sweat were clear on his face, and his kitty familiar looked to be a quivering heap of fur. Rising from my seat, I kept up my smile and held out my free hand to shake. Too late, I realized that I had touched Cthulhu with it, and now my palm was sticky with its weird fluid. Adam glanced down at the hand briefly before motioning to the door behind me without a word. "Um, my phone number is on the resume in the upper-right corner," I called over my shoulder as I started to drag Cthulhu out of the office. A tentacle reached out for the table leg again; I slapped it back. "And my email's there, too!" *** Full disclaimer: I have never read any of Lovecraft's works or about Cthulhu, but I hoped you could enjoy this piece nonetheless! The idea of someone trying to give an interview while a disobedient Cthulhu ran rampant popped into my head when I saw this prompt, and I just couldn't resist taking a break from studying to put it into words. If you liked this, feel free to check out r/lycheewrites ! Thanks for the interesting prompt. :) 