
"You look nervous." Eric turned around, and saw a man in a bright blue baseball cap smiling at him. "Here to cash in my life minimum check." "Wow. Did you get a good haul?" "I don't know," Eric said. He had waited until he was at the bank before opening up the check. When there was only one person ahead of him in line, he opened it. *$7.27.* Before he could react or anything, a voice called him to the window. "How can I help you today?" A smiling, pretty woman named Mandy asked. He didn't know what to say. "I-I..." A frown. "Are you okay, sir?" He took a deep breath, and nodded. "Yeah. I just got my life minimum check today, and...the number was surprising." "In a good or bad way?" He showed her the check. "I was so excited to get it," Eric said, a little sadly. "I was even thinking about where I was going to get lunch. I guess I can get one sandwich from Subway, and then if I kill myself, everything works out." She laughed, a little. "Are you sure it's not a mistake? You can appeal these kinds of -" A scream, in the bank. Eric turned around, and stared down the barrel of a gun. He followed the barrel down a man's arm, down to a face under a bright blue baseball cap. "Give it to me," the man said. "What?" "Whatever the check was worth." "Sir, it wasn't much." The robber jabbed the gun into Eric's forehead. "I don't care. Give it to me." "Sir, look at it. It's only seven dollars," Mandy said, waving the check frantically in the robber's face. The robber looked at it for a second, his eyes unblinking and in shock as well. "I don't know what kind of life they expect you to live," he muttered before turning and running out of the bank. - The next day, Eric received another check in the mail. This time, he didn't wait before opening it. - She was in line at Subway. He tapped her on the shoulder. "Thanks so much for saving me yesterday," he said. "It would have been a waste all over $7.27." "True," he said. "So are you saying it wouldn't have been a waste if it was more money?" "Maybe," she said. "Are you here to get that sandwich?" He thought about telling her about the other check, about the two commas. "Of course. Actually...can I get you one too?" "I thought you only had enough for one." "Fuck that. Since when did we let a piece of paper tell us how much we're worth?" - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 