
It was a massive black hole. Around it, hundreds upon hundreds of ships were circling it. It was a place, where only the craziest ones came and stationed. Especially that close to the black hole "How's it going?" Jack asked as he entered the ship's cockpit. "It's okay, they are all stable. None of our ships will fall into the hole on my watch," Rick responded with a long sigh. "What's wrong, Jack?" Jack frowned. "It has been quiet... Way too long." "Federation will never risk coming that close to the black hole," Rick said, still looking at the stable lines. "Maybe something in me hopes, that they would?" Jack asked. "Why?" "We will be able to play around it, they won't." "10 bucks that they won't," Rick suddenly said. "Deal." &nbsp; An alarm went on. "A large number of ships are about to come out of the wormhole. It's the federation ships," the message was sent over the hundreds of ships. "Well, Jack. Today might be your lucky day," Rick frowned, taking out his wallet and handing 10 bucks over to Jack. "Fastest 10 bucks of my life," Jack grinned. A huge wormhole did appear not a far from the black hole, and more than hundred federation ships came out of it, straight towards the black hole. The ships were massive and while they were outnumbered, they still were counted as battleships. "Oh, big mistake," Jack grinned. "It's pity to lose such great battleships..." &nbsp; "We can see rebels ships. They are orbiting the black hole, general!" a woman said while inspecting the radar. They also could see rebels ships through the cockpit windows. They weren't humans. The federation that is. It consisted mostly of one-handed aliens with no necks either. They also were a bit slimy. Their whole skin that is. "Look at what wreckage they use," the general laughed. "It's barely operational." The ship, however, started to suddenly shake. "What's going on?" "Our computer systems have gone crazy. The black hole is pulling us in!" "What?" General shouted. "Get us circling like those junks!" "It's impossible. Our ships are going too fast!" "I told you it was a bad idea to go into human's playing fields," another alien shouted. "I don't want to give them a time to fix their wreckage..." &nbsp; "See? They are slowly breaking apart," Jack whispered. "They don't have even time to shoot us. The only way to approach the black hole like that is slowly, from a far away, while also having boosters ready to shoot in any direction." "What now?" Rick asked. "Ready up our artillery. They forgot that this hole ain't their only problem to deal with." "That's what she said," Dilly suddenly said from aside, making everyone laugh. ---- /r/ElvenWrites <3 