
Hi! I'm new to Writing Prompts and I'd appreciate any feedback you're willing to give! -------------------- Katrina pulled her clothes tightly across her shoulders and looked down. All she wanted to do was pay for her groceries. But no; They had to ask. Everytime. Every. Single. Time. "You got any clue what it means yet?" Pete, the cashier, asked. Kat quickly took a swig of water. "Hmm?" She hummed, desperately digging for her credit card. Of course, Kat knew what he was asking about. She had told them that she had received a tattoo resembling a water bottle. She hadn't, but it was easier than telling people that she didn't have any. A tattoo of a water bottle was also strange enough that people would believe her when she said that she didn't know what it meant. No one in this town could mind their own business. Everywhere Kat went, she saw burly men proudly displaying their art-filled biceps and speaking stories of heroism. Some of her friends had "4.0," or images depicting their sleepless nights of studying to pass a class. Others had their current League of Legends ranking proudly displayed. Everyone had something. Except Kat. It wasn't that Kat was a bad student, or that she sucked at video games; it was quite the opposite really. The tattoos were meant to represent a great achievement, and, well, those things didn't cut it for Kat. "Your tattoo," Pete leaned closer, eager to hear about Kat's achievement, "what does it mean? Jason said you got a waterbottle." Kat's lips fell into a scowl. Kat yearned to return to the days before Jason got over his fear of public speaking and received a microphone tattoo on his throat. He used to be someone she could talk to; he used to be someone she could trust to tell that she hadn't received a tattoo. Lying to him-- telling him about her "tattoo" -- was probably one of the hardest things she had done. But it was necessary. At least, that's what Kat told herself. Nowadays, he couldn't keep his mouth shut. No one in this godforsaken town could. "No clue," Kat mumbled, "still figuring it out." She handed Pete her credit card. In the process, she knocked over her water bottle, and liquid spilled all over the counter. Kat cursed and scanned the room for paper towel. She ran over to the dispenser and got a few sheets. "No, no," Pete began, "it's quite alright. We'll get it." "I got it," Kat insisted, "and, hey, who knows, this could be what my tattoo is for: cleaning up after my mistakes." She laughed bitterly. There was more water spillage than Kat initially thought. And it wasn't just over the counter; she somehow managed to spray water onto Pete's "employee of the month" tattoo across his forearm. Kat cursed again. "Sorry. Let me help you with that." "Seriously," Pete cleared his throat and backed away. "No, really, it's ok," Kat said as she grabbed his wrist and wiped his arm with the towel. As she did so, the white paper towel became streak with green and yellow. Kat's eyes widened. "What the...?" Edit: a word Edit 2: removed "it was fake" to better flow into part 2. 