
It was getting dark, the pair decided they would make camp for the night near the portal. He left to collect some firewood while she prepared the beds. Upon his return, he stacked some wood in the middle of a small stone circle, and started searching his pockets for a lighter. "Aha! Here it is." He proclaimed. "What is that?" She asked in childlike awe. Somewhat confused, he said "it's a lighter. It's how we light fires. Don't the Faye have lighters?" He struck the lighter, and a pale yellow flame with a blue tinge lept up from it. "Be careful! Fire magic is nothing to take so lightly!" She exclaimed. He stifled his giggle, and asked "well, how do you usually light fires?" She approached the stack of wood, grabbed some kindling, and flames lept up from the kindling in an almost explosive fireball. The flames spread to the wood much faster than normal, and he proclaimed "that's amazing! That was actual real magic! I guess i shouldn't be surprised, you did just emerge from a portal after all." "Wait... You've never seen magic before?" She asked. "But you just did it a second ago, and almost burned down the entire ruins!" "That wasn't magic. That was a lighter. See?" He handed her the lighter. "There's a flammable liquid inside of it, which turns into gas when it's released. Has something to do with pressure, and how the gas stays in liquid form because the molecules are packed tighter together due to the pressure, or something like that. I'm no physicists." He shrugged his shoulders. "What's a molecule?" She asked. It hadn't occurred to him that with magic being real, her realm might never have had the need to be more resourceful, and thus, there was no need for technology. "Nevermind that" he said, waving his hand. "I want to know more about your magic. We don't have magic here, but we have heard stories of it." "Well," she started, seeming somewhat hesitant. "The way the story is told in our realm, humans were sealed off from magic because of their gross mistreatment of it, and their reckless use of it. It didn't help that they made the most powerful magic users either, due to their ability to find new and interesting ways of using it. They reanimated the dead, they learned to harness its destructive power, they used it to charm others for selfish means... But for the most part, those who didn't abandon their own kind and called themselves druids, never used it for good. And that's when the Lord of all magic, I believe you called him god at the time? He put in place a veil between humans and all magical beasts and magical sources so that you may never find or use magic again." He sat there, dumbfounded. "I suppose it was the right thing to do." He said, with a sad tone in his voice. "Humans have a nack for finding new ways to commit great evil deeds. But that isn't to say all humans are evil. We've managed to do all of those things without magic anyway, but we've learned much since then. But with humans, it seems we find a way of repeating mistakes as well. We will see what the future holds. After this portal being discovered, maybe we can set things right." "The road to hell is paved with good intentions" she said softly. "Indeed it is..." He replied. 