
Only in a society built on dishonesty can something as pure as truth wreak havoc. The effect was instant, like a tsunami crashing over shoreside buildings, sweeping away all perceived notions of ourselves and the world. Some effects were obvious, and true chaos. These were instances where the truth was buried, covered, masked by falsity. >"You're the worst boss I've had in my life, and I quit." >"I haven't loved you in years." >"I've been your congressman for half my life, and I think you're all a bunch of cow-licking lily-brained morons." >"Yes, I work with Russia. And I love piss." These are things anyone would guess to happen if honesty were forced upon us. Blatant lies, secrets, dark whispers, the hideousness in shadows glare most obviously under new light. Countries nearly entered war, some skirmishes breaking out, people killed each other at an alarming rate as so many tensions *snapped* without anyone trying to save face. There was another, lesser effect that is still somewhat obvious. Like the dirty truths hidden behind lies, there are also pleasant truths that we tuck away out of fear and anxiety. >"I've loved you my whole life, and think about you every day." >"I know we disagree, but I actually think very highly of you. I just can't admit it because I'd lose face with my voters." >"I bully you because I'm insecure with my own shortcomings." These had a mixed impact, forging new bonds or mending broken ones, though sometimes ruining friendships or other more nuanced agreements in place. Chaos, but of a neutral kind. The third type is by far the most subtle. This was not chaos as we'd expect it, because chaos tends to be associated with malevolence. But sometimes chaos is when your life is twisted all around, and you're flipped upside down and shaken out, and things you've hidden in your pockets or stuffed into your shirt come falling into view. Things you shouldn't be hiding. >"I know I have some skills. I'm not useless, and I can prove it." >"I'm actually rather pretty. I should eat more, because I'm not fat. I'm perfect the way I am." >"Hi, Mom? I need help. I'm struggling a lot, and it's getting scary. I can't deal with it alone." This was the most unexpected chaos, where we were forced to suddenly overcome the lies we tell ourselves. The others were lost in the days that followed, drowned out by questions of what happened to the world and how to work through the implications, but this third truth, the tertiary chaos... it cemented itself in the hearts of those who needed it most. Somewhere hidden in the heavens, God smiled, or his equivalent of it. *Everyone needs a little push, now and again.* ------ *thanks for all the kind words, everyone :) if you enjoyed the story, I have many more and some novels in the works over at /r/resonatingfury!* 