
The show ended, and Micky Timbre had rocked the bass greater than any bassist in the history of music. The crowd went wild and clamored to reach the stage, but to Micky's horror it was the lead singer they were after. The night did not get any better for poor Micky. Backstage, he asked his bandmates how they think the show went. "Oh yeah Mickster, you nailed it. You hit that 0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-0-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1-1 part perfectly." "Perfectly, right? I know! Like, I don't think there was any better anybody could do!" Micky shot back quickly. "Bar none," the singer now interjected, "I mean, if there's a king of playing those two notes over and over for four minutes, you're it." Micky found some small solace in the words, but no fulfillment. He went to the bathroom and unstuffed his crotch and looked into the mirror. "Satan, reveal yourself," he whispered into the reflection. His image changed into a repugnant and crimson visage of Dick Cheney. "What is it, Micky child?" Satan responded in irritation. "You said I would be the best, Satan!" "Oh but you are, my child," Satan replied in a creepy wheeze. "But nobody notices me!" "We loved you down here, child! All the other bass players were rooting for you." Micky was confused. He stuttered for a moment before composing himself. "What? What do you mean?" "Oh, my child, the others thought you did swimmingly!" "What do you mean!?" "Why, this place is full of bass players." Micky slammed the mirror with his hand. "Be gone, Satan!" "As you wish, child," he wheezed and walked away, his footsteps making a 0-1-0-1-0-1-0-1 bass line as he left. Micky ran back hurriedly to the green room where the band was unwinding. There were groupies everywhere. As he entered one of them approached him. "Oh hey, can you get me a beer?" she asked, confusing him with the staff. He bolted angrily away and down the hall where he locked himself in a closet and wept uncontrollably. The band, meanwhile was called for an encore. It must be me, he thought, they must want me back out there! As he attempted to wipe his tears he heard the singer address the crowd. "Hey guys, we can't find Micky, our bassist, but we're just gonna go try this out without him!" The band played a song, and Micky was heartbroken. The song was a hit, and the band realized that they didn't even need a bass player. WHERE ARE THEY NOW: Micky teaches bass lessons inside the Sam-Ash on Wednesdays and Fridays, and he weeps the rest of the week. Satan got a double-bypass and is healthier than ever. Sixty-four other bass players have made the pact since Micky did, all with similar fates. 