
This coin. This coin is intricate, this coin is delicate. This coin bares not a single trace of rust, of imperfection. This coin is the personification of auric, lined with precise grooves that travel in squares and circles, meeting at a singularity right at the middle. This coin, is like no other, that anyone has ever seen, or will ever see. It has the air of an unearthly energy, and the insignia displayed on the surface is entirely foreign. It is not Swiss. It is not American. It is not Canadian, French, British, or Chinese. You will take this coin from me now. Go ahead, reach out and grasp it between your fingers. Close them around it, feel the energy for yourself. That... is the breath of a thousand Martians before me, and a thousand who will land after me. Feel their energy, imbued within that relic. In one hour, I will tell the world of my imminent passing. I will tell the world of that coin, and its location. You, my child, will put it there, with your own two hands. Once the rabble begins to stir, the Martians that exist on this earth will fight for that coin. They know what it entails, they know what the purpose of that coin is. For the next man, woman, or alien that brings the coin back to me, shall be the King of Mars. The king of every Martian on Earth, once that relic is returned to me in exactly one week. Conceivably, no human will win, and I must to this, for the sake of prophecy. When we Martians were exiled, we came down to Earth in secret, and in shame. I established myself with such a company. I worked, I gained respect among my human colleagues, my human friends. Other Martians-- they have taken up positions of tyranny, of greed. They have begun to poison this Earth, and I am dying. I am to weak to stop any of their madness. A human must be the next King. But here, put that coin down. Take this other coin. It is rusty, badly crafted. The edges are worn, it is asymmetrical and primitive. The lines that run through it are not the lines of fine craftsmanship, but the lines of age and squalor. Take this in your hand, be careful. Can you feel the energy? You, my child, are the next Martian King, but you know that for the sake of prophecy, I must keep up with the charade. The other coin, the perfect, impeccably crafted, golden coin, is but fool's gold. Those others will fight for it, but even if they do manage to return it to me, it will be for naught. I want you to keep that rusted coin, the coin stained with the blood of a thousand Martian exiles, safe and sound. In one week, return it to me, and my title, my money, it shall all be yours. In the meanwhile, you may watch the rest squabble over a false prize. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/bluelizardK 