
"Apologies, human. Unfortunately, you were accidentally killed by a galactic federation officer during an altercation on your planet. Currently we are constructing you a replacement body, and in return for your ensured silence on our existence, I wanted to ask if you wanted anything... changed?" the strange little being before me said. I say before me, but I wasn't there now was I? I felt like I was floating in a gelatinous mass, unable to move or even look around. I had tried to speak before, but whatever temporary 'body' I was in didn't seem to have a mouth - so I wasn't real sure on how they expected me to answer. "We can detect your thought patterns human. Now, did you want anything changed?" the little being was looking towards where I thought I was based on what I could see. Did I want anything changed? I mean, I had always been average looking. Not horrible, but no supermodel. But I was happy with that. Maybe I had a little bit of a beer belly starting, but that was my own damned fault. Hell, getting vaporized by that strange gun had been my own fault too. I had heard the argument, and being that guy I had stepped in to break it up. I had been tall, and maybe a little intimidating if I tried. But when the first man's face had altered to that strange spiked and orange being I had freaked a little. When the second man had pulled the 'gun' I had still stepped between them. I was an idiot. I should have ran when I saw the dude change. Back to Mr. Alien's question then, did I want anything changed? The lewd asshole inside of me for a brief second thought about asking for my junk to become more well endowed but after a metaphorical smirk I shook that thought off. I had heard that men with too big of assets could have trouble performing in bed. My current performance ability was nothing to laugh at, if you asked me. Then I wondered, did he mean other than physically? "Hey!" I mentally shouted since he said they could detect my thoughts. The little being looked annoyed, but answered, "Yes, I can hear you just fine. And yes, anything to keep you silent on our existence." I knew right then what I wanted to change. Like I said before, I had been average. Average height, average looks, average job. I was tired of being average. "I don't want to go back." "What?" the thing had an almost annoyed look on its face. "I don't want to go back. No matter what you change about me, I'm still me. You're good ol' average joe. I don't want that anymore. I want to experience a life that no one else will get to lead. I want to join a spacecraft... or something? I don't know yet. I don't know anything about you, or the galactic federation yet, but I want to. All I know is that I don't want to go back. I don't want to be average anymore." The little being was silent for a long time, turning away from me and pacing. It kind of reminded me of the way that I would have serious conversations on my cell phone. I mean, if he could hear me maybe he was communicating with some higher ups. When he finally returned he looked a little put out. He had two strange antenna that before were perked up, but now hung low by his face. "Human, you have been accepted into the galactic federation - Airspace division. Your body will be dispensed shortly, and then you will be taken to your new commanding officer. Now, I have some paperwork to do, what is your name human?" "Jorden Allen Smith." --- For more by me and others check out r/RedditSerials 