
Droll, Lord of Idle Chaos and Reckless Defiance, looked upon his people and smiled. They worshiped him from a corner table in a crowded cafeteria. "So this text says we're supposed to, like, wear purple hooded robes and blindfolds when we meet...or else Lord Droll will smite us or something," Gabe said. Henry's doughy eyes widened. He slowly pulled his hood up. The others laughed. *Well....atleast they're trying,* Droll thought. These were the first people to worship him in centuries. When Gabe found a reference to him in a musty library book, it had felt as if he were awakening from a long, *loooonnnggg*, nap. "What do we get out of this cult," Julia said, "I mean it sounds like a bunch of pretext for nothing...." Gabe licked his finger and turned a page, "Uhh, it says here that Lord Droll will vex our enemies, trample our oppressors, and con Gods and Governments alike into bestowing blessings upon us." Julia nodded, stroking her chin, "That *does* sound pretty good." She slammed her palms down on the lunch table, "I'm in." A tall boy and his hefty companions approached his worshipper's meeting place, "In WHAT Droolia," the boy said to the amusement of his lackeys, "You just noticing you're at the freak table?" Julia, so confident and composed a moment before, turned her head away and flushed. She was practically shaking. Droll was filled with rage, he hated petty tyrants and bullies. Henry looked at Julia and set his jaw, "Leave her alone, Zapp," he said. Zapp laughed, looking to his two friends in turn as he pointed at Henry. "What was that, Fatass?" he said. In a swift motion, he reached over and pulled Henry's hood over his face. "Couldn't hear you." Droll felt ice coursing through his veins. *Mortals never change,* he thought. He looked to Gabe, his prophet, the one who had awoken him. Droll had slept for centuries, his power waning, he would need time to regain his Godly strength. But for now, he had his cunning, as he'd had in the beginning. He whispered in the boy's ear, *Stand up for each other, this the Lord Droll commands. For he stands behind those who do not bend to tyrants.* Gabe's face twisted, he grabbed the chicken salad sandwich his mom had packed him and threw it in Zapp's face. "Back off," he shouted. Zapp froze as the cafeteria came to a hush. He looked around, seeing how all eyes were on him. "Big mistake, Rodriguez," he said. He moved around the table, picking up Julia's carton of milk. Before he could reach Gabe, Julia poured her thermos of Spaghetti-o's on the ground at Zapp's feet. The bully crashed to floor with an "Umph." The cafeteria erupted in laughter. Gabe's eyes darted to Zapp's friends, standing like chickens with their heads cut off. He picked up Henry's apple sauce and leapt onto the table, "FOOD FIGHT!" Droll smiled, *Yesss, good thinking child. Chaos will always blanket my people, madness shields us.* ~ r/CharlestonChews 