
Mr. Peter Jackson got it right when he said that great, heroic power isn't what keeps the darkness at bay. It's the little things that keep the light shining. Villains and cosmic threats are serious, yes, but they're just seeds that fell on fertile ground. Small acts of kindness and love are what decide whether those seeds grow to become the evil masterminds and crime-lords and the warlord-conquerors. That's where I come in. Some heroes were given super strength, given invulnerability, given the power to shoot lasers from their fingers, all those powerful, flashy, abilities. But you can't blow up world hunger, and you can't punch poverty away. I don't do those big fights, I don't have last stands, I don't save the world from planet-ending apocalypses. I do all the other stuff that falls between the cracks. A few weeks ago, an old man fell off a ladder in the little village where I live. It's a small and quiet enough place that the fall made it into the local newspaper. Broke his hip, but if he'd fallen in just a slightly different way he'd have broken his back and been paralyzed. Little lucks that happen all over the place, if you look carefully. Somehow it still amazes me how many domestic disputes happen behind closed doors. A lot of the time things are said, fists get swung, and all concerned push each other down a mutually darker path. Sometimes, though, a little thought will flutter in someone's head that'll stop the fight from happening. The fire doesn't heat up, doesn't and explode, and then sometimes they'll sit down and talk or part ways. Every now and again food will last a little longer than it was supposed to, and it'll last just long enough so that someone who really needs it can get to it. Sometimes soup kitchens and hungry families really need that last day before the potatoes go too far green. One of the things that makes flowers special, in my opinion, is that they're temporary. They're reminders to enjoy the moment, because it isn't going to stay. New things might come along, but now, now will never be back. Sometimes, though, flowers will stay in bloom a few days past when they're meant to expire, and keep a little splash of color in the world for someone who needed it. It's kind of staggering how many opportunities people miss, and, sometimes, how many great things could be born if only people would work together. I can see all of these could-bes and might-have-beens, and most of the time I have to watch people's stories go past them, unaware. But sometimes a little voice speaks in the back of someone's head, telling them to take that trip now while they can, to reach out to that friend who's going silent, to ask that special someone that question, to go back a few steps and pick up that litter. Sometimes the cure to that disease can't happen until the biologist and the computer scientist happen to meet, and they get to talking and each of the other's fresh viewpoints suddenly opens up a new avenue, and then _bam_, here comes a new cure. Sometimes people need a little reminder. Sometimes they almost forget to send that birthday card, or to call their parents, or to check in with their friends. Sometimes the webs of kindness we build between each other fall apart because we forget to keep them maintained, but other times people can suddenly remember just before the window closes. It's rare, but every now and again someone with a serious disease and grim prospects will, unexpectedly, fully recover. Chances are that they'll be more thankful for the life they've got after that, and live more fully. They'll become a brighter spark, making all the sparks around them brighter with their new energy. Even the heroes need help, sometimes. A stray gust of wind will push a bullet of course so that a lethal shot will simply put them out of commission for awhile. A villain-in-hiding will make some small slip-up and inadvertently lead the heroes to them. Sometimes a hero will miss that punch that would've done more damage than they expected. Little scales get tipped, tiny nudges shift some weight, butterfly wings flap, and hurricanes clear. I may not stop bank robbers, I may not beat down uprisings of zombified minions, but I still help people. I make it to lots of little crises. Sometimes thousands, sometimes millions of crises at once. Behind the scenes, in the shadows, out of notice. Five generations it's been since heroes first started showing up, and I've been around for all of it. My hands have been gnarled and my hair's been white for longer than I can remember, but I'm still here. In a thousand ways I've helped people, prevented evil from growing, rehabilitated criminals. And no one knows. Not the shrewdest villains, not the smartest heroes, not the deepest-seeing oracles. I never asked to be recognized, to have fan-clubs, to be called a hero, or to have someone say "thank you." But this morning, when someone delivered that small, humble basket of flowers addressed to R. L. Serendipity, and a little handwritten note saying "thank you", I realized it was nice. I sat down, cried happy tears for awhile, and then got back to work. 