
The door to my room opened like a ghost gliding over the floors of an empty house- silently and slowly. My doctor, Dr. Dennis Brown, stepped inside and greeted me with an award-winning smile before shutting the door behind him. The magnetic lock buzzed and then slid into place, trapping us both inside the blindingly white cell that had become my home for the past year and a half. "And how are we feeling today, Marinda?" He asked, absentmindedly tugging on his surgical mask. I brought my arm up, exposing the dull metal shackle that bound me to the bed, and showed him the raw skin underneath. "I'm doing just awesome, doctor." I spat. "Can't really complain." He nodded and wrote something down on his notepad. "Sorry about that, sweetheart, I'll send someone in later with some aloe gel. But really, Marinda, how are you?" "You mean how are the voices in my head?" I snorted, dropping my arm back down to my side. Even through the mask, I could tell that Dr. Brown's lips were pursed. "They're quiet, Doc. I haven't heard them in days." "Really?" He reared back, apparently taken aback by my statement. "So you haven't heard them at all? Haven't even spoken to them?" I shook my head, stretching out on the bed so my legs were straight in front of me. "Nope. I have no reason to, right?" Dr. Brown set the notepad down in his lap, his green eyes burning a hole through my forehead. "That's interesting, because one of our nurses told us that she saw you speaking to yourself not one day ago, and coincidentally, that was also the time that your stepfather was found twenty feet from his wrecked vehicle, his neck snapped and body broken." I fought hard to keep my expression neutral, but it was difficult to keep the joy from faintly curving the corners of my mouth. Apparently, it didn't go unnoticed by Dr. Brown, because his expression turned murderous. "Why do you continue to do this?" He demanded, shaking his head in honest disbelief. "Do what?" "Experiment with this... this virus!" He snapped. "We have no idea how or why it began, or how it spreads, and there is no cure, and yet here you are playing with it like it's some kind of a game!" I couldn't bite back the anger that rose in my throat, clenching my hands into fists. "You called me sick. You keep me locked up in here without any information as to what's happening out there. *I'm* just trying to make the best of my situation." "Make the best of it?" He laughed. His notepad hit the floor as he sprung out of his seat, stomping to the side of my bed. I watched his movements carefully... I just needed for him to step a little closer. "You killed a man! You told him to drive his car into that tree *with your mind!* You're dangerous right now, Marinda. We can't let you just roam free, not with the amount of power you've shown you possess." I raised my shackled arm once more. *"I'm* dangerous? I killed an abusive ass that only cared about himself. I did the world a favor! You, on the other hand, took it upon yourself to lock up an innocent girl the moment you realized her sickness was more than just a bad cough. You don't think I know what you're trying to do?" Dr. Brown's body tensed with rage, the veins bulging from his neck like tightly wound coils. I only needed to make him snap. "Oh yeah?" He whispered. "And what am I trying to do here, exactly?" "You want to control me. I know more about the virus than you do, Doc, and that scares you. That's why I'm down here alone and chained to the bed. But you're smart, right? I mean, you went to medical school? So there's one thing you should know about all viruses, not just mine." I readied myself as he leaned closer, a scowl carved into every wrinkle and crevice of his features. "And what's that?" I grinned. "Viruses spread quickly." And then I spit. Dr. Brown nearly fell backward in surprise, screaming as he swiped his hand down his face, but it was already too late. I felt him wash over me as the virus entered his body. His thoughts, his memories, his emotions, his everything became my everything as his existence was fused with mine. He collapsed to the ground, and this was the exciting part because I had never seen it before, but I knew that he would eventually get back up. The hundreds of voices in my head were evidence of that. I watched his limp form carefully from my place on the bed, and then I turned my eyes up to the camera in the corner of my room. I grinned into it, knowing full well that the guards were already on their way. "You can come collect him if you'd like, but he said it himself. There is no cure." I spoke directly to the camera, hoping that whoever was watching was paying close attention. "And he's mine now." ________________________________________ EDIT: Added a word 