
At this point, I no longer had bags under my eyes. I had luggage. Acne dotted my nose like the chambers of an insect's hive. Grease had built up to the point where my hair spiked on its own, and yet I couldn't shake the compulsion to run my fingers through and smell it. My stomach churned each time. Forget having a bad day. I was having a bad month. Rejection after rejection. From the girl I was crushing on. For time off at work. For student loans. Individually, they would not have been so bad. But bit by bit, these misfortunes nudged my mood down this endless staircase of malaise, until it took all my willpower to drag myself out of bed to pee. And here I was. "You look like shit," I grumbled, and flipped off my reflection. It returned the favor. A black tendril snaked around my shoulder, half an inch above my T-shirt. The end swelled, then split in two, giving rise to a single eyeball and toothless maw. Great. Let's add insanity to the mix. I swatted at the tendril, but it shrank away. Then, as soon as it had retreated, it reappeared, peering over my shoulder and scanning my dejected self with its one eyeball. "Hey." The mouth burbled. "What's up?" I snorted and whirled around. The thing kept pace with me without touching me. Probably just as well. It looked as if it'd be a slimy experience. "Not to be a bother, but how long ya gonna mope here?" A tendril appeared over my other shoulder, with buds that sprang into pseudopod-like feelers. "A while. Probably forever. What's it to you?" It'd been ten minutes at most, but my strength was already near its limit. I turned my gaze towards my bed, which hadn't been made in a month. "Well, I'm lonely and I miss my friends." Its eyestalk sank downwards. "Then go see them." I dragged my feet back into the bedroom. Was it possible to be so boring your hallucinations just got up and left? "But I can't leave you. Can you at least go to the window so I can look outside?" I stopped. The window was about equidistant from my bed. "Fuck it, why not?" My nose wrinkled at the sorry state of my bedroom window. A thick layer of dust speckled the windowsill, lined with crumbs, dead flies, and the largest moth corpse I'd ever seen. With a grunt, I flung it open, flooding the room with... darkness and cold air. Two things immediately became apparent: it was night time, and the moth wasn't dead. I spat and spun as the monstrous thing flitted about the lamp beside me, wingbeats resonating in my eardrums. A third tendril shot out from behind my head and wrapped itself around the moth with a sickening crunch. I fought back a wave of nausea. "Gross. I need a shower after that." The thought of the guts spurting out, paired with the sudden chill, made me shudder to where I almost tripped over the mess on the floor. Thankfully, my room was small enough that I caught myself on the bathroom doorframe. "Gee, thanks for the help, guy." I muttered as I pulled myself back up. "What? I can't touch you, what did you want me to do?" It asked. "Maybe look away while I'm taking this shower." No response. I climbed into the shower and turned it on high. It felt nice, to wash the grime and traumatizing thoughts from my mind. When I finished, a fourth tendril had sprouted. This time, from under my armpit. With a flick, it nudged a wad of crumpled toilet paper into the trash bin. "So, about that window?" All four tendrils pointed towards the wall. My stomach growled. Huh. Couldn't remember the last time I felt hungry. "I'm going to get some food first." I moved to pat the original tendril, but it shrank away again. "Don't worry, though. I think you'll get to see your friends again soon." [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/Tensingstories/) 