
I don't know how he died, but it never really seemed to matter to me until recently. I just turned eighteen today, and like every year before, I received another envelope from my mother. Inside was a letter, supposedly written by my father. The thing is, he can't have written this one. No one could write this unless they were alive today. But the paper, the ink, the handwriting, everything is the exact same as the previous letters. I even remember seeing it in the stack of numbered envelopes from previous years. I'd been looking forward to reading this one since I was 13, when I first noticed they were a little odd. That was the one where he said "I figure your arm is probably broken, you being my son and all, and I hope it gets well soon." And the very next week I fell while climbing a tree, I fell and broke both bones in my forearm. At first glance that seems like an eery coincidence. But I was curious, and I still had the letters he had sent before then. When I went back to look, I noticed he had made vague but surprisingly true predictions about a lot of aspects of my life. He knew I would lose all my baby teeth by age 7, he knew our little league baseball team would go to State, and he knew our dog would die by eating a bag of chocolate cake mix. I knew I had to see the rest of the letters, so I would know what happens in my life, but my mom kept them all in a safety deposit box. She took me to the bank one day and showed me the stack. There were only five left. Five years until I maybe got an idea of how he's been predicting pieces of my life. Mom told me that dad had made her promise not to give them to me until my birthdays. That was five years ago, and I was prepared for whatever I read in this envelope marked "18". I've made peace with him, in a sense. I know I can't change the past, and I know that whatever happens in my life happens, wether my dad predicted it or not. It didn't mean he pushed my life in any particular direction. Or so I thought. "James, I hope adulthood treats you well. In fact, at this point I feel like you'll be comfortable enough to read that I know it will treat you well. I'm sure if you're anything like I was, the past few years have been tough. You've had your heart broken, you may have broken some hearts without realizing it. You've argued with your mother in ways you regret and have since reconciled with her. I'm sure you've planned your rooming situation for Tech, I expect you might be living in the same dorm I was in when I went there (ask your mom). I hope you're living with your best friend, although you may not like him as much after living with him for a year. That's not any sort of prediction, that's just advice my father told me. I need to address the elephant on these pages. You know at this point that I've known things about your life that I logically should not know about seeing as I'm going to be dead by the time you read them. I'm sure you're waiting for some type of reveal about my not being dead. That your mother wanted to keep you from me for some terrible reason and that she only said I was dead. But you saw the letters. The stack that was leftover after your thirteenth birthday. They were written at the same time, using the same pen and papers. And I am dead. In the year 2018, when you're reading this, no version of me walks the earth, my ghost is not still with you, and my brain isn't being kept somewhere. I hate to do this to you, son, I truly do. I hate that I can't tell you. I hate that I can't let you know what I know and how I know it. I know this is upsetting and a let down, but some things aren't meant to be revealed quite so easily. Instead I'll point you in the right direction. You aren't alone. You're going to meet someone, several people, in fact, who know what's happened to me. You decided to major in physics at school, and that's the path you'll want to be on to meet these people. They'll be professors, fellow students, even a generous custodian, and they will help you discover the truth. I love you. And one day I hope you see me again. -Dad" 