
It was time for me to go. I had been the 5th evil sorcerer to inhabit this lair. I was also 1 through 4. Keeping the 5 bordering kingdoms on their toes was an enjoyable, but easy task. Too easy. I toyed with conquering them, but then what do I do, Govern directly? No thanks. I'm a kill the livestock, scare the children, and take captives kind of guy. I play them off against each other and enjoy the show. I'd rather rule them without them being aware. When the challenge goes out of the work, that's when I pull a Princess job. Pretty straight forward; find a princess whose hand is being sought by one or 2 princes, kidnap her, and pretend that you plan on marrying her. The Prince's blood rushes from head to groin, he leads a force to come save her and kills me. Well, not me, a simple illusion spell allows me to fake death easily. The Prince carries away princess and they live happily ever after making babies just as pretty and dumb as themselves. From my ashes (sometimes they burn my fake dead body) I arise again like a phoenix! Different color scheme, new name, and new evil laugh (I have dozens). I gather a new group of minions except Fred, I like him so much I made him eternally 30 years old. He's been with me 50 years. Fred and I put together a band and we "discover" this abandoned lair. From here we start our new rein of terror. The southern Bullworth kingdom caught my attention, Fred reported that the Princess Airillian was betrothed to Prince Festus of the neighboring Kingdom Grimaldi. The 2 Kingdoms had been on war footing for years thanks to perceived transgressions made by both sides along their shared border. The transgressions were true, the offending parties were my men in the colors of both kingdoms. Good times. Fred was at my side the night we grabbed Airillian. I silenced her voice with a simple spell and Fred scooped her up. She struggled against him, but his strong arms held her tight. A note was left announcing my plans to marry her and claim the Bullworthian throne with our offspring. Within days word reached me that Prince Festus was building an army from both Kingdoms. Fred took care of the Princess while I watched the festivities disguised amongst the rabble. The volunteers were big buff men with countless battle scars. Their leader Festus was a moving speaker, but his face was less attractive than his name. They announced their route and estimated a week's travel time. For the next 3 weeks I made those men go through Hell, literally at one point. Between setting traps, my men ambushing them, and occasional magical creature attacks, I would pop in and out of my lair. The Princess was as angry as she was beautiful. I would mock the daring travels and sacrifices of her betrothed to her. Talk up the benefits of being an evil Mistress over the pathetic men who saw her as a prize and not a person. Her spite was delicious and I could tell her emotional walls were crumbling. The reunion of the royalty would be memorable. The Prince was finally at my door. I'll give Festus credit. He's a great fighter. Everyone else who has stormed this lair attempted stealth and used tactics. Festus charged ahead causing more bloodshed than needed. It was wonderful. My men fled and died while Festus's men mostly just died. Finally at the top of my highest tower, in a violent thunderstorm I raised for the occasion, Festus broke through my door. "You will pay for what you did" the bulbous nosed Prince declared. "Wait" came a whisper. It was Airillian, she stepped out of the back chamber where Fred was holding her. There was blood on her dress. She continued, "I will kill my oppressor" she reached out for Festus's silvery blade. He knelt down and handed her his fine blade. A sneer shown on his face. The sneer rode that face to the ground as the Princess separated the Prince's head from his shoulders. "I am no prize" the bloodied princess declared. "When I return home, it will be as a conqueror!" She threw the sword on the ground and walked towards me. This was new, I've never had one go native on me. Prospects popped into my head, could I co-rule? She was breathtakingly beautiful and very intelligent. I'm not sure I can do the whole dynasty thing. My thoughts were cut short by a blade suddenly protruding through my chest. I turned to face Fred. He had a look of shame mixed with ambition on his face. I stumbled backwards towards the window. Lightning struck the blade that still protruded through me. In a blaze of fire and plasma I fell from the tower, exploding on impact. My signet ring was the only thing recovered. The princess placed it on Fred's finger and declared him her husband. It's been dark days for the 5 Kingdoms. 4 have already fallen and the fifth one is holding out barely. That is where I come back in. I have put together a rag tag group dedicated to freeing our realms. The overlord and her husband will fall! Justice shall rule the world again! At least until I decide to start anew... 