
Getting hit by a bus is a lot like getting hit by a car. You kind of just die. I don't know where I'm going with this, sorry - my head's lying in three different pieces, so cut me a little slack. Here's what happened. I got hit by a bus. There was a white light, I went into it, and the world faded away. When I woke up, I was sitting on the side of a giant volcano. Several factories churned in an endless plain beneath me. "Where am I?" I asked. "You've been touched by His Noodly Appendage," said a voice. A man dressed like an Olive Garden waiter nodded to me. "You're the first we've received in a long time." "Yes, but where am I?" "You're dead, Steven," he said. "Welcome to the afterlife. "Me?" I said. "There's an afterlife? There's - this goes against everything I believed. How did I die? Where am I? What is this - is that beer?" "Yes, yes, you were hit by a bus, the afterlife, like I already said, and yes. It's beer." It took me a while to realize what was said. "Wait, His Noodly Appendage? The church of Pastafarianism? That's what this is?" "They got a few details wrong, but for the most part, yes, this is their afterlife," said the Olive Garden waiter. "Unbelievable. So you're telling me there really is an afterlife, and the only people who were right about it were the ones who didn't really believe in it?" "Well, actually, there are lots of afterlives," the waiter said. "Every religion is correct." "That doesn't make any sense. What about the religions that say their afterlife is the only-" "Don't think about it too hard. Otherwise, we might all disappear." "Really?" I did my best to think of something, anything else. Purple elephants. "No, of course not. But you'll waste time and effort. Really, there's no getting your head around it." "...So I'm dead, huh," I stated. I collapsed into the earth beneath me and dipped my hand in a nearby beer stream. "Yup." "And I'm in the afterlife of the Flying Spaghetti Monster." "Yup." "How'd I get here? I don't believe in anything. I'm certainly not a true believer." "We're actually quite an old afterlife. You didn't really think Bobby Henderson came up with it all by himself, did you?" "That doesn't answer my question." "When an atheist dies, they get sorted into a random afterlife." "How come I'm not somewhere else, then? Like Christianity? Just luck?" "Just luck." "Why's this place so empty?" "Well, the problem is, there are so many afterlives, and we're a smaller afterlife - we only get one entry in the lottery. Some, like Christianity, get thousands. So the chance of being sorted here is pretty small. Plus, we don't have any true believers, so we never get any people that way." "Huh." I took a moment to process it all. "I'm really dead." After a moment, I asked - "What is there to do here? I can't say I've read your scripture." "Well," the waiter said proudly, "We have a beer volcano." "And...?" "And stripper factories." "Are those factories where strippers work, or factories that make strippers?" "Little column A, little column B." "Cool." And that's how I spent eternity. ---- *These stories are getting weird. For more weirdness, (and some serious stuff) check out /r/OneMillionWords* 