
######[](#dropcap) Karey looked out upon the great expanse of Old Earth's ruin, standing tall on the precipice of a five story mound of refuse, watching the sun leave its bright red stain on the toxic, tainted atmosphere. Her rebreather itched around the edges of the mask. She loosened it slightly and tasted a hint of diesel. "Zag, I can't get the seal right on this thing." Karey fiddled with the straps of the rebreather unsuccessfully. "Zag!" Down the slope of the hill of metal and concrete waste, just one of tens of thousands of such piles, Zag was bobbing to the music playing in his head as he picked through the detritus, looking for what he liked to call "the dark meat," the cool stuff, the forgotten leftovers of Old Earth. Karey rolled her eyes, bent down to pick up a small piece of colorful plastic shaped like a cartoon face and flung it at Zag. It hit him in the side of his head and he looked up at her with exaggerated pain. "Ow. You threw a..." He bent down and scanned the object with the universal scanner embedded in his palm "...a PEZ at me...PEZ dispenser?" With a shrug he looked back up at Karey. "Why did you throw a dispenser of PEZ at me?" Karey waved him up to her, one hand holding the mask tightly to her face. "I can't get the fit right on this thing. I need your help." Zag stood up straight, his hands on his hips, and assumed a heroic posture. "Zag to the rescue m'lady!" With practiced grace Zag walked his way back up through the flotsam of a four hundred year dead civilization. As he approached Karey he kicked at hunks of plastic, some objects he knew others he didn't. When he made it up to Karey he examined her rebreather over-seriously. "Oh no." He said, his tone severe. Karey bought into it. "What? Is it busted?" "You're doomed" Zag said jovially. He reached up, loosened the right back strap and tightened the left, balancing out the pressure on Karey's face. Karey let go of the mask and the diesel scent did not return. Zag stepped away dramatically and took a bow. "Success! Zag has done it again!" He bowed one more time, but this time when his face was perpendicular to the mound of garbage he held it there. Karey turned around and watched him bent over ridiculously at the waist. "Zag?" Zag raised a single finger up at her as he reached down carefully with his left hand. Gingerly, he moved a couple of rocks out of the way, and came up with a metal box covered in fine dust. Slowly, he straightened himself out and brought the box up to eye level. Karey shook her head. "Come on Zag, not again." But she knew there was no convincing him otherwise. A slow smile spread across Zag's lips as he eyed the ancient hard drive, an archaic, almost certainly unreadable object as old as it was inelegant. The CPU embedded in both Zag and Karey's cerebral cortex was orders of magnitude more powerful and only the size of a small button. But Zag had a hard on for anything and everything Old Earth. They weren't here to pick up antiquated relics of a bygone culture. Ostensibly they were here to clean up that culture's mess. In reality they were here because cleaning up old Earth was the most common form of community service criminal court's demanded, and Karey and Zag had a tendency to get into legal trouble. "Zag, can we please *not* today. You already have enough music, let's just make quota and head back." But Zag wasn't listening. He already had his palm open and flat on the drive. From Zag's perspective words would be filling his vision as his implants read what remained of the drive's contents and offered to download them. Zag watched the data stream by, his eyes looking vacant to any outside observer, until he saw something special and stopped the flow. "Holy shit. Karey, you're not gonna believe this." Karey was certain she would both believe it and not care. "What?" Zag's eyes rolled briefly into the back of his head and then returned, a look of excitement on his face. He activated the projection aperture in his left eye and a three dimensional image projected into the air in front of him, a matrix of light manifested as a hologram. "Look at this." Karey walked over and looked at the hologram. It was just a black screen and some words - 'New Game', 'Continue' - Karey was nonplussed. "What is this?" Zag licked his lips. "There's music too, wait hold on." Zag projected the sound directly via wireless connectivity to Karey auditory implant and the sound of men breathing rythmic, gutteral noises came into her ears. Karey was even more confused. "I don't understand. Is this a simulation or something? What is 'Skyrim?' What does that mean?" Zag's eyes widened expectantly and, using his mind he willed the cursor onto the words 'new game'. "I don't know. Let's find out!" ****** #### For More Legends From The Multiverse ## r/LFTM 