
An alien had cornered up a Human, pointed the gun and pulled the trigger. "Why won't you die?" Shouted the shocked alien. "Dude, it's a watergun." The alien looked sheepishly down at his latest military issue AX-32 pistol. Sure, it was lower pressure rating than the larger weapons used, but when he'd used similar pistols during the wars on his home planet, there had been no issues... could these creatures be those the ancients prophesised? Could they be... water proof? He looked at the human who was looking a lot less terrified than it had 30 seconds ago. The alien gave another experimental pull of the trigger. The human closed its eyes against the supposedly deadly stream until it stopped. It's body started shaking as it asked, "Look, I won't run away, but can we go inside? It's freezing out here." The alien sighed and stepped back to let the human move to the door. As he followed the human inside he felt like he had lost the initiative somewhat. It hadn't gone like it had in the training simulations. The human had wiped the water off his face with some fabric and took a cup out of a cupboard. He walked over to a strange silver pipe sticking out of the work surface over a hollowed out section. The alien jumped back as he saw what must be litres of water pouring out of the pipe! And the human casually caught some and put it in his mouth *on purpose!*. The alien was deeply worried. Clearly the research scouts had not carried out their work effectively. They said they found information stating that DHMO, which they assured was another term for water, was considered a hugely dangerous chemical. Perhaps it wasn't the scout's fault, the alien mused. Their military leaders did have a habit of jumping the gun... The alien ensured his translator was still switched on and said to the human "Just to confirm, you're not negatively affected by my weapon in anyway?" The human shook his head. "Well?! Answer me!" said the alien, raising its voice and inflating its body threateningly. The human took a step back and replied "No! Shaking my head means no!" The alien deflated slightly, unsettled by the fact they could clearly communicate without using sound. "Is there any situation where this material could harm you?" The alien asked. The human nodded and replied "Moving my head like that means yes. Water can harm us, but you'd either have to hold us submerged for a few minutes or fire it a very high pressure." The alien made some notes on a device and sent them to his superior. Maybe his leaders would make use of it. The alien was about to question the human further when there was a loud bang, and 6 more humans rushed in holding black metal devices which seemed to shoot smaller bits of metal at quite a speed. The first human dived to the ground, dropping his cup in the process. The alien was nonplussed. Clearly the bits of metal were meant to do something other than make a lot of noise, but the little pellets were bouncing off him with no effect. "CHRIST!" One of the soldiers shouted, "They're bullet proof!" He dropped his metal stick and pulled out a smaller shiny one and ran screaming at the alien. The alien was shocked- not only were they waterproof, they seemed to have no regard for personal safety. The alien turned to run and slipped... falling into the puddle of water from the cup. It's exoskeleton reacted with the water instantly, giving out plumes of green smoke. As soon as there was a hole in the exoskeleton, the aliens internal pressured forced its internal organs out in a high pressure fountain. The humans were stunned. Some retched at the smell. A sergeant pulled out a cigar, lit it and said "How the fuck is something bullet proof but not water proof?!" EDIT: Fixed a continuity error. EDIT 2: thanks for all the nice comments guys. I only started writing for this sub a few days ago so it's nice to have lots of encouragement already! 