
######[](#dropcap) You'd think it's a good thing, luck. Especially when no one in your family has had much of it. Your mother tells you stories of an ancestor who tried to trick a demon and failed. Your father tells you tales of uncles who never lived past the age of three. And then there's you. You who didn't contract chicken pox at the age of two, and you who didn't die in a car accident at the age of five, and you who didn't light yourself on fire--somehow or another--at the age of ten. It's a rough lineage you're born into. And so they tell you it's a good thing. Your friends and your family and everyone you've ever known. Then you're sent off to boarding school at the age of seven to learn how to manage the family's financial assets, and it's the first time you realize that the eyes that have been fixed on you since birth aren't there because they love you, necessarily, but because they need you. And that's a wholly different thing. When your drunk uncle asks you to place his bets for him for his lottery tickets, you can still smell the rancidness on his breath as he yells at you when he loses. You want to tell him, I'm not that lucky. I'm just...luckier. But you know he won't listen, and he'll forget that he lost next time and ask you to bet again. Your mother tells you, you have the responsibility and obligation to help out the family. But you can't remember the last time she made you chicken soup, like Anna's mom made her when she got sick, and you can't remember the last time your father ruffled your hair, calling you kiddo. So you dream about it instead, the bitter taste of nothing in your mouth when you wake up. Yes, everyone tells you it's a good thing. They look at you and think, look at everything she's got. Look at how much better off she is. They don't see the childhood you were deprived, the love you never received. That's okay. Apparently you're lucky enough to avoid the pain, too, when you cough up blood at the age of twenty-two and die in your sleep, calmly. They say the ache of loneliness is the worst form of suffering on earth, and you, you are luckier than the rest. ***** r/AlannaWu Edit: Thank you, kind stranger, for my first ever gold! 