
I've often pondered that my blindness makes me more open to oddities and flaws than most, given that I can't judge appearances. I personally think it's ironic that the most impactful rose-tinted glasses a person can wear aren't rose at all, but those of pure blackness. Perhaps that's the reason I've always had a fondness for helping those in need. Many might see a homeless man on the street and judge him, his dirtiness and disarray, the unkempt and often wild look a human has after years spent living on the scraps of others. They look him in the eyes and feel shame, or contempt, rather than empathy. Once, a man was sitting on the street in heavy rain, calling out as I passed. He was clearly holding a sign of some sort, because he didn't ask anything of me at first, waiting expectantly. "Sorry, friend. If you're holding something, I can't see it." I waggled my cane at him a bit. A brittle, raspy voice responded to me. "Oh, of course. So sorry." "No need for apologies." I pulled my wallet out, fidgeting for a bill. My hand found one folded three times. "I'd offer you more, but this is all I can spare." The bill left my hands. "Thank you, sir. This is more than anyone else gives me." "Don't mention it." I started off. "Have you always been blind?" He called to me. I turned, approaching him again, standing beneath something that kept the rain off us. "Since birth." "I see. It must be hard for you." "It's got ups and downs." "No service dog?" I shook my head. "Haven't gotten around to it. Not sure I need one, really. It'd be a hassle to take care of one properly, anyway, if I'm being honest." Something crinkled, fizzled even, and a sudden growl emanated from where the man had been sitting. A smell lingered in the air, swirling with the mineral scent of wet cement-- perhaps sulfur or phosphorus? "I have a present for you, then. Something for your kindness. I think it'll be a good fit for you." A wet tongue lapped at my fingers. Very, very quickly-- how can a dog lick so fast? The hound had a tongue made of lightning itself. I scratched its head, and somehow, it still licked me again. "Is this a dog, or a frog?" I asked. "Besides, where'd it come from? I swear, I didn't hear anything around before." "Oh, dont worry about that. You also don't need to feed him. He finds his own food, so it should be rather easy for you to take care of him." "Feeds himself? What on Earth?" "Yeah... not exactly." "I'm sorry, but I don't really understand what's happening." "Don't worry-- he's three times more loving than any other dog you'll ever meet." A leash found itself in my hands, rough, worn leather. I stepped back. "Hello?" I called out again, but only the aggressive downfall of rain responded. The pup lapped at my hand again, unbelievably quick, as if he were a blender with tongues for blades. "Well, alright, I guess. Jeez, you can't hold your *licker* very well, can you? A regular ol' Dean Martin. That's not a bad name, actually..." With a shrug, I set off into the rain and back to my apartment. It's a good thing I had Dean to protect me, too, because something was wrong in the neighborhood. I could hear him wary, growling, the leash taut with tension. It must have been something terrible, because on our entire trip home, people along the way were screaming. */r/resonatingfury* 