
The messenger arrived from the hated enemy, the Empire of the Southern Lands around midday, asking to see the King. At least, the palace staff were fairly certain. He spoke not a word of Common, and the kingdom's only translator had recently died of illness, with the job falling to his half-trained apprentice. "Is it a declaration of war," asked the king impatiently. "A bit late for that, what with the battles we have already had. Or another complaint about so-called 'war crimes' or some such nonsense then?" The newly appointed Royal Translator wilted a bit under the king's gaze, and his hands shook the paper lightly as he attempted to translate the message below the Imperial Seal, sending the occasional rattle of paper through room. "N-not a declaration, I believe, my Lord. Rather it seems to be a proposal to end the fighting."  *Rattle* "Surely they are not so foolish as to call for our surrender while our holds and walls stand strong?" "No, sir." "Then they have seen sense and wish to surrender to us?" "I'm afraid not, sire. I...that is, it looks like they are calling for a wager on one final battle to see if one side can take the other, the winner of which is declared winner of the war as well to their great joy and the loser's sadness. One side falls to poverty while the other gains their wealth. One side is torn by famine while the other shall flourish." ""WHAT!? Are they mad? A curious solution though. What do they propose?" *rattle, rattle, rattle* "Um...you may not like this, my Lord. They call for a battle between the Emperor's son and your eldest daughter, Mary, as the two are of an age." The king did not bellow again as he expected. Though it should come as no surprise that he would have great faith in his warrior princess who had proven her surpassing skill many times on the field. "Th-th-there would be a competition between the two parties in two months time. With your two families there to witness, they enter a ring and cannot leave until one is dead." The king thought long before he spoke again, but when he did the gleam in his eye was unmistakable. He could already taste victory. "Aide, send for my daughter. Tell her to prepare for a grand duel. We have a war to win." 