
I thought for a moment that Bozo had spoken to me, but of course that wasn't possible. The stress of the alert had shaken me to the point where I was imagining things. Twenty-eight minutes to impact, the announcer had said. Could that even be possible? How could they be so sure? I tried yet again to make a call but the phone network was down. No calls, no data. 'Hey ASSHOLE,' said a loud, irritated voice. Not a voice I knew. I looked around the room. Saw nothing. No-one. Caught Bozo's eye again somehow. 'YES IT'S ME,' he bark-shouted. He had a strange voice, not quite human. But not bad, all things considered, for a dog. 'Twenty-seven minutes left,' he said. 'Let's get moving.' 'But... where?' I said. 'The TV said to stay - ' 'No time,' he said. 'Just come. Or I'm going to bite you right in the fucking nuts, OK?' I nodded. 'No baggage. Only speed matters. Let's go!' Next thing I knew I was following him out the back door and through the side gate. I had expected the streets to be packed with cars, but it seemed everyone else was taking the warning to stay indoors seriously. Looking at the outwardly still and calm houses, I wondered if people out there had fallout shelters, duck and cover, that sort of thing. It seemed very unlikely. 'Come ON,' bark-ordered Bozo. I remembered that anything was possible. I ran after him, but the pace was too fast. 'Can't,' I wheezed. 'Too much... Hills...' Then he was behind me, snapping at my heels. I yelped. He laughed. I upped my speed. My chest felt like it was about to rip open and whatever was in there would just flop out onto the ground. I could hear a strange mingling of laughing and barking behind me. 'I've been waiting for this day,' Bozo said gleefully. 'I told you you should have walked me more. Move it! Run!' At a point deep into the woods what felt like an eternity later, Bozo shouted to stop. I collapsed on the ground. I was honestly not sure if I would rather die at that moment, or in a few minutes when the impact happened. I didn't see what the damn dog was up to, and then I heard a grinding sound. A heavy concrete door in the forest floor had opened up. 'Inside, quick,' Bozo said. 'Only two minutes left.' I hauled myself up and went half-way down a set of stairs that led into darkness. I looked back to find Bozo still standing at the top looking down at me. 'Aren't you coming?' I asked. 'No,' he said. 'I don't need it. You're on your own from here.' 'But... How? How are you talking? Why did you never talk before?' 'Isn't it obvious?' 'This is a dream?' He bark-laughed what I felt was a bit nastily. 'I'm from the future. Sent here by your descendants. Covering most of the timelines, in fact. They seem to have done quite a bit better than you. Financially, I mean.' 'Oh,' I said. That seemed good, in some ways. Then I asked: 'Will I see you again?' 'Afraid not,' he said. 'But, um, good luck.' The door started to close. Just before it did, I saw his face one last time. 'I've always fucking hated the name Bozo, by the way,' he said. Then he was gone and the door slammed shut. I was alone in complete, silent darkness. 