
A fierce rumble echoed through the countryside as the sun faded behind a rolling black cloud. Ashes fell to the ground as dense as snow, and soon after, fire seemed to rain from the sky. The time had come. The earth split open with a frenzy of molten rock spewing from the crevice. As the ground seemed to rise, a dark, towering figure emerged from deep inside the planet. He stood ten stories tall, a thick red hide of burnt rock glistening in the burning night. He gripped a trident in his right hand, and smooth obsidian horns jutted from his head. The earth itself shook as he stepped forth. "The end has come," his thunderous voice boomed across the blazing landscape. He raised a hand to the sky. "Bow to your new king, the Great--" "Hey, Lou," a tiny voice carried up from the creature's feet. He looked down to see a man--or something else, in the shape of one--staring up at him. The man was dressed in flowing white robes, his white hair falling to his waist. A thick beard twirled neatly against his chest. "You!" The giant bellowed, turning his trident to the man. "Yeah, me," the man said, "and *only* me." The creature knelt, his hot breath producing a thick steam peppered with embers. The small man appeared unbothered. "They're all gone." The man said. The creature furrowed its brow with the sound of crumbling rock. "What do you mean, *gone*?" "I mean they're not here. Not on Earth." The giant raised his head and scanned the area, realizing for the first time how empty it was. Buildings in the distance were half decayed, the land was barren. There were even no signs of wildlife. "But where--" "Mars." The man shrugged. "Mars?!" the creature bellowed, puffs of fire escaping his nose. He looked up to the sky, unable to see through the cloud of smoke. The man shook his head. "I know, old friend. You were really looking forward to this. We can still fight, if you want." He offered a forced smile. The giant let himself fall backwards into a sitting position. His trident fell to the ground, embedding itself in the dirt. "No, what would be the point, now?" The creature said. "Well, what will you do, then?" The creature shrugged. "I don't know. Any ideas?" "I'm getting some of the arch's together for poker tonight. I guess you can join, if you behave." The creature smiled. "Yeah, I think I'd like that." They both stood and walked away, leaving behind the war that could have been. r/Ford9863 