
36,000 seconds. Or, 600 minutes. Or, 10 hours. Approximately, 42% of each day spent in that rigid chair, breathing in the stale antiseptic hospital air which clung to my skin, my clothes, reminding me always of the invisible tethers that drew me back to that spot. That meant that I had a 42% chance of being there by Emily's side whenever she woke up. If Emily woke up anytime else in the other 58% of any given day, I was assured I would be the first person they called. It's essential, I had stressed, that I was the first one Emily saw. Thankfully, I was there when Emily emerged from her coma at 8:42 pm, on an otherwise uneventful day. "Where..." she struggled to say, her eyelids flickering open. I had prepared for this moment, rehearsed it endlessly, and so I did not panic. I placed my book face-down at the end of the bed, kissed her forehead. "Emily," I said. "It's me, Carol. You're safe now, safe." The first few weeks after Emily was admitted, the nurses had pointed out the call button, instructed me to summon them should Emily awake. A month in, they stopped reminding me, and I wondered if it was because they believed I already knew, or if they thought I would never have reason to use it. I had wondered what it would be like to finally press the button, yell for their attention. Now, when I finally had the opportunity, I found myself putting it off, cherishing instead the precious few seconds I had alone with Emily. "Ca... rol..." Emily said, feebly lifting a hand towards my face. "I'm so happy you remember me," I said, as I stroked her hair back over her forehead. I truly was. The doctors had always feared that the blow she sustained would have scrambled her brains, left her forever vegetative. I had been there, seen her blood myself, splattered across the walls, as her body lay limp on the floor. I don't remember much else of that day, but the police told me they had to pry her from me, frenzied as I was. "What... time..." she said. "Emily, sweetie. I'm going to be straight with you, OK? Like I always promised?" Emily nodded, and I took a deep breath. "It's been six years. You've been here for six years. But I promise you, it's just us now. Just the two of us. Once you get better, we'll go to all the places you wanted to, OK? Disneyland? It's still there, bigger, better than before." I watched her carefully, my right hand already hovering over the call button. Emily was strong, much stronger than me sometimes. Under other circumstances, I was sure she could handle the shock. But she was fragile now, ravaged by time, and I was no longer sure. Her eyes widened as my words sank in. She didn't need to ask twice - I had never lied to her, and I didn't intend to start. "Six... six years?" Emily's breathing grew ragged, and her free hand shot up from under the blanket. She flexed, as if her hand was not hers, then it settled, trembling upon her chest. She squeezed, and her face drained of blood. That was when Emily started crying. "It's... my... turn..." she said, eyes firmly shut. "I... don't want..." I threw myself over her, wrapped myself as tightly as I could. I bent low towards her ear, and I said, "No, Emily, no more. Papa's gone, I took care of that. He'll never come back, never hurt us again. He'll never get to do to you what he did to me, I promise. Do you believe me? I've never lied to you, have I? Emily, look at me, I'm not lying. He hurt you once, but I made sure he can never do that again. So be happy, for me? We have our whole lives ahead of us, we really do." Ten minutes later, after much coaxing, cajoling, Emily finally laughed. I don't remember at what exactly, just another one of my stupid stories, spun to distract, to enthrall. Stories I had grown so adept at telling, six years ago. Stories I hoped I no longer needed. Her laughter was the only sound I had been waiting for these past six years. I pressed the call button. --- /r/rarelyfunny 