
"What you have?" I said, smiling at the elderly woman tottering up to me. "Yes, wait," she said, studying the printed menu behind me. There weren't a lot of words, but everyone understood numbers and burgers. She pointed at the Number Six. I nodded. Money changed hands. After passing the order chit to the kitchen staff, I turned to the next customer and groaned inwardly. Bluecap--I didn't know his real name--was here again, with his friends: Pimples, Muscles and Goldie. His cronies glowered at me; Goldie smiled shyly. She wasn't exactly what most people would call attractive, but her eyes looked at me with kindness. And I loved her words. "Hey there, how's things?" Bluecap said. "What you have?" I said in a robotic voice. Bluecap chuckled. "Missing a little *will*, are we?" I mouthed his usual joke along with him, but he merely smiled wider. "Oh look, he's miming us. Too bad he can't actually say it, or he'll get tossed into poor people jail." Other customers in the restaurant were beginning to stare, and the lady I had just served was casting a scandalized look his way. "What you have?" I said. "I learned a new word today," Muscles said in his deep voice. "My dad bought it yesterday for our entire family. It's 'destitute'. You know what that word means?" I know what the damned word means, ass-for-brains, I thought. My knuckles were turning white on the counter top, and it took all my restraint not to hurl myself at him. "Oh, he knows," rat-faced Pimples said. "He just can't explain it." "Guys, can't we just get our food?" Goldie interrupted, a faint frown lining her brow. "I'm hungry, and I don't want to be late for our cl--instructional session. We were already in trouble the last time with the professor." Bluecap snorted. "And I told you, we should've blamed it all on this guy here." She only glared in reply. "Fine. We're all having Number Eights. Extra cheese on mine, no mayo on Clara's--" I tried not to show my surge of joy at learning her name. "--double the fries for Tom, he's loading up the carbs." I nodded and pointed at the sum on the display, but Bluecap raised his voice and said, "Repeat the order. Don't want you to get it not correct." I scowled and gestured even more furiously for him to pay, but I could tell he wasn't about to be swayed this time. He must have seen the manager leaving earlier, just before he'd come in. "Don't make bother," my co-worker Billy warned them from the neighboring till. "Shut your stupid hole," Pimples snarled. "Instructional session starts in ten minutes!" Clara said, but they ignored her. "You have. You go have. What me you have," I said, trying to convey my boiling rage. "Have, you go." "You know what, I think we don't want the food anymore. I'm sure it'll come out not correct," Bluecap said, turning around. "We're leaving, guys." A well-dressed, middle-aged man with grey in his temples glided into their path, holding out a hand to stop them. "Shit, fellas, I seen a lot of attitude in my day, but you guys may be the worst yet. 'cept you, girlie." I gaped at him; rather, at the melodious words flowing from his lips. He'd used slang. He'd cursed! Even Bluecap seemed a little dazed at the sort of language coming from someone in a dingy fast food diner, so much so that he allowed the man to drape an arm over his shoulders and steer him back to me. "I'm just gonna do the honors for this poor fella here, alright?" he said, and repeated Bluecap's order flawlessly. Clara had whipped out a notepad. "No foul, eh? Heck, y'know what? I'll pay for you guys. On me." Bluecap nodded mutely and led his gang away to an empty table. "You have?" I asked the man, still feeling puzzled at the sudden turn of events. He snorted and counted several bills from a plain black wallet. The identification in the sleeve, however, didn't belong to him. It belonged to-- "You go have?" I whispered, awestruck, pointing at Bluecap. With a wink, the man extracted several plastic cards from the stolen wallet. Most of them were plain white, printed with small black words in a neat script, though a couple gleamed gold. Then he drew one more from a pocket, this one jet black with silver letters. "Little something from me, though it means I'll have to watch my tongue from now on. Have fun," he said, backing away from the counter. "Personally, I don't keep mine on my person for this exact reason." I looked from the cards to Bluecap, and then back at the cards. Then, filling my lungs with air, I said in the loudest bellow ever, "Get your cap-wearing arse to the counter, Ajax Perry, and let me tell you how much of a dick you've been." *** *Thanks for reading! If you liked it, check out my [sub](http://reddit.com/r/nonsenselocker) for more of my work.* 