
How did I get roped into this again? Oh yeah. Dad. "Take your child to work day" was not working out the way I had hoped. Sure I was getting to skip algebra and world history but someone stuck me in an office and walked away. A map laying on the desk and I walked over too it looking down. Something was a bit off, but I wasn't sure what. A box of colored pencils lay next to it, and the artist inside me welled up. I'm sure whoevers map it was, they could just print another. It was blank anyways. I rifle through the colors, picking out a nice dark shade of blue. I start to shade in the deepest part of the ocean. I added a few swirls in, just to spice things up. I picked a lighter shade for the water near the coasts. As I start to shade around the continents I realize what's been off with the map since I first saw it. The borders are off. Much larger than they are in real life. I decide to just go off memory. No way am I going to make Florida look like a balloon hanging off the states like the map has. Satisfied with my oceans, I move onto the land. I got more than a little creative with that. Jungles in Kansas, a desert in Alaska. I just did whatever looked good. Finally, once the map was complete, I started adding in creatures. I put a kraken near New Zealand. A herd of Centaurs in China, a Dragon in the mountains of Colorado. Satisfied with my creation, I packed the colored pencils back in their little box. I picked up the map, rolling it carefully and headed for the door. I couldn't wait to show dad! Getting into the hallway, red lights and a siren were going off. I was more than a little surprised, as until a moment ago, I hadn't heard anything. People were rushing up and down the hallway, and a little scared, I joined the rush. I knew where dad's office was, I just needed to get there. It seemed like everyone was on their way to dad's office. I heard people screaming about a tsunami about to hit england, and something about a tornado in Brazil. Getting into his office was another issue. There was a line that went down several hallways. I cut in front of people, and when one person tried to shoo me off, I crocodile tears them into pitying me. That got me really moving to dad's office. "Dad! Look at this picture I colored!" I shouted as I entered the room. "Thea I don't have -" he paused looking up. His face paled. Uh oh. Maybe I wasn't supposed to touch that after all. "Is something wrong dad?" I ask, unsure. I hate getting in trouble with dad. "Where did you get that?" he asked weakly. "In the office you stuck me in this morning." "Oh." He frowned, then stood, "Someone get Mastuvis in here! He has something to fix!" I noticed a TV with the news on behind my dad. It was showing ... A dragon? In Colorado. Oh no. That was the day I found out my dad was a god. And that I was a halfling. Oops. r/LandOfMisfits 