
It started with six men, floating into the village on palanquins borne by violet light. Every few minutes, if one looked closely, you could see one murmur briefly, a look of reflexive concentration on their face, and their violet light would brighten. Many in the village had heard of magic, but none had seen it performed in a generation. It meant one thing - a Choosing had come. Like all villages, simple magics gave it heat in the cold and light in the darkness, but none could so effortlessly create such complex spell, or one which didn't draw power. Many who saw it were in awe - many others were afraid, mothers and fathers most of all. They had the most to lose. As was tradition, the Choosers rested only a few minutes in the square, the light slowly fading, drinking a tea of honey and herbs. The youngest one stepped forward and, after announcing their titles, spoke the calling spell. It was an honour to speak this - he did it carefully and proudly, the syllables crisp and almost too fast to follow. Once done, nothing stirred for a moment, then the children began to move, glassy-eyed, into the square, devoid of will. A few parents who'd quickly sought to hide their young ones weeped quietly, while others looked on in hope. This took time, but soon all between the age of eight and twelve were in a row. Now four of the Choosers walked to the start of the line, expressionless, while two others carefully watched the crowd. The four went to each child, and one took out an elaborate watch. 'Tell me of yourself,' she said, and the child began to speak. 'Faster,' she stated kindly, and the child began to rattle off the name of his parents, friends, school and so on. The watch spun and the Choosers watched and listened. After a couple of minutes, the watch stopped, a whispered conversation ensued, and then they moved on. Seventeen times it went like this. On the eighteenth the conversation was different. A villager, watching closely, could perhaps have noticed that the story came out unusually clearly, the pace faster with few errors or retracements. The child was eight, as well - young to show such potential, but at an excellent age to train. They marked her, and there was a wail from the crowd. This continued for a few hours until all were tested and two were Chosen. Once done, the most senior of the Choosers announced recompense to the crowd. This was why there was no revolt, though some villagers looked angry. The town needed this. Three choosers went to a covered black rock covered in inscriptions proclaiming glory to the King and describing the laws of the land, first among them the Choosing. What happened next was extraordinarily difficult. For six hours, the Choosers spoke at a pace that seemed too fast for speech to function, but every vowel and consonant was set into place with razor precision. One had a tic while doing so, rubbing their left arm, the one most often traditionally broken as one of the many punishments during training. It was a masterpiece of magic. As they did their work, laying later after reinforcing layer of commands into the stone it began to glow, first red and then orange as it compensated with heat for tiny errors in pronunciation and pace. A worn channel to primal energy was cracked open, reinforced and set to firm control. After six hours, with barely a moment stopped, it was done. This channel would last another generation, and if used carefully and sparingly could continue to light homes, heat in the winter, protect food, mend metal and keep the villagers in comfort. It was cold solace to the four parents who lost their children. The three Choosers who Spoke gave little of their exhaustion away, only swaying slightly, and after a few minutes more the violet light ignited again and carried the six and their two Chosen to the capital. 