
"This specimen comes from a G2V class star. It's an aerobic hominid. Their average life span is about... 1.1 HLGDs. This one's in pretty good shape." "Only 1.1 HLGDs? Damn... How smart is it?" "Ugh, we're gonna have to get a home gym for it aren't we?""Well, their species is borderline eusocial. They can't do much on their own, but as a species they've achieved quantum computers and performed high orbit space travel. It'll be a couple of hundred thousand years before they can be considered suitable for the interstellar council, however, if they don't nuke themselves first." "So it's sapient but, just barely." "Maybe some really simple holo-novels will do it.""It's smart enough to know what it doesn't know. It's also smart enough to be easily insulted. It probably has the gist of what we are and where it is actually. So try to treat it with some respect." "And you're sure its people won't miss it?" "Not that they could do anything about it..." "I mean, they will, but not because of us. This one was on board an aerodynamic vehicle traveling in between their major continents. There was a malfunction and the vehicle was going to immolate. We beamed it up just before it would have been incinerated." "... It looks kinda cute." "What are those weird things on its chest?" "Mammary glands. Sexual reproduction. Hominid, remember? I'm pretty sure this one's female." "Sexual reproduction is so weird." "That's not so weird. The fact that they can blow themselves up by flying over a little ocean is weird." "It's a young species. Quantum computers isn't bad for a hominid species on any world." "... We should probably get it a mate then. I don't want to start humping random objects. And yes, I've seen that before." "... And you said sexually reproducing species aren't weird. Haha." "How much?" "4,000 credits." "That's a bargain. Let's get it. Pleaaaaase?" "How much for a male? And how often do they reproduce?" "We don't have any males in stock right now, but we should be getting a large shipment in soon. A war is about to erupt close to their planet's equator, so it'll be easy to pick up a few dozen of them without anyone noticing. Females will go up in price, so you better grab her while you can. And in answer to your question, they can produce one infant every HLRU or so, but only under ideal circumstances." "Ooh, we should start a colony of them on a small moon." "They aren't prone to suicide due to existential crises are they?" "... 3600 credits." "Can they handle plasma weapons?" "Heh, 4200 credits if you're gonna use them as gladiators. They're vicious little killers with a good track record in the sub-bipedal circuits. Though personally, I recommend the males for that. Also, you'll need a permit." "We will NOT be putting it to fight. That's mean." "Hey, I was just curious!" 