
"Anthony, you have to," Frank declared. "Frank, sometimes I envy your ability to be, well, so frank about matters," I responded. "You have a gift, an amazing ability, that can help as many people in this world as you want. You have a responsibility, an obligation." "Yeah? And what about MY life? Last time, I was dropped into the middle of the ocean, waves churning around me, next to an old seafarer whose boat had just capsized. I. Can't. Swim. It was terrifying. Thankfully I immediately grabbed onto him and tapped his arm four times to get us out of there, and... it worked." I closed my eyes and took a deep breath, only to find myself back in that God-forsaken ocean. One moment I was being tossed by a rolling, 20-foot wave, the next I was in the middle of a barren, arid plain sunk waist deep into quicksand and unable to move. I felt a peculiar tightening around my waist, and looked down to see a small hand crawling its way across my stomach. Her chipped, red nails were evidence that she was the person I was sent to rescue. I tapped the captain's arm again, and opened my eyes to complete darkness. The smell was... putrid. "Grrhh... What's it be happenin' ta me?" "I'm trying to get us to safety, please stay quiet. I don't know where we are." "Wh... who are you?! Where am I?" screeched the girl. "Like I said, I-" "Thank God! People! Get me out of here! The smell! I can't take it, I'd rather ACTUALLY be dead!" rang a deep, rusty voice. "Sir, do you know where we are?" I requested. "Yes. The Chicago City Morgue. I faked my death a little to well, and I just woke up. My door is locked and there are decomposing carcasses all around me! I can't breathe... Help!" he shouted. I tried my door, and it pushed open. I glided out, hands still shaking and shedding wet sand. I couldn't think, couldn't move. The lights flashed on and I was so startled that I rolled off of the gurney and onto the floor. "Anthony! Are you alright?" Frank probed. I shook my head, to see him standing over me. His large hand permeating heat over my collarbone. "Yeah, sorry Frank. Looks like that's the second time you stumbled upon me trapped in that morgue." "At least I don't have to try and explain your talents to anyone else this time. Let's get you a nice cot to nap on, you will need your rest before you get back out there. You know... It's not often a mortician has a friend over to the lab for a sleepover." "I've told you, it won't be happening again." I retorted. "Yeah right," Frank jested. "You're about to give up just when I finally came up with a sweet name for you, Inst-Anthony..." 