
"Your occupation?" "Food sales and service." "The boxes we found in your home, you were specifically trying to sell those? Including the one we have in this evidence bag?" "Yes, detective. I don't understand what the problem is. I got a license, I pay taxes on all my profits, it's all legal." "Where do you buy your ingredients?" "I... um... don't buy ingredients. I know this is going to be hard to believe. But it shouldn't matter whether you believe me. I seem to be haunted. Whenever I step from my home office into my kitchen, there's a cooked meal in the kitchen. I box it up for sale, go back into the office, step into the kitchen, another full meal. Box it up, office, kitchen, another. And always a weird note about 'could have been us.' There must be hundreds of those notes in my trash if you want to check - to confirm what I'm telling you. You don't believe me, why would you?" "Sure I do. We found the notes, so your story must be true. Go on." "I can pack up about one full per minute. Two hours of back and forth per day, 120 meals I can sell, then back to my office to process online orders, manage the store. I don't get to choose the menu in advance. It's not even labelled what anything is. But eventually there's a buyer for most of it, and what I don't sell, I can eat. What I don't want, I can throw away - no cost." "So you're saying it all just appears on its own. Like magic." "To the best of my knowledge. Or like there's a ghost. I tried watching, nothing happens. I figured out after a while that I have to be 'working.' I tried video cameras, everything just looks like a big shadow for a second." "You don't make the food, then?" "No." "So the ingredients come out of your kitchen shelves on their own?" "No. I told you, there are no ingredients. Or at least, I don't know where they come from." "Yeah, food with no ingredients. You sure you didn't start with one fish?" "Ha ha. If you looked into my credit cards, you'll see I've hardly bought any food at all for over a decade. Not even for myself. If you look at my business records, you'll see I have zero expenses for ingredients." "Some might hear your story and think you don't want there to be a record. They might think you're buying the ingredients on some sort of black market." "So I wouldn't get to deduct the cost on my taxes? Why would I do that? And why would the police care, anyway?" "We care. Because trafficking human meat is a felony." 