
"what the FUCK am I doing *here*?" exclaimed the demon. He had just materialised in the middle of Mrs Brocket's Home Ec class and he wasn't happy. "language young man!" Mrs Brocket exclaimed. "Don't you know that's not how we speak in this school!". "Young man?! YOUNG MAN?! I AM NO MAN, AND I AM 140,000 YEARS OLD! FUCK YOU, YOU OLD CRONE!" Mrs Brocket promptly combusted as the demon flicked her with its largest tail. Shame, I always liked Mrs Brocket, she used to let us listen to cheesey 80s hair rock whilst we cooked. "You!" He said pointing to me. "Er, yeah?" I replied. Knowing that this was about to get *interesting*. "What is *that*?" the demon gestured to the worktop. "Double chocolate lime and coconut cake. With a decoration of marzipan incantations.". "Destroy it!" the demon ordered. "Er, not likely dude, I made this for a reason". The demon roared, he threw three of my classmates through a window to their deaths. "Are you done with the tantrum? Look pal, you and I both know that those runes are a control incantation, I control you now. Stop killing people, in fact never kill another person. Or torture another person or harm, demean, degrade another person *ever*". The demon roared again, but this was a wretched roar, a mere mewl compared to his earlier effort. "What will you have me do?" the demon asked plaintively. "Well, I've heard tell that you occupied the body of Jean la Feveur in 17th century Prague - is this correct?" "I did, yes, for a time". The demon sounded confused, out of control, and exasperated. "I want something from you then demon. I want... Jean's ground almond tart recipe." there it was, in the open, my reason for summoning this demon. "You transgressed hell's own laws, you cracked reality between the worlds, you had four people killed, you invoked me to this human realm for a *cake recipe*?". "Technically, you killed those four people, but yeah, I've heard tell that it was a very fine tart". The demon regarded me for several minutes, before his next words, he seemed to be weighing up his options - I have heard that level 6-ers like him can be formidable opponents, vicious killers, deranged evil beasts. The sky began to grow darker outside. It was night almost immediately. I heard a distant echo of what could only be hells chorus of trumpets made from the hollowed bones of the devoured, fire rolled long across the night sky, Satan himself appeared briefly as a being so corrupt, so intensely unnatural that many who saw him lost their minds instantly. Those who didn't go insane, the stronger of us, would still have nightmares about that image for the rest of our lives. And so, the demon finally spoke. "okay so take two eggs, a bag of fresh almonds - not dried, not powdered, fresh, from a Nicosian tree if possible....". Long story short, that tart is *incredible*. 