
'For the last time, the Senator was murdered, none of this "heart disease" nonsense.' As a Coroner Sam was used to the sight of corpses, just not eight foot tall ones wearing a crown and draped in tapestries of ages past, and especially not ones that moved, spoke and made "air quote" signs with their fingers. When the desiccated revenant first appeared gliding above the floor on a faint nimbus of light Sam reacted...poorly.  His fear spasm was severe enough to sprain, well it's best left unsaid though he would be uncomfortable in the morning.  That fear had dampened somewhat after watching the undead beast make himself a coffee using the K-cup machine from reception then wander round reading Senator Harris's charts and reports. Sam decided to lean into things by this point figuring that either he'd suffered a stroke or some orderly had slipped him LSD, he'd heard about Microdosing in an interview on NPR and figured the new guy, the rockabilly kid with the missing fingers was the most likely culprit. Either way, Sam figured there was not much he could do about it, and at the very least it was *highly* unlikely that some being would transcend death itself just to make small talk about peppermint flavored coffee and stevia of all things... "...So" Sam said. "How can you say that? I did a full autopsy. I examined his heart myself?" "Easy" Said the Litch. Deep within empty sockets a dull light glowed smugly. (Sam had stopped with the little questions like 'how can a glow be smug?' or 'how does it talk when it's larynx doesn't move?' and '*Why* is it *floating*?'....) "Two reasons. First the obvious" Said the Litch. "You can see here that this was a professional job, standard Arcane double tap." The Undead horror casually gestured to the ex-senators head and stitched up sternum. "A cheap 'n' nasty curse to the body, and a Power word right to the soul" The Litch smiled, well attempted to anyway. It *rictused* unsettlingly. "Shows it was a Pro, your standard sparkle fingers doesn't have what it takes to source someone's True Name you know?" "No" Said Sam. "I don't. You just can't point at a body and say 'oh magic killed them' No one will accept an inquiry report that says '*A Wizard did it...'* Sam was getting pissed. Tripping or no tripping, no eldritch abomination was going to come into his morgue and refute 17 years of work and study by pointing at a body and blaming "Magic" "What was the second reason?" Sam asked, a bit more snipperly than he'd intended. "Oh I asked him" Said the Litch. "You fucking *WHAT*?!" asked Sam. "Oh, when you went to the bathroom to clean yourself up after I first came in." The Litch shrugged. "First thing I do when someone dies, ask them what happened. It's quite helpful" "You...?" "You don't?" Asked the Litch "I find it saves so much time with all of, well this business." He gestured around the room at the examination table, the scales and assorted tools. Sam swore one of the glowing eye-lights *winked*. "...Why?" Sam asked quietly. "The Senator? Upset the wrong PAC group. Got a good description of the warlock too. Do you follow the news, because you'll never guess who it was?" "I mean you, here, *this*" Sam asked. "Oh consider this my application. I'd like to join you here" "What? I mean, What?" Sam stammered "Oh don't be coy" said the Litch. "I've had my eye on here for a while. Good hours, It's quiet, you get to meet people, and the Dental and Orthopedic package you get is to die for..." 