
Sarah grinned as she placed the Japanese dinner in front of me. She was shockingly beautiful, as always. With the backdrop of the grand dining room and flawlessly lit dining room, there was no question in my mind she was the most amazingly beautiful woman in the world. "Happy anniversary baby," She said lovingly, giving a kiss on the forehead before sitting across the table from me. I grinned back, and ate a bite without looking away. I grinned. Tetraodon pufferfish was one of my favorite meals. It was difficult to prepare correctly, and it was highly toxic if you didn't. Luckily, I wasn't worried about it. Sarah was one of the greatest cooks he had ever met, and had a way of making the dish even better than any restaurant. Of course, it was primarily because she seasoned it differently to hide the fact that she hadn't removed the poison, but details. It was a masterpiece. "Happy anniversary darling," I replied lovingly, taking a sip of absinthe next to the plate. Absinthe was normally watered down before drinking, but the consistency was off, implying arsenic was mixed into the water. I grinned at her attempts. She must be getting desperate, she knew as well as I did that this could be traced back to her. Of course, I wouldn't let that happen to her. I pretended to gaze at the drink in confusion. "I think this bottle is bad dear, the consistency is off." Her eyes widened only for a split second, before appearing confused. "Sorry baby, I'll get a new one." I waved it off. "Don't worry about it. As much as I'd love to watch you go, I prefer your company." She gave a sly smile before digging into her own pufferfish, normally prepared without a doubt. She was failing to hide this little smile I just couldn't get enough of. It was funny really. I had lived for ten thousand years. I'd clanked glasses with Julius Caeser. I had dinner with who would be later known as Jesus. But moments like this were what stood out to me. When you have power that is all people see. You cease to be human in essence. You are a resource. Those who have associated with him for at least the last six thousand years have never seen him as anything different. But there was something intimate created in moments like this. Murder brings out the true character of an individual. It was primal and intimate, things I have lacked in my life. It naturally pierces all facades. The masks fall when they think they are with a dead man. This is the only time I get to see another human behind their social persona, and when on some level they connect with me. And that sly smile, hidden behind long dark hair, that is the human connection I crave more than anything. "Darling, I decided to give you 100% of all my assets in my will." And I needed more of it. 