
His cottage was palatial by local standards. He had chosen the estate because it was remote enough to be unmolested. It was big enough to tend and support the family he had hoped to start. With the loss of his damsel, it had suddenly become overwhelmingly large. Now that his hound was taken from him, it was absolutely devoid of purpose. John sat on his bed, sitting on the battlemail draped over it. The half-plate remained mounted on the wall. He looked wearily at his old implements of war. The darkness of night had settled around him, and he had already, ceremonially, blown out all the candles, save the ones in the main sitting room. There, he had set a table for himself, with the fires and the light casting clear shadows against the stone walls. John went to his dinner table, and placed his face into a cloth. His sobbing filled the estate. ___ The freelancers slowly crept into the estate. The lock on the front door was easy enough to pick, and the back door wasn't even locked. Their leader smirked. The Wicked had gone soft in his retirement. They could hear him crying in the dining room. The lancers slowly crept in, allowing their eyes to adjust to the light before they would pounce upon their victim. ___ With a quick snick of his knife, John cut a cord of rope that had been holding the candlewheel up on the ceiling. It fell onto the table with a clatter, and all the flames flickered out. Darkness immediately enveloped the lancers' eyes, and they began shuffling in their panic. With the cloth removed from his eyes, the Wicked moved swiftly to work. The nearest lancer to him, by the armchair, received a quick dagger between the third and fourth ribs. John pulled the dagger out, and a quick spurt of blood followed as the lancer collapsed. John spun around, spinning the dagger to point the blade downward, and stuck it under the chin of another, up through the roof of his mouth. His gurgling trickled through the house. A third lancer was already on his knees, his eyes still adjusting. Please, he begged, please, I, ple- John had plunged the dagger into his throat, and left it there. He looked out, and listened for the footsteps. Pitter patter, pitter patter. Three more, he thought. ___ A knock at the door interrupted his thoughts. John opened it. "John." "Jim." "'Tis a fine evening." "'Tis." The constable tilted his head, peering into John's cottage. The dining room was dark, but the slumped figures of three freelancers was clearly visible. In the hallway were two more. One was slumped against the stairway, not dead but definitely dying. Constable Jim looked back at John. "Ye received a call for rabble-rousing?" "Yea, John," the constable paused, "rabble-rousing." "I'll try to maintain a golden silence for the remainder of this evening." "Appreciated. Are ye crusading again, John?" "No, no. I am just cleaning up a few things." "OK, well," the constable looked both unsure and resigned, "Good evening to ye, John." "Good evening, Jim." John closed the door. 