
Glancing around him furtively, Ygrip slid a finger under his collar. The tension in the long conference room had him steaming - literally, the Atk Toeshi emit moist, hot air as a means of cooling - and his suit was feeling more and more like it was meant to broil him. At least he wasn't the subject of the Chairperson's withering interrogation. That sad fate was reserved for the misfortune Tem Abrel, case manager for Earth, one of seventeen pre-FTL worlds under the control of the Bureau for the Uplifting and Refinement of Primitives. The world that was fast becoming a blight in the Bureau's good name. "So..." continues the chairperson. "You incited their first global scale conflict by assassinating a well-known political figure, expecting planetary unification following the war." "Following protocol, your Eminence. Perhaps miscalculations were made, but..." Abrel responds with some confidence at first, before withering under the Chairperson's hostile gaze. "Clearly they were!" The Chairperson responds. "Near-unprecedented slaughter, the accidental release of a biological superagent - one intended for total cleansing of the planet as a last resort, mind you - that resulted in a 1/3 fatality rate on top of the war! And what did you do next?" She is growing wrathful by now, skin turning a vivid purple. "I...." the case managers gulps audibly, steam forcibly exiting his pores. "I tried again." "You, without authorization, gave ADVANCED WEAPOMS TECHNOLOGY TO TWO AUTHORITARIAN POWERS! And to make it worst, they were DEFEATED by their enemies, as a result of the first independent invention of the atomic bomb since this Bureau's founding! Need a remind you of the catastrophe that led to the Bureau's initial incorporation?" "No, chairperson," the case manager coughs. "As you say, they have discovered atomics and still are not even close to unification. I was hopeful for a while, as during their Space Race, they coalesced into two main factions, but now both have essentially collapsed and two new major powers are on the rise. In terms of major entities on the world stage there are at least five." The Chairman's eyes look as though they are about to pop out of her head. "This is inexcusable! You are relieved from your duties, and we will be assigning a new officer to salvage the situation before, Gods forbid, they make it offworld still in this disastrous state." ----- Meanwhile, on a barren, red, rocky world, the thin air is filled with the roar of engines, as the largest rocket ever built comes to a standstill on the surface. From the landing module step forth first one, then three, then twenty pairs of feet. All assemble around the leader, who takes a fistful of the red dirt in her hand, gazing up at the sky, then looking back at her ship. The SS "Look at that, Sally" is magnificent. "Today we take one small step for men and women, one giant leap for humanity. Let's get to work folks, you're not being paid to stand around and admire the view." Cpt Karen Nyberg, formerly of NASA and now of SpaceX, sets the crew of the Mars Colony Mission 1 to work. 