
It was 3:00 a.m. and the radiator seemed incapable of heating the 4x4 break room, and the styrofoam cup of coffee was transitioning from hand-warmer to soon-to-be too cold to drink. The whistle blew for half-time in the Manchester United vs Arsenal game. I reached for the tv, to fast-forward because the remote had gone missing months ago, and heard something in the lull of the cheering crowd. I jumped to my feet. On my first shift, some fifteen years prior, the previous gravekeeper, Mitch Weiss, rung the bell on some poor souls recently buried grave. "That's the first of two times you'll hear that sound." Mitch had said. "The second is when you show your replacement what I'm showin' you." Being naive, I asked Mitch what it was for, and he said. "Tis for when the dead wants room service." He chuckled and smiled, cracking his Mozaic face of alcohol poisoning and old age. Mitch had been wrong about two things. I would hear that sound five times in my life, and it wouldn't be for room service. As I walked from the break room, armed with my trusty Maglite, I tried to remember the names of the recently buried. There had been five in the last week. Two locals, Mary and Arthur Brentwood. An elderly couple who tragically died within two days of one another. There was Sarah, I forget her last name, but she had come on Wednesday. Marvin? No, Martin, a charming young chap the family was telling me. And the last name I couldn't remember. I started towards the new burial plots. The wind was bitter cold, and as it turns out, the little radiator was doing more than adorn the break room wall. Before I made it three steps, again, the bell rung. But it came from behind me. My first thought was kids. There wasn't much to do around Little Staughton, and if I were them, I'd be up to no good. I saw the bell move when it sounded the third time. It wasn't kids or a new burial, but one that had been there for over two months. I slid the torch from the bell to the tombstone, *Thomas Avery*. Despite knowing that he couldn't be still alive, I grabbed the nearest shovel and got to work. It may seem strange, but the only thing that was going through my mind was how pissed the groundskeeper, Bart, was going to be when he saw the fresh soil scattered about his otherwise pristine lots. The shovel hit the lid of the wooden casket with a jarring thud. Sweat pooled at the nape of my back, and it wouldn't take long for the evening air to turn it cold. A part of me is ashamed to admit that I stared at the casket for a moment too long. That, despite the distress call, I didn't open it immediately. It didn't seem real. The lid of a coffin is by far the heaviest part since it has to keep meters of earth at bay. It took six attempts, partly due to sweaty fingers, to pry the damn thing open. The smell hit me first. It wasn't of a decomposing body, but of urine and excrement. I shone the torch inside, not wanting to see the source of such a foul smell. I must have blinded the poor man, who hadn't seen sunlight for months because he lifted both hands to shield his eyes. '*Are they gone?*' The man croaked. I couldn't see his face, but he was alive. 'Are you alright?' '*Are they gone?*' 'Are *who* gone?' The man was gulping air like it was water. '*Have people stopped visiting my grave?*' 'I don't know what you mean. Here, take my hand.' I offered to pull him from the grave, but he swatted it away. '*Listen to me,*' He said. '*I will pay you five-hundred thousand pounds to help me.*' 'Excuse me?' '*I will need a few things in exchange. I need you to buy me more water and food. Then recover my grave and make it look untouched. Then I need you to watch me during the day to see if anyone visits. Can you do that?*' I chuckled at the absurdity of the situation. I was sweat-laden with dirt stuck to every inch of my skin and tired. 'Thomas, listen to me-' '*My name isn't Thomas. If you don't help me, I will most likely die. And for real this time.*' --- /r/WrittenThought 