
*Pop* "Oh...hey, John." "Hey, Margarete." John sighed. Her bedroom was a mess - a total, absolute, pig-sty-hit-by-a-tornado kind of mess the likes of which made him cringe. Magazines, sheets, and even bits of old food covered the carpet like a layer of soil. But it was nothing compared to her. It was a familiar scene to John at this point. Her crying, sitting on the edge of her bed, not quite covering the bruises over her eyes. The apartment was different, at least, but the story was nothing new. New guy. New place. Same problem. He started to clean. "How is Dave treating you these days, Mar?" He asked, feigning ignorance as he picked up a particularly crusty Playboy. "Gone." She said, simply. "He was cheating, like I thought. Like you thought, I guess. So I got out." "That's good news, Mar." John shot her a sad smile as he dumped the first pile into the trash. "And the new guy is...?" "Josh." Margarete said, quickly. "He seemed so nice at the bar, paid for me and everything. A real gentleman." "But he hit you, didn't he." John said. Margarete didn't answer. He continued to clean in silence. "You can't just...it wasn't his fault, Ok? He was drunk!" She finally snapped. "Who the hell are you, coming in here, telling me how to live my life? With your...your good clothes, fancy shoes! I bet you never had to deal with any crap in your entire life!" Still, John was silent. He moved into the bathroom, which was somehow in an even worse state. "I don't see any needles this time. Cutting back?" He called. This time, Margarete was silent. John kept cleaning. "Mar? You still in there?" He asked, poking his head out into the other room. To his surprise, she was looking up at him, cheeks stained with tears. In her hands, she held a small stick made of cheap white plastic, half hidden behind her shaking fingers. "John...I. It's not..." She stammered. "I...I can't. I can't leave, not anymore." She held the object up, half displaying it to John as if she wasn't sure that she wanted him to see it. "It's not just about me anymore." John swallowed, finally understanding. "Whose...?" He asked. Margarete just shook her head. "I don't know...it could have been Dave, I guess. But I can't go back there, John, I just can't!" John nodded. "I understand." He said. "But, Margarete...you can't stay here either. You know that. What will Josh do when he finds out? Or...did he already find out, and this is what he did to you?" "I'm so scared, John!" Margarete sobbed. "I don't know what to do, where to go..." "It's going to be ok, Mar. I promise." John said. "Do you still have your cousin's number? Up in Newport?" Margarete nodded. "Good. Go there, and don't look back. They'll help." "Thanks...John, I...Just. Thank you." Margarete said. "I...I don't know what I'd do, if it weren't for you. Sometimes, I just wish we'd never broken up. Maybe things would have turned out different." John just chuckled. "No, Margarete. I don't think it would have worked out. Besides, it would break my fiance's heart if I broke up with him now." Margarete stared. "You're...?" John nodded. He blinked, and he was home. His real home - sitting on his bed, fully dressed in the dead of night, his partner breathing softly beside him. He hadn't waited up. John laid down and sighed, staring up at the ceiling. He had thought that the shock might have been enough to send him back, but her expression haunted him. Confusion, disgust...to think, for over a decade they had known each other, and she'd never thought to ask why he left. He only wished that he could have done more before he did. *** *Heavy stuff. Thanks for the read! CC welcomed, and if you enjoyed this story you might like some of my others on /r/TimeSyncs!* 