
I looked at the man holding the hair dryer. He was staring at the handle muttering that it couldn't be right. I was already tired of the nonsense, and wondered when the police would show up. I had ice cream that was melting. "Look,sweetie, I have a gallon of ice cream here, can I go now?" The man did his best fish impression, and I tried to get past him while he was floundering. He wasn't that distracted, grabbing my arm as I went past. I backed up and he let me go. Where the hell were the cops? I had texted them ten minutes previously. Damn it, I didn't want to deal with some crazy homeless guy today. "You shouldn't exist!" Well... fuck. This guy had a good fifty pounds on me and was nearly a foot taller. I held up my hands to ward him off, dropping my groceries. "Look, dude. I don't know what you want, you can have my wallet, just let me go." He kept on saying I shouldn't exist. I don't even think he listened to me. Where the fuck had he come from? I was walking home when he just showed up in front of me, waving around a hair dryer. I was beginning to get angry. "I have just as much a right to exist as you do asshole!" I finally snapped. "I don't know what drugs you're on, but BACK OFF!" That got him to take a step back. I used the chance to run past him. I heard him yelling from behind me, and felt something shoot past me. Shit, he had a gun. I ducked my head and headed towards the nearest store. Something hit the wall next to me as I dove through the doors. I yelled for someone to call the cops, that he had a gun. The people stared at me until the glass front window shattered. People began panicking then. Screaming, running, complete mayhem. I ducked down an aisle and huddled down. Pulling my phone out, I called the police. It rang, then died. Cussing, I made my way towards the back of the store. As I headed for a set of employee doors, I could here the man shouting from the front of the store. I heard a gun go off, then more screaming. Fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. I got into the store's back room, and saw an exit. I kicked it open, setting off the alarm, then hid behind some boxes. A few minutes later, the man ran through and exited the building. I stayed in there, hiding until the police finally arrived. They questioned everyone, and tried to get the security footage but it was wiped. I managed to get away after telling the police that some crack head tried to hold me up. I gave them my info, and left. My ice cream was melted, along with all of the other cold items. Damn it. Damn it. Thirty four years. Not a peep. I didn't even know what was up until last week. I assume that was when he arrived. I should have been safe here, it was a damn Library 'Verse for crying out loud. He shouldn't have been able to enter! He sure as HELL shouldn't have been able to use something from a damn Techno-Babble 'Verse. He should have arrived, had his mind wiped, and been left a John Doe walking around with a hair dryer. When I got home I began to relax and try to think things through. I don't know how they found me here, but they made a big mistake breaking into this 'Verse. If he can use Techni-Babble tech, that means the hole is still open. If there is a hole, the Watchers will wake up. And they will NOT be happy. I figured I had a few days at most to find the hole and exploit it. There had to be more anomalies here, it would be a matter of getting the focus on them instead of me. But how? I looked down at my phone, currently playing a video of a monkey hugging a cat. I smiled, chuckled, and then began grinning. Oh yes. Millions of users? Multiple writing boards? I was willing to bet my life that more than one of them wasn't created in this 'Verse. Now, to draw them out. "[WP] You meet a trans-universal being. They scan you and the results horrify them: you do not exist in any other parallel universe. You are the only being to exist in one universe." Yeah, that'll do. 