
"I-I don't understand." The dragon raised its head, deep red eyes glinting in the light of my flashlight as they bored into me. Instinctively, I took a step back, trying to inch closer and closer to the cave's entrance without angering the beast. A plume of smoke flew from the dragon's scaly nostrils. "What is there to not understand?" it asked. My eyes split wide and my throat dried into a desert as its booming voice echoed in my head. I hadn't even seen it move its lips. "Y-You're a dragon," I stuttered. "A real dragon..." The red, scale-covered creature shifted, stretching its legs as it rose from the position it was lying in. I flicked my flashlight up to its face out of pure fear. I did not want to let its fire-breathing mouth out of my sight for a second. "Sound more surprised," it said. Its dry sarcasm echoed off the inside of my skull. I blinked, shook my head, then blinked again. But no matter how many times I tried--no matter how many times I tried to wipe it all away, the dragon stayed. It stared at me, as though searching my soul for whatever it could find. "I don't understand," I repeated dumbly, still trying to work through the impossibility of the situation. I'd come to investigate the cave out of curiosity. I was *supposed* to be on a solo vacation. But now, the intermittent soot covering all over the cave walls didn't seem nearly as interesting as it had on my way in. "You said that already," the dragon said. I blinked, nodding and trying to make the gears in my head move a little faster. "How did you get here?" Another pillar of smoke exited the dragon's nostrils. "I could ask you the same question." My breathing accelerated as the dragon took a step forward. The distance to the entrance of the cave suddenly felt thousands of times farther away. "I'm a human. But you're... you're a creature of myth. You can't be real. This must be a dream." "That is what they all say," the dragon said. "Your mortal minds can't accept us, so you cast us into imagination instead." I shook my head. "No... you're not supposed to be real." "What a human explanation for something you can't comprehend. You restrict anything beyond your power only to the lands of your myths. You ignore the truths of the world to protect the ideals you hold of yourself." My eyebrows dropped and my flashlight did too. The soft yellow glow coated the cavern floor, as if signifying the scope of what I truly knew. "But the stories... they can't be true. If they were, you dragons would rule everything. You would have the powers of a god." The dragon snorted, sparks flying out of its throat. Bright orange embers danced across the cave's walls. "At least you are correct on one thing. Compared to what you possess, a dragons divinity is hard to argue with." A weight settled on my shoulder as all of fell into place. I didn't want to believe it--I wanted to believe that I was living in some sick dream. But deep down, I knew that I wasn't. The dragon in front of me was real, and it was telling the truth. Only one further thing nagged at the top of my mind. "If you're all so powerful, why do you hide like this? Why hole up in caves when the world could bow to the mere threat of your destruction? You could be gods, *true* gods if only you wished." "Such a narrow-minded approach," the dragon scolded in my mind. "Such a human thing to say. We are ancient creatures. We have already ruled the world at different times. Even that gets old after a while." "So what?" I asked, surprised by my own confidence in front of such a beast. "You hide out in the mountains and keep your true power from the world?" "The world knows our true power; it knows it better than most. It is only humans that are unaware since *we* keep our power to ourselves. A relaxing lair and all the food that nature provides; I know what I want and that is good enough for me." "I don't understand," I started. "I've heard that before," it shot back. I shook my head, pushing all of its mockery away. "That is all you want? What about everything else that there is? With the power that you have, why be content with just that?" The dragon snorted. "What do you think being a god is all about?" --- /r/Palmerranian 