
"I'm a lizard person." "What?" "I'm actually a lizard. A reptile. But don't tell anyone, bro." Mike passes me the joint, like nothing's changed, like he just said the sky was pretty tonight, and thought nothing more of it. I force a laugh. "What?" "I have no way of proving it to you. But that's what I am." I couldn't believe he was saying it so casually. "What do you mean? Transform right here." He shakes his head, a little sadly. "It doesn't work like that. You can only transform in the presence of other lizards. No humans." "So you realize there's no way anyone would believe you." He shrugs. "Why would I want them to?" "Good point. So how is life any different for you?" He shrugs again. "There are some good things. I only need to sleep for ninety seconds at once. I can reach a lot of things, and move my arms and legs in ways they can't. I don't need to eat much to survive." "And the bad stuff?" He looks me dead in the eye, and there is *something* familiar about that gaze, a look I hadn't seen in a long time. "The loneliness. Knowing you'll never be able to tell anyone who isn't like you, who doesn't know... - I sit down on the chair, and transform, feeling the warmth and familiarity of my true body again. But I can't enjoy it. I'm in shock by how much Mike knows. How much he knows about a life he can't possibly be a part of. Or can he? My mind is racing, racing back to a memory... *"I have to tell you something," I say, nervous all over again, nervous even though I told myself not to be. Nervous that I told her to come here instead of prom, come listen to something I had to say.* *"Just say it. Nothing you say will hurt me. Nothing can change how I feel about you."* *I want so desperately for that to be true.* *"I'm a lizard person."* *She opens her mouth, but closes it. She looks in my eyes, and sees that I am serious.* *"What?"* *I tell her. I tell her how you can't change on command, except for when you are in the presence of a loved one. I tell her how hard it's been, the struggle of knowing no one else is like her. I tell her how when I am with her, all that disappears.* *"Change, then," she whispers.* *"What?"* *"If you love me, you can change, can't you?"* *I close my eyes, and think of nothing but nights like this, laying on the hood of her dented Corolla, looking up and trying to find a meaning in the stars.* *I feel my body change, my skin harden, my tail emerge. I don't open my eyes, because I am so scared. I don't open my eyes for a long time, because of her silence. I want her to say something, anything...* *When I open my eyes, she is gone.* Ever since then, even ten years later, loneliness, this otherness, has hung over me like a shroud. I've depended on it, leaned into it, used it as an armor against the pain, being different. So what to do now, with someone who might actually be like me? What can they know about me? Will they have any sort of answers to the questions I've never been able to answer? - I knock on his door. His house is dark inside, but eventually, I hear whispers, and then steps. "Mike?" I ask. "What is it, man? Can't sleep? I knew we shouldn't have smoked sativa tonight." "No. I mean, yes, I can't sleep, but...I have something to tell you too." "What is it?" "I'm...a lizard person too." He looks around, and then says, "Come inside." He leads me to his living room, and then pats me on the shoulder, and leaves. "He's all yours, my queen," he says as he leaves. And then I see her. She is human, at first. I walk towards her, unable to believe it's really her. She stands up, and walks towards me. She looks me right in my eyes, and my hands go slack. "I want you to see this." She closes her eyes, and transforms. I am speechless, for a multitude of reasons, but primarily at her beauty. "Why? Why did you leave?" I ask finally, when she opens her eyes and looks at me, vulnerable. "Why didn't you ever tell me you were...like me?" "You were in danger," she says. "And you don't have to believe me, but if you ever believed I love you, listen to me now. We have to go, tonight." "What?" "Please. You can't know the risk I went through to be here tonight. But...Mike told me about your drinking, your loneliness, and I couldn't stay away any longer." I look into her eyes, and say nothing. "Well?" she says. "Say something." "Let's go." - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 