
Anubis clears his throat and attempts to regain composure "Well, this was unexpected... So, um.... did you by any chance bring your own feather along?" "No I just believed in this religion." "Alright. Our underworld has a name and just one entrance. What are they?" "Wa!? Why would I know that? I didn't expect to die yet!" "Fine. Answer this then. How long is life?" "Mine was 23 years." "Wrong! Life is eternal. Age matters not. You know, for a so called believer you're not doing so hot buddy. Last one, do you believe in reincarnation, the rebirth of the soul anew?" You pause mulling this over. Instictively you want to say no as you think of all those ancient kings mummified with their treasures... but it seems as if Anubis is throwing you a life line at this moment so you risk it. "Yes?" Anubis brightens up "OK! One out of three, not great but I can work with that. It does mean your soul will skip the previous two steps that are meant to purify and elevate it. But, anything is better than being stuck in limbo right? Let just reincarnate you as is with all your beliefs intact." A flash of white blinds you. You can actually feel the flesh forming around your soul and struggle to move. Your limbs hit a wall which startles you, have you been imprisoned? You panic and start beating at the walls as hard as you can. Finally you feel a crack form, you focus all your energy on that one spot. Pushing and shoving with all your might until finally you break a part of it free. An odd sensation of warmth calls out to you from the outside. It's so dark though so you can't determine where you are. Doubling your efforts you finally break free of your prison. You must be underground so you start digging your way through the muck at random. It's so warm here that you are tempted to stay but the instinct to fill your lungs with fresh air pushes you to keep going. As you make your break to the outside you take in a deep breath. You've made it. Sweet air all around you. The sun warming your body to the core. I new day, a fresh start. You turn around and look at the round lump of dung that housed your egg. More and more of your beetle brothers are emerging from it. How marvelous and perfect it is. An instinct deep inside of you urges to create something just as wonderful and you set out to fulfill it. 