
I heard the gentle noise of his mythical scythe slicing the rope that held my lifeless body. I brusquely fell head first into the tall refreshing grass, a soft breeze caressed my skin. "If you weren't here I wouldn't believe i'm dead." I said as I stood up and removed the dirt from my arms. Death didn't say a word, instead he turned to me and slowly placed his skull centimeters away from mine, shadowing my whole frame. His hollow eyes gazed at me for what felt like an eternity until he finally spoke: "Life and Death aren't topics to joke about." He said, his voice was hoarse and full of pain, darkness gushed from it's mouth. "It's time, follow me." He swung his towering tremuluos scythe lacerating the flesh of time itself. Colossal cuts leading to new planes laid in front of me. We walked in. An ominous forest pervaded with rotten trees and lost souls greeted us. "Do they ever shut up?" I asked as I covered my ears alluding to the constant screams of excruciating pain. "Walk, don't blink, don't talk." He said, monotonously as we made our way through the dense fog. Dim incandescent lights coming from weird oil lamps signaled the baleful path that we were following. The constant uneasy sound of fragile bone breaking with our steps sent shivers down my dead spine. Death suddenly stopped and turned to me. "Inside the church in front of us you a gate will open that will lead you to Heaven but beware, every lost soul in this place will try to take your place, they will play tricks and fool you. My scythe will stop the majority but not all. Good luck." He patted my back three times, his voice sounded friendly this time. With every step I took the trees slowly faded away leaving nothing but wastelands surrounding the church, the screams got increasingly intense and many lost souls rushed against me. Death swung his scythe protecting me until I opened the oak doors of the black church. "I will hold them, becareful inside!" He screamed. I could feel the souls stomping against the walls. Shiny marble, towering vitrils, golden pews and mesmerizing paintings decorated the impeccable inside of this place. It was empty, or so I thought before I heard a little girl crying from inside the confessionaire. "It's everything okay?" I said softly yet my voice echoed across the place. The little girl came running to me with her head down, I could see the tears splashing against the floor, she hugged my knee tightly. "Why did you do it?" She screamed. "Why did I do what?" I said, startled. She lifted her head up and our eyes met. I started to tremble incontrollably, those brown eyes, that pink dress, that curly dark hair, that voice. "Why did you leave me and made do this?" She lift her head to the ceiling revealing a large cut across her tiny throat. "Why did you make me do this, dad? Why?" She held my leg tighter and tighter. "I... I did it for you and your mother. You deserved a better life, it was the only way out." I stuttered, a river meandered across my face as I hugged her like the day I decided to take my own life. Suddenly, the organ started playing and a shimmering golden door appeared in the altar. "Goodbye daddy, one day we will meet in Heaven." She said letting my knee go. I took a deep breath, "take my place princess, I don't deserve it." Her eyes sparkled, "are you sure dad?" "Yes, hurry up sweety." I said as my smile met my salty tears. "I will see you soon daddy, I love you." She said, gently wiping off both our tears. As she ran to the gate my non-beating heart skipped a beat, the birthmark on her left leg was missing. I was too emotionally overwhelmed to stop and think that she wasn't my daughter and now it was too late, she was about to go through the door. Abruptly, a strong sharp wind dishevelled my hair and cut her in two halves. I turned to the oak doors and Death was standing holding his imposing scythe. "Run stupid mortal." ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you enjoyed it please consider checking out my subreddit /r/chasisoxidado for more. 