
The air stinks of false pleasantries. Around a table, representatives of the mightiest empire the galaxy had ever known sits across from the upstarts in the Sol system. A cybernetically enhanced group of humanoid creatures bearing a striking resemblance to the species of emperors and empresses. Only a primary difference in skin color and texture, slightly metallic as a natural evolution to a heavily radiated environment. A human delegation rises and give bows of feigned respect. They have something they call a United Nations governing their systems and colonies, making communicative talks difficult. Too many humans have too many different forms of power. No way to isolate and eliminate their leadership. Their defining characteristic a hatred among their species for different beliefs, governments, even skin colors. But all humans share one common attribute. An intense hatred of all alien races. The way they see it, humans would rather wipe out all opposing life, in order to focus on kill each other. Can't exactly blame them. The empire hadn't made a peaceful first contact. The empress rises and gives a slight nod. Her generals and entourage fume, such respect is unworthy of such an entitled race. Humans are fickle. Loud, violent, loving, hopeful, arrogant, intelligent, idiotic. No one set of morals defines them. Nearly limitless resources, ships, armies, planets and systems kneel before her throne. Every other race would bow and scrape, awed at the magnificence of the Imperial Fleet and the limitless might of the Empire. Not the humans. There is silence. Neither side aims to move first. The empress waves a hand. A signal. A smartly dressed General rises, puffs out his chest, and reads into a translator. "We are willing to discuss terms for an armistice." Stone faced humans. No emotions from them, and no body language to express any kind of reaction. Perhaps the electronics make them unable to feel. A human stands and speaks into his translator, as another moves a document towards the imperial delegation. One rises to take it, and opens it before the Empress. "We have terms. They are non-negotiable." The Empress can sense the fury of her generals, some of their arms quiver with rage. Their teeth are clenched, eyes narrowed. She reads the terms. Immediate cessation of all conflict. Tributes of various sorts, technological, material, financial. Trade policies specifically benefiting human settlements. Surrender of nearly four dozen star systems near their Sol system. Dissolution of the Empire. She makes a brief comment and the General stands again, speaking into that black box. If he grips it any harder it will shatter. "We cannot agree to the dissolution of the empire." The humans stand in unison, sighing as if they've heard a terrible joke. "Either agree to the terms, or we will employ them by force." The aliens rise. It is futile, true. Human weapons are too precise, their drones vastly outnumbering her own pilots. Every ship in her invincible army outclassed and outgunned. But she had her pride. She turned to leave, condemning her people to death. Humans would talk about the first contact war as a minor spat. Ancient cultures ground into dust by their own hands. None had pity for the dead. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 