
"I can't do this again," the nurse whispered to me, her eyes glazed and almost vacant. A severely wounded man was carried into the makeshift hospital and placed on to a plinth-supported stretcher. The tent billowed like a newspaper - maybe from the wind, or perhaps from the bombs that fell like metal rain outside. They were getting closer; we couldn't stay here much longer. "I can't tell another man he's going to die. That we have to-" "I know," I said, as I fumbled with the packet of mints inside my pocket. It was mostly wrapper and I was grateful to find the single remaining pebble hidden in its heart. "Here," I said as I handed it to her. She looked at me curiously. "It helps," I assured her. "He won't know when you... tell him what he *needs* to hear." The man had lost most of a leg and his insides wrapped around him like a soggy red scarf. Perhaps if we had time and better facilities, we could save him - or at least prolong his life. But we *didn't* have time. We had to leave. The bombs were creeping closer. If we died, then so would hundreds of others. We had to help the man in the only manner we could. He was still conscious, but raving in a delirious manner. Judith readied the sodium thiopental in a syringe. At least his pain would be over soon. Judith popped the breath mint into her mouth and sucked on it for a moment before walking over to him. Even in his state, his eyes widened in terror. Perhaps some kind of atavistic fear of needles cut through to his conscious mind, bringing with them a primal response to the sight of the fang-like needle. "Don't worry," Judith cooed with a shaky reassurance. "This will help you feel bet-" The blast knocked me off the ground and my head slammed into the dirt floor. I lost consciousness for perhaps a minute. When I got back to my feet, I saw Judith lying prone on the other side of the tent. A growing pool of dark was still forming around her shape, and as I drew near, I saw the scalpel that protruded from her heart. My whispered prayers were interrupted by whimpers from the man on the improvised table. He was in severe pain. I had to help him. It took me a minute to find the syringe; it lay on the floor under a stream of unrolled bandages. I can't say I was glad I found it, but I knew what *had* to be done. After a moments hesitation, I picked it up and approached the man. I gently stroked his sticky black hair while my other hand fidgeted with the empty mint wrapper in my pocket. "You're going to be okay." The lie came with practised ease, but I longed for a mint to stop my breath turning rancid. "You're going to get better," I whispered as I readied the syringe with a tap. He looked at me with large, hopeful eyes - like that of a dog on the promise of a walk. My breath washed over him, and yet... he didn't flinch. I sniffed the air in front of me. The stench of festering meat and sour milk that should have been present, wasn't. I sniffed again before staring at the man, mouth agape. I heard the sound of the syringe hitting the floor. "You're going to be okay," I repeated, my breath remaining impossibly innocuous. "I have no idea how, but-" I began laughing, "You're going to be okay!" I carefully picked him up and, as tears crawled down my face, I carried him out of the tent. --- /r/nickofnight 