
"Uncle Terry why does my skin feel funny?" Timmy asked staring at his hands. *Shit.* "And why are the walls melting?" Timmy was staring wide eyed at the wall. "It's okay buddy. Those bears were magical! Like the candy from that book you like." "Like in Harry Potter?" "Yeah just like in Harry Potter. But because you aren't a wizard it's having some pretty gnarly side effects." "I'M NOT A WIZARD?" Timmy screamed. "Nope, nope, sorry, you ARE a wizard! And this is just you seeing into the realm of magic." "Watch out Uncle Terry the floor is lava!" "Oh no!" Terry said dramatically and jumped onto the couch next to Timmy. "The couch is safe Timmy, the magic realm can't get you if you stay on the couch. Try to close your eyes and imagine happy things, like puppies." Timmy shut his eyes for a second and thought about puppies. Cute, adorable, fluffy puppies running free in a field of wild flowers. "Come run with us Timmy! Tee hee!" Timmy had never heard a dog say "tee hee" but he just assumed they were also magical creatures! Timmy leapt off the couch and began to run around the living room chasing invisible puppies. "Dodged a bullet on that one," Terry said happily to himself as he watched Timmy run around with a huge smile on his face. "Wait, what's happening?" Timmy asked horrified. Dark storm clouds rolled over the field of wild flowers. Lightning forked from the clouds piercing the ground sending shockwaves through the field. "THE PUPPIES!!" Timmy screamed falling to the floor on his hands and knees trying desperately to put the puppies into a basket. "Quick get the puppies to the couch! It's safe there!" "Help me get the puppies!" Timmy sobbed as he reached out and picked up another invisible pup. Terry knelt next to Timmy and scooped up a handful of puppies and put them in the wicker basket. "That's all of them! Hurry to the couch!" Terry tossed Timmy up onto the couch and threw a blanket over his head. "This is the magic cloak of protection, nothing can harm you or the puppies if you're under it!" "Th-thanks Uncle Terry. Magic is pretty scary," Timmy mumbled. "Yeah it is. You just stay under there for a while I'm going to get you some water." As Terry returned from the kitchen with a cup of water the front door opened. "James! You're home early!" "Yeah traffic sucked we decided to not go to the show," James said. "Okay bro, before Cindy comes in, there's a little problem," Terry whispered. "What problem?" Cindy asked pushing past James into her house. "Oh I just have to leave early is all. Have a wonderful night!" Terry said in a rush and sped out of the door nearly sprinting to his car. He slammed the car door and could hear Cindy's piercing scream through the window. *Well, guess I won't be babysitting for a while.* --- Thanks for reading! Check out /r/Written4Reddit for more stories! 