
"Mom you're such a colossal bitch to literally everybody, I have no idea how we're related." "And I blame you for ruining my life and if you weren't around I'd have divorced your father years ago." "I've been fucking Mary down the street." "I know, I've been with mike from the office for a year." It was twelve or so since people stopped having a filter, and somehow society had only mildly collapsed. Sure the governments all revealed how corrupt they were, but so did a lot of companies, places like wal-mart admited that they kept wages low because they wanted more money and would totally hire slaves if it was legal. Which shocked absolutely no one. It was like the collective filfth the entire world had been ignoring for the past two centuries had just shifted right in front of them. And as a whole society turned a collective 180 degrees and went right back to ignoring it. Sure a lot of good came about it. Oil companies and their representatives admitted that Climate change was real and that oil was a leading cause of it. But they later announced they would try and find a solution, and that the only reason they were doing that was to try and keep public opinion of them high after that. It was mostly on a personal level where things got a bit... fresh. My facebook feed was absolutely filled to the brim with break up posts and new couples coming together, some starting because others ended. In a way, it was a blessing. "Yo Asshole, don't just stand there smiling like a creep, pay for your shit and get out." The formerly cheerful and always smiling cashier girl said to me. The smile was still on her face but there was a vicious sneer to it that just felt right. It was so nice when people spoke their mind. I smiled again swiping my card and collecting my food - "That stuff makes you fat by the way." - before heading out into the parking lot where people were doing their best to not make eye contact with anybody else less they start swearing at each other. A baby cried followed by a crisp chorus of. "Shut the fuck up!" one of which probably came from the mother. Hard to tell she looked like the typical young mother skank that didn't quite know who the father was and would go out of her way to make father's day about her. Honestly, this thing had been so entertaining that I couldn't help but smile. It was such a blessing for a mute like me. Unfortunately, it's really awkward to do basic things when you're constantly flipping everything off. 