
Eli grunted, cracking the scorched earth with his trowel. Each scoop fell in place in a neat pile, and every pile reminded him of what he lost in the fire. He could have worn gloves, but he wanted the ash and grit to cover his wrinkled hands. The black grains wedged between the cracks in his fingernails and smarted on the scratches down his palms. He liked the feeling. The pain reminded him that he was still human. Grimacing, he placed another bulb in the small divot. It was one of many, possibly the fourth or fifth hundred bulb since he started planting in the morning. He could use some help. But everyone he knew was long gone--either dead or dying--suffocating from the smog and smoke that poisoned the sky. While the others fled for the stars, he alone endured. Summer sweat ran down his brow and stung his eyes, but he couldn't wipe it away. The heat was all-encompassing. It toasted the air into a thick, heavy mat that stunk of worms and clay. He looked up, staring at the blackened branches of the oak tree that once gave his garden shade--but no longer--the fire had seen to that. He sighed, dreaming of fried onions and sizzling porkchops. Then he waddled on his sore knees towards the next plot of earth. Six inches over--six inches down--and one more bulb from the bucket. It was the only thing keeping him sane. "Ow!" He smacked his wrists. An ant curled and twitched in its death throes. "What the hell?" he said. He looked around, noticing a neat line of ants scurrying towards him. Suddenly they stopped, clumped together, and formed the shape of an arrow. They pointed towards the trunk of the oak tree, wiggling their antenna in a horribly captivating, slightly ominous motion. The cicadas started to sing. The hair on the nape of his neck stood on end. Crickets joined the chorus. The chirp of insects--hitherto silent--grew to a crescendo. The ants increased their wiggling, and moved with a fervor, scuttling towards the tree. Eli wondered if he was going insane, after all. "I'm not crazy," he said, pinching himself. The ants still marched in formation. Eli rose, brushing the dirt away from his threadbare shorts. "I'm not crazy!" He walked towards the ants. They were small and plump and purple, like little spiteful raisins with legs. He wondered for a moment if they would taste good sauteed in butter. Then he remembered he hadn't seen a living cow in a decade, and the smile dropped from his face. He followed the ant-arrow dutifully. They led Eli towards the back of the tree. Here, a small sapling poked through the soil. Its bold green leaves spoke of a promise of better days; Eli remembered nearly crying when he first saw the shoot poke from the ground. The ants built their nest around this beacon of green--but it wasn't the nest that interested Eli--It was the pentagram of ants arranged beside it. The queen stood in the center, larger and fatter than all the other ants. And like a strange, eight-bit display, the ants spelled out one word: "*ELI"* "I'm not crazy," Eli said. His hands started to shake, and a lump formed in his throat. "I'm not crazy. My name is Elijah and I am the last survivor of the Great Fire. I'm not crazy. I am fifty-two years old and I am not crazy." The ants shifted. *"The soil calls to us."* Eli took a step back. "What do you want?" *"The soil is receptive."* "I-I don't understand! What do you want?" The voices of the insects rose again, then stopped all at once. An eerie silence covered the empty field while the ants drew their message. *"Many hands make light work."* All at once, the cicadas hummed once. The crickets chirped. The ants waved their bodies. It happened once, then twice, then three times in quick succession. Eli fell back to the ground, crawling away. He wrapped his head in his hands and started breathing heavily. He wasn't crazy, he told himself. How could he be? *"The queen wakes from her slumber."* Eli sobbed. "Please, stop." *"The queen needs a steward. You are the steward."* He clutched his hair in matted tangles, screaming, "What do you want with me!" The air once again quieted. The ants froze. The queen ant climbed to the top of the oak sapling, while the ants below spelled out their message, *"We will help you."* Eli's gaze shifted back to the bucket of bulbs sitting nearby. He saw, incredulously, a swarm of insects. They came towards the buckets: spiders, ants, crickets, cicadas. Hundreds and hundreds of insects all came together, and Eli watched them lift a single bulb from the bucket. Working quickly, the insects planted the bulb deep into the soil. Eli turned back towards the ants, wide-eyed and speechless as they spelled out one last message. *"Gaia will be reborn."* &#x200B; *** More stories about ants at r/BLT_WITH_RANCH 