
I walk across the street, to the mysterious drive through lined up with seemingly empty cars. As I sneak behind the last car in the line, I not only notice that the cars are, indeed, empty but also that the cars are not making any noise, even when they move. As soon as I get near, however, the line stops moving. The cars are silent and still, and I gather what is remaining of my courage and walk to the place where the food is supposed to be picked up. A window separates me from the inside, and where an employee is to be handing out food is occupied by pure darkness. Even the light coming out of the McDonald's sign cannot seem to penetrate the darkness. It emits an odd, terrifying aura and I begin to shiver uncontrollably. Just when I am turning around, attempting to leave, a faint figure appears at the corner of vision and I turn back to look inside. I see nothing and tell myself that I must have seen a reflection of myself. And then abruptly out of nowhere a man - if you can even call 'it' that - appears right in front of me and grabs my arm. First, the sense of fear and shock floods me and I shake off the faint, deformed hand of the creature and start running back home. Then I feel an overwhelmingly painful burn on my arm where it grabbed me by. I find that the part of my arm has turned white, as if someone had poured flour on it. I rush into my house and immediately call 911. To my terror, the phone does not work and I rush to my car to head over to the local police station only a few blocks away. I put the key into the car and step on the accelerator as hard as I can. The car does not move. I stomp on it like a maniac, completely filled with fear and confusion. When I try to leave the car, I find out that the car is locked and start banging on the window. I expect a loud sound of the window shattering, but instead I hear nothing. Not even a sound of smashing. I look at my arm again and notice that the whiteness has been replaced by faintness. I could see through the arm that the monster grabbed and the same faintness was spreading to the rest of the body. I begin banging on the window again, and the harder I hit, the fainter my body gets. The car abruptly starts itself and begins moving. It drives me across the street to the drive through. It stops at the end of the line of empty cars. I look in the rear-view mirror and see nothing. I turn the mirror around, desperately looking for myself but there is nothing inside the car. I have become nothing. Suddenly the cursed, deformed creature appears at the passenger seat. It turns its foul head around and stares at me. It gives me a demented smile and whispers to me. *Welcome.* 