
Forty-three years. That's all I got with her. I've seen empire rise and collapse, I've seen the world drown in flood water and flowers grow when it receded millenniums later. Forty-three years wasn't enough time for a heartbeat and yet, that's all the world gave me. That's all Sasha had. She had approached me at the height of my power when a single one of my black wings could block out the sun. And unlike any human before her, she neither ran nor screamed. Instead, she looked up toward me, her lips quivering and knees trembling, but her scarlet eyes unwavering. "Lucifer," she had demanded. "I want to make a deal." A great many men had wanted to make deals with me. Some noble, most selfish. But she had been the first to deal for my sake. Whereas humans had avoided me like the Black Death I had created, she had asked I remain with her until her death. "That could be right now," I had told her, my lips curled into a sinister grin. But she had only shrugged. "Then you'll be missing out." "On what?" And with a predatory grin, she had answered, "me." Never before had I met a human with such confidence. My heart had skipped as I stared into her eyes, looking for signs of weakness. She had wielded a certainty that even the most powerful being on Earth could not claim. Now she laid in our bed, a beeping heart machine singing increasingly slower notes. Years ago her skin had lost its smooth complexion like someone had taken it and crumpled it up before returning it to her. She had lost her youthful skip and even getting up to use the restroom left her out of breath. The only thing that remained were those unwavering red eyes. "You don't have to do this," I told her, holding back the waterworks. Fallen angels had no business crying. "Please, a few more years, just one or two. Please!" Nor did they begging. My eyes teared up. Sasha smiled back and shook her head. "I'm scared of death," she told me. "But I've always faced my fears head on. How do you think I met you?" "It wouldn't take anything," I told her. "I could give you a million years." "And I wouldn't want them." I clenched my fists and black flames sprouted from my palms. "Why Sasha?" I squeaked. "Why won't you stay with me?" "Because I love you," she whispered. "Don't give me that bullshit!" I screamed back in a baritone voice I hadn't used in forty-three years. "If you loved me--" "Quiet." I shut up. A fragile smile broke her lips. "I've never run away from anything before and I won't run away from this. If I started avoiding all the things I feared, I wouldn't be me. Would you still want me?" The flames in my hand simmered to smoke. "The world's scared of me dying too," she said, nodding out the window to the line of tanks surrounding our house. "They think it's the only thing keeping you from them." They were right to be scared. Before I met Sasha, I had nearly wiped them out. "If I could," she continued, "I'd make you swear not to hurt them no matter what. But life belongs to the living. I won't have you live for my memory. Forty years, to you, must be a single breath's worth of time. I've only known you for a single breath, but I trust you, Lucy." A choked laugh escaped me. Lucy. Had anyone else called me that, I'd spawn flames from inside their body. But my laughs were short-lived, replaced by tears swelling in my eyes. Despite my best efforts, they leaked out and for the first time in my life, I uttered a pathetic cry followed by an even more pathetic wail. "I'm scared," I admitted. "What do I do now?" "You did just fine without me before," she whispered. Even conversation had begun to drain her strength. "Do something that makes you happy." I tried responding, but couldn't push the words out. Truth was, that's what I've been trying to do for all my existence. I had experienced every vice and pleasure in the world. Yet, none did the trick. Not like Sasha had. "I can feel it," she muttered in barely a whisper. "It's coming." She was right. I could see her life spilling from her body. I had only a few minutes left. A crack sounded. The house exploded in a ball of fire that incinerated everything it touched. Forty years of reducing my power to that of a human had left me slow to react. I just stood inside it, wide-eyed and jaw gaped. "Sasha?" But I already knew there'd be no answer. The world had certainly been scared, so much so that they had launched a pre-emptive strike. Black flames sprouted from all around me. I just stood there, staring at the spot of vapor that used to be her. I had only minutes left. To an immortal, those were shorter than a blink. But those were the only minutes I ever cared for. My dark wings unfurled. --- --- /r/jraywang for 5+ stories a week and nearly 200 already written! 