
"What hast thou left, *Savior*," Villain said in a mocking tone. For seven days and seven nights, Savior had attempted to rid this world of a threat that would bring darkness to the skys, molten rock to the lands, and fire to the waters. There had been nothing he had not tried. Whether it was fire, flaming torrents and meteors from the heavens. Water in its tidal waves of hundreds of feet. Wind in the form of the greatest tornados to tear through any continent. Earth, that too failed to harm this evil thing. He found himself on his knees, hands pressed onto the ground for support. Sweat dribbling down his mud stained face. Looking up, he saw the horrific figure before him, he was tall in height. Yet, nothing like a human. Face smooth, made of metal reflecting Savior's defeated image. The only feature was that of a mouth filled with needles bringing phantom pains as it had torn through his body more than once. Struggling to get up, Savior, as he had been called since he took this mantle, had a sad face as tears began to crawl down his cheeks. He cried not for how hopeless the situation looked, but rather how hopeless the future seemed. Not for others, no. His own looked bleak and short, minutes at most. Taking a deep breath he resigned himself to his fate, what was one life for that of billions. Nothing, a price worth paying. Though he hoped his legacy would survive this apocalypse. "I have one more thing, Villain. A certain power I have deemed too powerful even for The Dragons of Aryon," Savior said as he raised his hand shakily. "It is death to the very reality we exist in, I had hoped it would not come to this," he continued as a green flame flickered into reality on his raised palm. Villain scoffed as he saw the flame. Then cackled, his laugh similar to nails on a board. Grating on the ears. "Fire, again? Hasth thou not failed thrice at this?" Smiling, though it did not reach his eyes, Savior shook his head. Hidden to the Villain was the irrational struggle of Savior's own body. Trying to force him away from the green fire, subconsciously. But, he held his position firmly. "You don't understand, do you? Let me enlighten you as a last favor, for the days we have battled," The flame coalesced into a ball of wavering fire as it slowly rose up in the air between them. Its green color coated the surroundings as it pulsed on then off. It shook incredibly, attempting to wrestle control from Savior, but he was steadfast. "What if I told you, the very reality for leagues around would distort, burn in a cold flame. The very lands dying, becoming shattered glass. What would happen to our fragile bodies?" Savior said as he stepped forward like he was pushing a boulder up a hill. Villian in response, had his perpetual smirk gone, in its place was a mouth opened wide. Head swiveling in search for an escape. It dawned on him as he felt the world freeze for just a second. The fires had stopped crackling, the falling avalanches stuck in mid-air. The crashing waves and howling winds, all but forgotten. Reaching a climax, the green orb of flames fell faster and faster as Savior struggled to control it, lest it fly in a random direction. Seeing it fall, Villain turned to run in panic, but he was too slow, his power failing him at the very end. When the orb landed, their was no sound, just a mushroom of smoke and green flames. It rushed as far as possible, reaching and grasping for more life to take. It took three months for it to clear. In its wake, it left two glass statues at its epicentre surrounded by a lifeless wasteland. The air and ground a sickly green color. Eternally frozen in a fate destined from the beginning. Savior was in his last position, pushing a boulder up a hill. On the other hand, Villain was on the ground with a fear sticken face. A hand tring to stop the flames, yet there was nothing he could have done. Savior had used a forbidden element, he had used Uranium-238. r/JuggernautProductions 