
"Took you long enough," spoke the tallest of the three creatures. He was slender, with thin limbs that ended in claw like appendages. Like the other two behind him, lightning seemed to coil around him from feet to his shoulders, sparkling with volatile, menacing intensity. "Today you stop crawling at a miserably slow pace through the annals of time, and learn to walk. Even run, if you find it in you. For centuries we have waited with bated breath for you to discover the doorway to the home of the Ascended; the Enlightened. Today, we mark the auspicious beginnings of a new relationship. Today, we unilaterally decide to take the hatchlings under our wing and teach them how to fly. We only have one question; before we set off, we sensed new developments in your realm. Tell us what has changed at this very location, and allow us show you the wisdom of ages." Hannah Belmont smiled warmly at the lightning cloaked man. "You walk into our homes, without invitation, and you call us babies. I find that presumption to be... infantile. I must credit you for finding out that things have changed. You see, the Black Hole you saw us observing is 55 million light years away. Even with faster than light travel, it would take you an awfully long time to get here, and it did. That year was 2019. This day, is in 4742. You are gazing upon the Large Hadron CollidorX6. I admit it, it did take us kids a lot of time to make out toys work. But when we did finally realize our infinite potential, you were already on your way here; intertwined with the highly flexible fabric of time. Back in 2019, we were infants. Maybe even today, we are only children. But we discovered the God particle. We learnt how to open black holes and close them at our behest. Our nuclear arsenal can now obliterate targets in galaxies we cannot even see. You see, humankind's will exceeds their imaginations. Your arrogance shut your minds off to the crucial process of learning. Education, is eternal; without it, you stop growing. These children never forgot that." The three men looked utterly flabbergasted by these horrific developments. The tallest creature was the first to regain its composure. "Very well. You clearly have no interest in collaborative innovation. We shall take our leave and return to our dimension." Belmont's laugh rang loud and clear in the horrified minds of the creatures. "Oh, I'm sorry. The Black Hole you came out of has now been closed. There is no way for you to return home." "Preposterous!" screamed the tall creature. "Without us, the Ascended, the Enlightened, there is no future!" Belmont allowed herself another smug grin. "We have a saying on this planet - Children are the future." r/whiteshadowthebook 