
Ping. 'Hi, my name is Julie and I've been married to my husband Paul for twelve years. Thing have been off in my marriage recently and I can't help but feel that my husband hasn't been acting himself. I never thought I'd be the person to do this, but could you investigate his whereabouts this weekend? I'm out of town and can't shake the horrible feeling that he ... well, you know. I've attached our home address. Please get back to me asap. Thanks, Julie.' Gene sighed as he read the email. He'd read hundreds like these before and unfortunately most of them turned out to be right. Ping. 'Two in one night? Strange.' 'I understand that you are a private investigator and I want you to follow my wife this weekend. She's away on a business trip, or so she says, but I think she's seeing someone else. I'll forward you where she'll be later. All I want is some evidence or something so I know I'm making the right decision if I do make it. Her name is Julie, and I'm Paul.' *This* was unusual. Gene scrambled out of bed, collecting all of the necessary gear on autopilot. Before he knew it, he was outside Paul's place, it only seemed fair to go there since Julie emailed first. The only light came from the living room and Paul was alone, staring blankly at the television screen with a beer in hand. Nothing untoward so far, but it was only 6pm. About an hour later, Paul picked up his phone. 'And so it begins...' Gene readied the parabolic microphone and tape as Paul started to pace around the room. 'Hey, it's me.' Paul's tone was uncertain, and it seemed he was rehearsing his lines before the call. Classic indication of an affair. 'I really want to see you tonight. I ... I need you more than I ever did. I can't wait any longer.' Paul threw the phone across the room; he must have changed his mind. This wasn't proof enough yet, so Gene had his camera zoom into Paul's phone to see who he had planned on calling. He was surprised by the name displayed clearly across the screen. Juliewifey. 'Was not expecting that.' Julie's hotel room was easy to find, it wasn't too far out of town and there was a cheap motel across the way. Gene's gut was telling him that Paul was faithful, and he knew that if Julie wasn't it wouldn't matter much either way. Plus, he was still getting paid double for the one job. Julie was also alone, and she was crying. 'I just don't know what to *do.* I miss him so much and I don't think he even cares, it's like he's not even here.' Julie paused. 'I know, I know. I'll let you know how it turns out obviously, I just wish...' Gene had seen enough. Paul was still alone, and the phone was in the same place he had left it. He was confused when the doorbell rang, and even more confused when he found nobody there but instead a cassette tape wrapped in brown paper. Julie started at the knock on the hotel door and hung up the phone. She opened the door to an identical tape on the floor. 'I think you both needed to hear this from each other. Kindest regards, Gene.' 