
"Hello, hello!" a familiar voice called as I stepped up the final few steps. "If it isn't our newest tenant!" The cheerful older gentleman who I'd decided was fit to be my landlord came ambling through the doorway. With each step he made, his slippers squeaked slightly, almost in tune with his smile. "Yes. I have arrived. Thank you for the warm greeting." I smiled as well. "Korvik, right?" he asked, eying me up and down, his gaze stopping momentarily on the small suitcase I carried. I nodded to confirm my name. "Is that... is that all you brought?" I glanced down to the small brown suitcase in my hand and did my best to shrug. "Yes. I do not pack very heavily, and I do not own much that would be acceptable to use down here anyway." My landlord eyed me, his smile fading for a moment. But it returned only a moment later with full force as he broke out laughing. "Amazing," he said. "You'll fit right in." I curled my lips only the slightest bit so that he wasn't the only one smiling. That small response brought more laughter out of the man and he patted me on the back rapidly as he led me from the stairwell and into the hall. After going down about half of the hallway, he stopped. "Okay, so your room is 3D, but 3A, 3B, and 3C are all occupied as well." His voice hushed a few tones. "These are the unusual tenants I was telling you about. They aren't exactly 'normal human' types, you know?" I nodded, not changing my expression at all. First, the landlord knocked on the door labeled 3A. "Roco! Open up!" he screamed. The door swung open only a moment later, revealing seemingly nothing behind. "What do you want, old man?" a squeaky voice asked. My eyes widened and I followed the cheerful man's gaze down to the floor where a raccoon was standing on two legs. "Oh, hello," I said. The raccoon took a step back, squinting at me furiously. "Who's this?" it asked, waving an unsure finger in my direction. "This is Korvik, the new tenant." The raccoon's eyes narrowed further. "Oh, alright. Nice to meet you... Korvik, was it?" I nodded. The raccoon scoffed. "What a stupid name. Anyway, nice to meet you and I'm sure we'll get along if you just stay out of my business." "Thank y--" I started, but the raccoon had already slammed the door. There was silence for a few seconds. Then my landlord started laughing again. "Yup, that's Roco," he said. I nodded. "Indeed it was." My landlord's head jerked backward and he squinted at me. "You seem to be taking this well." "Yes, well I find it quite interesting." His lips parted again, a comment on his tongue, but he just shrugged and nodded again, leading me along down the hall. Within the next few seconds, the door to apartment 3B was already swinging open. "Bane!" the cheerful gentleman exclaimed. The person--or rather, the *werewolf* standing in the doorway barely lifted his eyes, sniffling. "What is it? I'm not feeling so well." he crooned. "I'm just introducing a new--" "Whooooo is this?" the werewolf, presumably named Bane, howled. "This is the new tenant," my landlord cut in. "As I was saying, I'm introducing him to--" My landlord tried to continue but he was cut off yet again. This time because the whimpering werewolf has actually started crying. "Awwwhooooo," he bellowed, tears running down his fur. "It's nice... to meet yoouuuuu." Beside me, the normally cheerful gentleman was rolling his eyes and waiting for the chance to talk again. But really, that chance never came as Bane's crying grew heavier and he shut the door right in our face. "And there he goes. Well, that should give you a good idea of Bane... let's move on." Less than a minute later, the door to apartment 3C was opening up. "Whatdoyouwant?" came a shrill, rapid voice. My landlord cringed, but I just tilted my head. "Hello," I said. The twitchy human woman squinted at me. "Hi," she said quickly before turning to our landlord. "Hey. Hey. Hey. Whoisthis?" "Carla!" he said, making her lean backward. "Yepppppp, that's me. What's up?" My head tilted further. "Hello. I am Korvik, a new tennant." Her eyes widened. "Ohhhh, a newperson. How nice. Nice. Nice." I just tried my hand at smiling, parting my lips again in an attempt to speak. I, however, was promptly cut off. "How'didya get here?" "I had to find a place. My parents did not let them cohabitate any--" Carla sniffed, straightening. And a second later, I smelled it too. The distinct stench of smoke. "Nicetomeetyou," she called behind her before racing inside and shutting the door. "Goodbye," I said, marking the end of that interaction. My landlord just rolled his eyes and chuckled softly to himself, leading me off to the fourth anf final door. "And this is your apartment," my landlord said as we approached a door labeled 3D. "Thank you," I said, nodding to the man as I pushed past him and opened my door. "None of the other tenants uh, freaked you out or anything, did they?" To that, I didn't respond. Instead, I only imitated my earlier smile and rushed inside. Once alone, a large breath fell from my lips as my body relished in relief. My skin felt loose and my flesh ached. It had been a long day. Putting down my suitcase and checking out the cramped, studio apartment, I couldn't help thinking about my landlord's question. A chuckle slipped between my human lips. No, I wasn't freaked out by any of the tenants in the building. In fact, I found them all quite charming. Who was I to judge if they weren't exactly what society would call a 'normal human?' After all, I thought, unzipping my humanoid skinsuit. Neither was I. --- /r/Palmerranian 