
######[](#dropcap) "Sorry about that. We simply misjudged the number of days." The scientist gave Thomas a bland smile. He gestured to the pile of cookies on the table, then clicked his pen. "Please, eat some while we talk. We'd like to debrief you quickly before we let you out, and we'll give you an extra ten million as compensation for your time." Thomas nodded and sat back down. Yes, fifty days wasn't that long if you truly thought about it. Not for fifteen million dollars. The things he could do with that money... "Thomas?" *Click.* He was brought back to the present when the scientist clicked his pen. "Like I said, I'd like to debrief you quickly. Can you tell me how you felt during the experiment?" He nodded. "At first, it was alright. Things were a little boring, but I quickly became accustomed to it. I usually thought of memories to pass the time. And then, I just slept. It's pretty difficult to focus on anything when there's no sense of - sorry, you got a new haircut. I just noticed." The scientist pushed his glasses up. "Yes, I did. Did you keep track of time? What were your feelings during the last two weeks of the experiment?" *Click.* Thomas took a cookie. It tasted stale. They really needed to change a provider for their cafeteria. "I don't think I really noticed all that much. One day just started to blend into another, and especially without a window..." He gestured to the sterile white walls, "...there wasn't much to tell one day from the next. It got easier, I think, as time went on." The scientist nodded, then wrote something else down on his notepad. "So do you think you would do this experiment again given the chance?" "Yeah, I definitely would," Thomas nodded emphatically. Then he cocked his head to the side, his gaze focused on the scientist's features. He frowned. "You look kind of different." The scientist simply waved him off. "You've been in here for nearly two months. Things will look a little unfamiliar, nothing to worry about." *Click*. But Thomas still wasn't convinced. "Are you sure? Something seems..." "What will you do after you get out?" the scientist interrupted. He clicked his pen again, twice this time. It was beginning to get on his nerves. Thomas stared at the pen. "I'll go out and have a nice meal, and then I'll go and see my daughter. She's been waiting for me for so long, I've missed her." "Your daughter's name is...?" The scientist's pen hovered over his clipboard. Thomas frowned. He thought he'd given her name at the beginning of the experiment. "Her name is - " He felt a sudden wave of dizziness hit him, and he clutched onto the side of the table. The scientist grabbed his arm, helping him upright. "Are you okay?" "Yeah." Thomas shook his head, trying to clear the sudden wave of fatigue. He got tired so easily these days. Sleeping 24/7 really wasn't good for you. "It's...I think it's Felicity." "Right." The scientist wrote it down. "...Felicity." Then he smiled and got up out of the chair. He pulled open the door to the hallway. "Thank you so much for your participation, Thomas. We've learned quite a lot, and we look forward to cooperating with you in the future." *Click.* "No, thank you." Thomas felt a wave of relief wash over him as he walked toward the door. Suddenly, he paused at the entrance. The hallway looked different. It was all white now, and the floor had a pattern with birds and bees on it instead of the rectangular pattern it had been when he had come in here. "Why does the building look different?" he asked. There was no reply. He turned around. There was no one there. He blinked. Maybe the scientist had left when he was spacing out. Then his gaze fell on the cookies that were lying on the floor. Wasn't there a table there? He supposed it didn't matter now anyways. He turned back toward the hallway. But it had disappeared. With only a solid, white wall in its place. ***** r/AlannaWu 