
Edward was having an absolutely wonderful day. Everyone was being incredibly nice to him. At breakfast his older sister told him that she loved him, and she was sorry, and she hoped that the mean things she used to say to him because she knew he couldn't fight back still don't torment him. His mother also told him that he was beautiful, excellent child and she loved him more than his sister. Unequivocally savage on her part, but it had not deterred Ed. He was a man on a mission, as he had a presentation at school, during first period, and couldn't be a minute late to class. He lived close enough that he could walk to Brienne D. Taft Middle School in less than ten minutes. On his way to school, his perpetually grouchy neighbor, Mr. Davis, said, "Edward, I hate those fucking prick children who go to your school, but you? YOU?! You're alright, kid. Keep doin'!" And then promptly covered his mouth with his hand. Ed was rather shocked by that one. Davis never said anything nice, ever! He waved at the old bastard with a smile, and continued along. When Ed approached the front of the school, the principal, who was out in the front greeting the students, noticed him. "Hello Edward! I'm so happy when you get here before the busses open up. I love seeing your cute little face before I have to put up with those stupid cunt kids." Ed's and Principal Wallace's jaws dropped in sync. "Uh... Uhh..." She stammered. "What the fuck did I just say?!" Her eyes grew wider. "Ed! Wait!" She stopped him before he could go in. "Please don't tell anyone I said that. Oh. Well, I'm glad it's you, because I know *you* won't be telling anyone." She covered her mouth, but let out a quiet "I'm sorry," as Ed quickly opened the school doors, and hurried away from her. Ed walked into the classroom and nodded at his teacher, Miss Fox. She smiled, shook her head, and said to him: "Oh Ed, if only you were ten years older--" Ed stopped in his tracks. He stared at her pretty face, incredibly confused, and a little aroused. Did this 26 year old woman just express desire for an eighth grader? Fuck yeah she did. Miss Fox's face immediately sunk. "Ed... I-- I didn't mean that--" She was interrupted by the twenty six other eighth graders barreling into the classroom. "Yo dude Principal Wallace called me a 'stupid prick' today!" Said Jeremy, known for being a stupid prick. Other students were in all sorts of turmoil, girls crying that their boyfriends told them they just wanted sex, bullies admitting their internal strife, dorky kids telling people they want to kill them... It was a nightmarish scene. The homeroom bell had rang, and the chatter continued all the way through homeroom. Miss Fox was biting her fingernails, glancing occasionally at Ed. Who was sitting, with very, *very* good posture in his seat, until the first period bell rang, and Miss Fox *screamed at the top of her lungs:* "ALRIGHT EVERYBODY, CHILL THE FUCK OUT!" Silence. "M-mmh" she cleared her throat, and then in a wavering voice said: "Alright, it's time for Edward's presentation." Ed stood, and walked to the front of the room. He plugged a flash-drive into the computer, and loaded his presentation. He looked out into the audience, and then at Miss Fox. He smiled at her, and she nervously laughed, and looked away. Then in the back, a quiet, pretty girl named Sadie, whom Ed had a crush on, said quite clearly, "Ed, I wish you weren't mute, I'd really love to know what you're thinking." And the class turned around. Their stares turned her face bright red. &#x200B; "Oh--I'm not mute. I just pretend to be because I don't like to talk much." &#x200B; Edward began to sweat. And in the voice that the class had only just heard for the first time, he said: &#x200B; "Oh shit." 