
I watched as Death drummed his fingers impatiently on the table in front of him. I leaned forward and marked the lower right square with an X, then sat up straight. Death groaned and marked his own. "I will require that you make a different opening move every game," Death said as he leaned forward and marked a circle. "You can't change the rules in the middle of the contest," I argued. "You said choose the battlefield. I chose Tic Tac Toe. I'm sorry if you don't like it, but I didn't pick the rules." I leaned forward and recorded my X. Death just glared at me with his cold, empty eye sockets. I was starting to grow accustomed to them. "Your insolence is an outrage," Death replied. "This is not a game, a game must have a winner or loser." "Far from it," I said. "A game is a loosely defined term that you implicitly allowed me to define. Plenty of games have tie situations - almost anything with a timer, for example, can end in a tie." I marked another X. Death started to make his circle, then set down his pencil. He sat up straight in his bony chair and formally clasped his hands together. "Then I shall allow you to choose another." "No," I said. "It's still your turn." "You must. This game will never end." "Do you give up?" "Absolutely not. The game is declared a draw, and we shall proceed accordingly to another game." "No." Death stared angrily at me. "You are in my domain here in the afterlife and you will choose your game according to the rules set forth." "I did, and the only rule you set forth was for me to choose a game. I chose. We've been over this." Death stared. "Fine, then I declare you the winner and will allow you to return to your mortal coil for 10 years." He began to wave his arms. "No." "No?" "No. You're here to play a game with me until someone wins." "But nobody can win this inane game." "Not my problem." Death was seething. "Fine, what do you want?" "I want thirty years instead of 10. And when you return me to my body, I want to smash through that truck that ran into me like a total boss, without being hurt in the process." "Deal. I shall see you thirty years henceforth and we shall strike up another game. There will be no tic tac toe at that time." "Deal," I responded. As the afterlife faded around me, I chuckled. Death didn't know about the card game War. 