
*"OXYGEN BENDERS SAVE CHILDREN TRAPPED IN AVALANCHE* *NEW CARBON BENDED DIAMOND SELLING QUICK ON MARKET* *RADON BENDER PREVENTS URANIUM MINE FROM LEAKING DEADLY GAS* the same old stories on the newspapers again. another boring shit bender saves the fuckin day again, by doing some boring shit. i grab the newspaper and throw it into the garbage. something inside me tingles as i get near the socket on the wall, but i stifle it for now. there's too many benders in this world. any dumbass can go fly out and learn how to bend an element. normally they choose something basic. they almost always pick oxygen. i don't blame them, but it's boring as all hell. some of the edgier ones pick uranium and plutonium, thinking they can control nukes. most of the time they end up killing themselves in the process. it gets tiring, when the same people are praised over and over again when im stuck here, forced from young to learn a useless element. some part of me wishes that i could have just been normal and learned how to bend something basic bitchy, but safe. it's too late for that now, though. i step outdoors and walk to a coffee shop, the sun drab and unpleasantly hot. normals walk to and fro and watch, eyes glued to the television screen showing yet another basic bitch bender doing basic bender shit. they eat it up. call them a hero. at this point, something inside me breaks a little. the Masters called me talented. said i had a knack for the element. like i knew it in a past life. and i wasted it all, by being born into a dumbass family. a waste, all of it. i could be one of those fuckboys on the TV every day. i certainly know im better than them. it's not like i have anything going on in my life anyway. poor old calvin trodding through aimlessly with a boring job that pays too little to buy food that tastes like nothing to live in an apartment that's too small and what do i have to lose, really? i may not be on the TV every day, but ill make sure i get on there at least once. i pull my strength together and clench both fists tight. the drywall bulges slightly and a socket sparks. someone notices, jumps back in surprise, then sips their coffee again. the copper wire gets torn out from the walls, and I clench my fist harder, harder, until the copper flies around the room and tendrils split like a rift is being opened. sparks fly, and people scream, and all i feel is power. energy coursing through the wires as i push it all towards the crowded coffee shop, directing it all like im pointing a gun. I feel unstoppable, like fuckimg finally. my spotlight. my time to shine. looking around the shop, people trying to flee in terror but they're wrapped in the coils of the copper, spasming wildly and uncontrollably like ragdolls. i don't see the man outside the window, looking around heroically, the man on today's newspaper as the oxygen bender who saved the children in the avalanche. he sees me, and something inside him triggers. then something inside me stops. loosens. air flies out my mouth, being pulled forcefully out of my lungs and deflating my blood vessels. my fist unclenches, and im not sure if im seeing stars or sparks anymore. my legs weaken, the wires fall from the ground, and i scan around in a final motion. things happen too fast and i collapse, the wire separates from a socket and the shop goes dim. *OXYGEN BENDER SAVES DOZENS OF LIVES IN COFFEE SHOP* 