
"It's not like she cheated," Morel scrolled through the results of Marie Mercier's most recent exam. "That's not what I'm saying," stressed Laurent. She was only Deputy Results Analyst and had jumped the chain of command out of desperation. Morel was the Epreuve Commissioner. In just under 24 hours, he would be announcing Marie Mercier as their definitive ruler for the next 5 years. "Look at her previous results," Laurent flopped open her manila folder and spread three stapled packets across the Commissioner's desk. He picked one up and gave the papers a little shake. "A little archaic, don't you think?" he chuckled. She didn't address the question. Instead she leaned over to tap the key factor in the results. "This is Mercier's first exam - when she was 18. She scored highest in the country in multiple subjects. She was honestly in the running. But *look* at her ethics score." Morel was silent for a moment as he skimmed over the document. "Well," he looked up at Laurent, "It's not the best, but this isn't the test we're looking at." "Not the best? She failed spectacularly - now look at her diplomacy that year," she reached over to flip the page for him, "Equally abysmal." "Okay, I won't disagree, but again - this is from ten -" Laurent snatched the first packet from him and shoved the second in his hands, "Five years later, all of her scores improve *except* ethics," Laurent watched Morel's face as he read; studying it, hoping it would dawn on him. "Her diplomacy scores improved - she scored 3rd overall," he offered. "Exactly - she's trying to figure out what she did wrong." "Isn't everyone?" Morel set down the results packet. "Well, yes, but -" Laurent shook her head, "This isn't like studying military tactics - she's just giving us the answers she knows we want - not how she actually feels." Commissioner Morel frowned and straightened, "It's very presumptive of you to say that. People can change." Laurent fell backwards into her chair, "I'm not," she sighed, "I'm not trying to argue whether or not people can change." She looked down on the packets again, "I just think it's irresponsible for us to not consider these previous results in this particular category." Morel leaned his palms against the desk. His eyes moved across the papers and locked onto hers. "Laurent, I'm not saying I disagree," he reached over to slide the packets back into the folder, "But there isn't constitutional precedent for looking at previous scores," he flipped the folder closed, "Our hands are tied." 