
Warning - some NSFW language ----- No ships sailed to Antarctica. The port official didn't allow it. Upon learning, he had shook his head. "Dunno why you'd choose Ant-arc-ti-ca," spitting the syllables like some hated enemy, "all there is, is ice, ice, and more ice. Besides, it's govn'ment property. You'd be trespassin', and trespassin's against the law." Elias had never been one to listen to authority, and the port official had seemed like one of those fat cats that only looked out for themselves. So, that fateful night, he'd given Miranda a kiss, stowed away on his own ship, and headed for Antarctica. Headed for the last frontier. But now, as the fog parted around him he arrived, he found the official's words echoing in his mind. It was ice. As far as he could see, ice. There had been icebergs on the way, but now everything was white as far as he could see. *I'm here,* he thought to himself. And he realized he was alone. Within a few minutes, he had anchored his ship and transferred his meager possessions to his motorsled. It was silent. Eerily so. Being a city boy, he'd always been used to the buzz of people, cars, or even of the pigeons cooing and wind rustling. But there was no sounds here, except the ship, which creaked and groaned like a lonely pet that begged him to stay. "You've been a good ship," he whispered, "but it's time for me to move on." Just to be safe, though, he walked through the inside of the ship one last time, making sure he hadn't forgot anything. Then, with a little hesitation, he got on his motorsled and didn't look back. --- The first day was uneventful, disconcertingly so. Elias waited for something, anything besides ice and snow, even a cloud or rain. But there was nothing. As he traveled through the endless white, he found himself getting disoriented. The sun seemed to hang forever in the sky, every direction was the same, and often only the onboard GPS kept him from moving in circles. When the sun finally sank to the horizon, he was relieved to be setting up his tent and cooking a packet of instant ramen. As he was eating, his phone rang. "Thank god for phones," he muttered, before picking up. "Min-" he spoke, but his throat was clingy with mucus and it came out like a growl. He cleared his throat. "Mindy?" "Elias," Miranda declared, and the tone of her voice set him on edge. "Things have been a fucking hailstorm since you left. The whole city's on lockdown. You're wanted by the police, and it's on all the fucking news channels." Elias stopped. "What?" "I don't have time to explain," she said, "You have to keep going. I think they've wiretapped me, and I'm probably going to prison for a very long time, but you're right, there's a conspiracy, and they're coming for you." "Don't fuck with me, Miranda," he said. "What the hell is going on?" There was a loud thump from the other end of the phone. Elias could hear a police officer, but couldn't make out what he was saying. Then Miranda was speaking again. "I don't know, but it's something huge." Then there was a loud crash, a bang, and the phone disconnected. He hung up, and stared at his pot of noodles. Steam rose out of it, and condensed in a white cloud that hung above him. *I was gonna keep going anyways,* he thought to himself. He finished his noodles in silence. Then, he reclined against the tent, and within a few minutes he had fallen into a dark, dreamless sleep. ----- I'll write more tomorrow. Good prompt! EDIT: Wow, this blew up. I'm actually kinda scared now. I'll have the second part up when I write it (though it'll probably be a while.) EDIT 2: [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/7nd83u/wp_the_earth_is_flat_and_nasa_is_guarding_a_giant/ds1ts9g/) is out! 