
Routine is life itself. Wake at eight. Shower at eight fifteen. Breakfast at eight thirty. Check all dials; adjust all pressure settings (air filtration, water purity/pressure, oxygen levels). Eight forty-five: exercises (toning, core, daily-specific zones). Nine thirty: education. My schedule says that I am twenty-five years old today. This means nothing to me. It's numbers on paper. Math is cold and uncaring. Nothing like the way that The Manual is to me. The Manual tells me about contingencies for everything; fixing pipes, mending conduits, welding braces. A calendar has one function: it tells me when it is Leg Day. When it informs me that I have to clean out the lowest level bioreactor and fulfill the requirements for the composting units. So my gardens will grow, be fruitful and make sure that I'm healthy. My parents went Up to check the conditions for the area, to determine if it was survivable. I was twelve. It was three days until Leg Day. I have never missed Leg Day, not before and not since. On Leg Day, I defrost a segment of the frozen chickens kept in the deep freezer. It takes me exactly the same amount of time to cook it as it did when I was twelve years old. I eat my lunch at the proscribed time. It takes exactly the same amount of time as well. My radio set has been dead for exactly thirteen years and a Leg Day. Per the written instructions in The Manual, I have to exit the facility. My family built this place to survive and live life according to The Manual. I have fulfilled my requirements. As I ascend the ladder to the sealed door, I have no idea what is going to happen when I open it. My memories of the outside world are different dimmed, unanchored things. No listing in The Manual for a lost childhood, no cross-references regarding a feeling of utter helplessness, no index about knowing that I can only make it a one-way trip to the outside. The Manual says that I need to keep my morale up and think positive thoughts. It doesn't tell me what to do when I realize that I don't remember what my mom looked or sounded like. That I can't recall what my father said to me every night before bedtime. If I even had a sister. If I had a dog or am just remembering dogs from the countless movies and TV shows that I have watched from the archives. I don't know what to do except for what I am told by The Manual. I opened the door and left. When I wake up from the shock, I see nothing but white walls and clean sheets. I'm in a hospital bed. My arm sprouts five lines, two of them connecting me to a clear bag and a milky white bag. I hear beeping and chirping sounds. It is machines, not animals. A man enters my room and he smiles at me. I try to smile and say something like, "Hello, my name is something that I don't remember, please tell me what it is" but all I can do is scream until the milky bag is smaller and I am asleep again. This continues for a while. I believe that I have missed Leg Day. Someone sits by my bedside and talks to me about things. They say that they are in contact with my parents, that I have a sister. That I was kidnapped by someone who died a month after my parents told them where I was. They tell me that he told them I was dead. Dead and trapped in the family shelter. I am officially the first victim of a serial killer after the Apocalypse. That even in the new world, my story is valuable. That I can live the life I want, not just the one that I am forced to take. I sell my story, and I think that it is boring. Nobody touched me. I was never told that escape was an option. My family is told that I want nothing to do with them. That's not entirely true. My lawyer is good and is paid well. What I want, it happens fast. I close the door to the family shelter and weld it from the inside. Tomorrow is Leg Day. My dog's name is James. I think that is what I was called once. Tomorrow, chicken for dinner. No more noise. No radio. My name was probably James. 