
"We have traveled far and long to find you," the man said, holding a thin line of string and wearing a leather backpack. The woman next to him gazed up at Mark in awe. The figures were unmistakably human - and yet, they were only about two inches tall. Mark tried to contain his shock. He was in his fathers house for the first time in a decade, preparing the house for sale after his father's passing. He had always considered his dad an eccentric, but this... this changed everything. His father had spent countless hours in his basement with his train set, to the point of making Mark feel entirely unloved. He had never even ventured in to see it, resenting it as he did his father. But as he followed the figures into the basement below, turning on the light as he did so, he now saw why his father had been so distant. The train set - the entire town - was *alive*. Countless figures came out of their houses, squinting against the light, staring up at him. "We have returned," the man said, gesturing towards Mark, "and the son of Eric has brought back the sun." Mark stared at the bustling town, completely in awe of it all. It was massive, covering the entire basement. Woodland, mountains, a dam - an entire lively ecosystem, populated by tiny figures that were undoubtedly human. The town's train, with tracks running through the entire basement, lay silent in its station. The townspeople rejoiced. The figures moved towards him, keeping a healthy distance - apart from the children. They instead ran to his shoes, climbing up them with effort and pulling at the bottom of his pants. He was terrified of hurting them. "Please, sir, we know we ask too much of you," the woman said, "but your father has cared for us for many years. We do not know where he has gone, and ask that you find him that we may be at peace once again. The train does not run, and there is a monstrous beast-" "My father has passed," Mark interrupted, the words hurting him as he said them. "Passed to where?" the man asked, confused and concerned. "Passed away," Mark said. "He died in his sleep last week." A deathly silence fell over the town. The children stopped playing at his feet, looking back at the elder townspeople in shock. "He's... gone?" the man said quietly. Murmurings broke out amongst the townspeople, and many began to openly cry. "I am sorry that you found out this way," Mark said. "I never really knew him myself." "He was good man," the woman said, "a very good man. He would speak of you constantly. It seemed that he loved you very much." "I... I didn't realize," Mark said. He did not want to cry in front of them, and instead tried to change the subject. "What did you say about a beast?" "It has been feasting on our livestock," the man said, "a beast the size of a logger's cabin. We can do naught but hide when it comes. Eric would have protected us, but..." The townspeople fell silent. "...I know just what to do," Mark said to them. **** Armed with a rattrap, a broom and a surprising amount of fear, Mark rid the land of the wicked beast. Soon after, the train began to run once more. He had always felt so distant from his father. He was never good at showing his emotions - neither of them were. But this... this somehow made Mark feel closer to him. Mark would not sell the house. He would care for the townspeople, just as his father had. And when he had a child of his own, he would introduce them to the townspeople as soon as he could. ***** ***** If you didn't completely hate that, consider subscribing to [my subreddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/CroatianSpy/) I'll try add new (and old) stories every day <3 