
It's after 9am when Smiley Jack, Vinny, and No-Ears get back from the truck heist upstate. They come in through the back door of Vizzini's Fine Furniture and fall into the chairs around the pool table. Vinny's got a rag pressed to the side of his neck where the truck driver cut him. Smiley Jack's looking at his forearms and hands, which are covered in the truck driver's blood. No-Ears, a man of incredible stupidity, picks at some bits of fuzz on his jacket. "What the fuck was that?" Smiley Jack says. "Driver wanted to be a hero," Vinny says. Smiley Jack, most definitely not smiling, says, "The fuck he did. That doesn't just happen. Somebody put him up to it." "Who you think? That Utica outfit? The -- what are they called -- Salami brothers?" No-Ears laughs until his head lolls backwards. "Salami brothers." Smiley Jack swats No-Ears on the knee. "Shut up," he says. "It's the Salamaccis, and it coulda been them, or the Mezzos, or those Japs out of Buffalo. Coulda been anyone." "There was a girl saw us coming into the shop," No-Ears says. "What?" Vinny says. "There was a girl at the end of the alley who saw us come in." "Jesus," Smiley Jack says. "Why didn't you say something?" "She looked scared. She probably wouldn't call the cops or nothing." Vinny's out of his seat and pacing. "Now you got me thinking about the cops while I'm fucking bleeding out over here." No-Ears sinks down in his chair. "Probably wasn't nothing. Just some girl." A bell tinkles from the front of the store. Smiley Jack's face goes red. "You didn't lock the store last night?" No-Ears says, "We were in a rush." The intruder calls out, "Hello? Anybody here? I'd like to buy that darling sidetable in your window display." "It's a customer?" Vinny pulls the rag away from his neck. It's shiny with fresh blood. "I can't go out there." No-Ears says, "I don't wanna go neither." Smiley Jack says, "Well I fucking look like I just stabbed a guy to death, which I did, so it's not like there's a lot of options, is there? You're going." "I don't wanna. What do I say to them?" "Fuck, Jesus, just say whatever. Get rid of them." Vinny says, "Tell them it's a couple Gs. Tell them we're closed." Reluctantly, No-Ears heads to the front of the store. "Can't be the cops, can it?" Vinny says. "We're fucked if it is," Smiley Jack says. "And if it's just some nosey yup?" "Maybe No-Ears won't muck it too hard." With grim faces, the two mobsters settle down to listen to the exchange. No-Ears says, "Good morning, ma'am. Anything I can help you with?" "Goodness," the customer says, "you've got no ears." "That I don't, ma'am." The customer takes a moment. "I'm interested in the wooden side table in your window display." "It's a couple Gs," No-Ears says. "We're closed." "Pardon?" "What?" "Pardon?" "I said we're closed. And the side table is a couple Gs." "That's not how bargaining works, young man. You either say you're closed or you throw out an impossible number, not both at once. So which is it?" Smiley Jack puts a hand to his forehead. "Why do we keep this guy around?" Vinny says, "He's my second cousin." "Well he's got a head like shit heap." Vinny shrugs. "The side table is a couple Gs," No-Ears says at last. "How many 'Gs' exactly?" the customer asks. "Is three a couple?" "A couple is two." "Right, two is how much it is," No-Ears says. "Two thousand?" "Two Gs. But actually we're closed." The customer audibly huffs. "I don't have time for this. Here's two thousand dollars cash. I'll take the side table with me." "Um, you what?" The customer speaks loudly. "Here's dollars! I'm taking the table!" A minute later, No-Ears comes to the backroom with a fistful of cash. Vinny and Smiley Jack's face show a combination of disbelief, happiness, and upset. "Hold on," Smiley Jack says. "How much are gonna make off that truck job?" "Maybe 10 Gs," Vinny says. "That's 10 Gs for staying up all night, you nearly died, and I killed a guy. What the fuck?" No-Ears smiles blandly. "I liked that." "Where'd we even get that side table?" Smiley Jack says. "My nephew made it in shop class," Vinny says. Smiley Jack shakes his head in confusion. "Ok, none of this makes sense. I guess sometimes we just get lucky. But for now let's focus on figuring out who's fucking with our jobs." The bell tinkles in the front of the store. The mobsters share shocked looks. "Hello? Is somebody working? I'd like to buy the wooden chairs you've got." All smiles, No-Ears heads out. Smiley Jack and Vinny just stare at each other. "I guess we're in a new line of work, now." And so begins the bloodiest period in the history of antiquing. ***** r/TravisTea 