
Alexis was deemed the greatest Necromancer in the realm. And with good reason, as the creatures he raised from the dead were far more lifelike than those of any other known Necromancer. They were not pale as corpses, but emaciated warmth as any living being. They did not lumber, but were as agile as a warrior in their springtime. Their only flaw was that they were not able to speak. However, Alexis had one huge secret: he was not actually a Necromancer. Instead, he was gifted with a keen mind, as well as two wise masters. His first master was a skilled Dwarven craftsman, named Thirfuk. He was able to craft statues from all materials with immaculate detail and was able to make them move like the creatures the statues depicted. When Alexis was apprenticed to Thirfuk, he asked him how he was able to animate the statues so flawlessly "Golemancy is just like necromancy, except you use rocks instead of bodies.", Thirfuk answered, "Except that rocks don't have joints, so you have to craft those as well before animating." Alexis took the message to heart, but was never quite able to craft joints as skillful as Thirfuk. His second master was a great Elfin healer, called Sariel. She could cure the most grievous wounds and make her patients look completely unblemished afterwards, as if they have never been harmed. When Alexis was studying the healing arts, he inquired from her how she was able to restore even the most decaying wounds back to life, "Healing is just like necromancy", she replied, "but before the person dies." She added that restoring dead tissue is easy, but getting it to work as it should was the hard part. Alexis tried to pursue this lesson, but he was never able to properly heal, only giving the outwards appearance of recovery. In the end, he combined both of their lessons. First he animated skeletons, as they were like the statues of Thirfuk but with the joints already perfectly made. Then he restored the flesh, as unblemished as if Sariel would have healed them but not fulfilling any function other then just living. Wit those creatures, little more then animated skeletal statues clothed in living flesh, he tricked the entire realm and was heralded as a genius Necromancer. Everyone except his two masters, who watched in amusement how their student took the wrong parts of their lessons, and shaped them into a working whole. 