
I don't even know why I still bother building with hydrogen or carbon when other Elementals show up. Sure, it's always good to be cautious, but H and C are interlaced throughout the universe itself-- I've never met another Elemental in my life, from any other quadrant, that couldn't build or burn H. He tried to crystallize my heart, but I shifted it, leaving a pocket of air in its place, then burned hydrogen in a bubble around him. A wall of Tantalum Carbide surrounded him first, shielding him from the heat, and he launched out of the miniature star burning where he once was. That bought me enough time to reset my organs -- being a carbon-based lifeform was both a blessing and a curse -- and pull back a bit. "Halifax, are you alright up there?" a voice crackled into my ear. "I'm fine. This guy's a pain in the ass, though. Any idea where he's from?" "No. H and C are green for him?" "Obviously. He's got the big 6, plus Ta and Na from what I've seen so far. I can't control any part of his body, though. It's something we haven't seen." "Try and get a piece of him if you can. Been a while since a Destroyer this strong has shown up from an unknown region." "I'll try. Let me know if you guys need help with that red giant he created near Mars." "No, you focus on getting him away from here before he can do any more damage." A meteor careened toward me, at least a mile in width, and I burned hydrogen, cutting through it, then deconstructing the smaller pieces. "That's going to be a little hard, as you can imagine. Do we have any data on his arrival? Where? What direction, how?" "No. It seems he just... appeared." "Fantastic," I said, whizzing just past Saturn, continuing to lure him as far away from home as possible. Thankfully, he seemed okay with that. "Backup on the way?" There was a grainy pause, then a sigh. "Not for a while. Sorry, Hal, but you know how bad this timing is. We're stretched on two other fronts right now." "Shit. Fine." I encrusted myself in ice and rock, and floated into Saturn's ring. "I'm gonna have to go hard, then." "Well, hold on, now--" "I can't fight him blind like this, Cid. I need to get the upper hand before he burns or builds something I'm not aware of." "Hal, we need to do this the usual way." A beam of Krypton sliced through the ring, taking off my leg. I screamed, but grabbed and reattached it before it could float off into nowhere. "I can't. Add Kr." I dipped into some of my U-238 reserves, taking a steadying breath. Cid was silent; he knew better than to disrupt the concentration of someone manipulating volatile elements. Carefully, I transmuted it to Pu-239, peered from behind some debris, and nuked him. There was a flash of silent light in the darkness, tumultuous and terrifying as it reached critical mass right on top of him. "Well?" Cid asked. "I don't know. Let me check." I fired a few pellets toward the explosion site-- O, C, K, Cl and N. Nothing at their approach, then, fingers of smoke and blinding red light snapped at the O, C and and N. Another, almost instantaneous, atomic net of carbon encapsulated the area, including the nuclear aftermath, and imploded on itself. There was nothing left but empty space. "Fuck," I said, and Cid sighed. "He's a Collector, not a Destroyer." "Clever girl. Played you like a fiddle. This is why we have a process, Hal." I groaned, circling Saturn, hoping to find him hiding, but he was gone. His goal was never to defeat me-- how had I lost sight of something so obvious? He couldn't detect K, Cl, U or Pu in our fight, probably one or two others that I missed. And now he had them, even if they were trace amounts. With enough time, and the right research team... He would be one step closer to becoming God. --- */r/resonatingfury* 