
**Mortality** *By Robert Jeffords* Growing up, boy was that rough. Kids are cruel. Not, evil... Just cruel. They were taller, stronger and smarter than me. They all looked similar, and I stood out like a sore thumb. Making friends back then was impossible, especially at this time in the history of man. You see, I'm quite literally, an old soul. I'm a man who belongs in a different time, these were not my people and they never would be. They never would accept me. I was wrong, though. It seems, compassion comes prerequisite in the DNA of what the Founders thought was "the perfect genetic makeup". As I grew up, so did those cruel children. High school was a bit rough, still. Girls didn't want to be around me because I was looked at as dirty or... odd. I wasn't. I was a perfectly normal 16 year old kid, just wishing for friends and to experience his first kiss. While it *was* a step up from elementary school, the isolation never really got better. Until the talent show. You see, back then, I hadn't really known what I was capable of. I didn't know that the freak could be perfect at something. The foster family that took me in always encouraged me to try things, but I rarely did out of just being accustomed to defeat. It was like this weight just hanging around my neck at all times, weighing me down. That all changed on my 16th birthday. You see, they got me a keyboard. A keyboard! It's ancient technology now, hell, it was even ancient technology 60 years ago. Didn't matter, I loved it when I saw it sitting there and I started practicing immediately. I studied the works of *my* history. *My* generation. I looked back at the works of Elton John, John Lennon, Ray Charles, and my personal favorite, Billy Joel. Boy did I love those old Billy Joel records! I became obsessed with the golden age of music and it was all I listened to. Long story short, I got up on stage, just me, my keyboard and about 300 butterflies. I got up there, and I brought the house down. I played a song that probably no person in that auditorium had ever heard before, and they loved it! They really reacted strongly, overwhelming me with applause and even standing up to clap for me! It was one of the best moments of my life. You know how the story goes from there. I kept practicing the oldies. I kept sounding better and better and my singing was ever improving. I had found my passion, thanks to my loving parents. Fast forward 15 years and I was everywhere. It was strange, even for me. Seeing such a older looking guy as the hot new celebrity. I looked about as old as my parents, if not older, yet there I was in the heart of NYC. My big ugly mug in Time Square! At this point in my life, attention was not hard to come by. Women loved a man who looked different. They loved that I was older looking, that I had flaws and tattoos. I was like a time traveler, sent forward from a much more primitive but free thinking time. Being rich didn't hurt, either. I never wanted the party to end. Every night, it was a new woman and a new party. I lived hard those years, and if I had the chance, I wouldn't do anything differently. Those experiences made me the man I am today. They are the same experiences that lead me to meet the woman who changed my life. My lovely Amai. Getting married at 32 was almost unheard of! Most people needed fifty to a hundred years to make that kind of decision. Not my Amai, we fell right in love and it wasn't long before we were starting our family. It was me, Amai, and our *perfect* two sons Jack and James. Of course, my interpretation of perfect is different than societies. We did not elect to have them genetically altered and after a long legal battle, we were vindicated. They are my legacy now. I will soon leave this perfect world, but it will not become blemish free. You see, the world seems to have lost its way. The music of the golden ages has shown me that there are more sides to life, and ignoring them or deleting them make for a very strange cocktail. Sure, you all don't know any better. You all never felt rejection, depression, or anxiety. You never felt ashamed, or embarrassed for things out of your control. You don't understand that these experiences grow and shape our personality. You all grew to love me in my short time here, you all loved the personality that you all did not have. You could not have. As a society we became too afraid to face the obstacles of life. So, what did we do? We eradicated those obstacles not realizing that they shaped and changed us. They made us all unique, and gave us all perspective. I couldn't sentence my children to the poor fates you all suffer.  You see, mortality isn't a curse.  Mortality shapes us. It makes us passionate. It gives us purpose. It allows us to love. I hope my children forgive me some day, I sometimes question if they ever will. Alas, my last words to you are these, do not become the aliens void of emotion that we once dreamed up and feared. The thing that breeds brilliance, passion and love is a sense of urgency. Humanity needs that back. And with that, I wish you all farewell. It has been a beautiful life. Thank you for accepting me, and loving me. Sincerely, *Robert Jeffords* 