
When I was born, my parents split up. My father had gotten angry at my mother, for he had no doubt I was the bastard son of the king, and my mother didn't even try to deny it. It was quite obvious to be honest, I have a piercing blue eye, and another one black as coal, just like the king. Still, even with their differences, they managed to raise me properly. When I was four, a dragon attacked our town, and stole me from their hands. The beast never killed me, instead he took care great care of me. But that was short-lived, for my parents managed to sneak into the dragon's den, and took me away from his loving talons. My memories of that time are quite hazy, and I think that's for the better, because many strange people tried to get a hold of me, but every time my parents got me away. It was when I turned eight that my parents told me the truth about everything. "You see, son," my mother had said, "you are the main character of this story. That's the reason why the wise men always come to our door vomiting prophecies. The thing is that the moment you hear them, or comply with some evil creature, your arc will start, and when that happens, a dark lord will rise, and many lives will be lost. If you live a quiet life, no one will die, because the dark lord will never rise. But we know one day, perhaps in your teen years, you will want to start your story, and we can't do anything if that fulfills your heart's desire." I didn't know how to react when she told me that, but then my father said the same, and he explained me all the tropes in stories. In that moment, all the things happening around started to take shape. Even when a cloaked figure murdered them and my twin sister in front of my eyes, I resisted the searing wish of revenge eddying within me. And that's how I lived my life, avoiding magic schools, farms, dragons, prophecies, and every single strange thing that came my way. The years passed, and my hair turned long, and white. I took the decision then, to go and live in the mountain, where no one would bother me anymore. And it worked, until one day a young kid knocked at my door. He had red eyes, and hair of the darkest black. He was trembling with fear, and had a wound on his face. "How did you get here?" I said, and let him in. "Let's clean that face of yours." "A--a strange man grabbed me. He--he wanted to sacrifice me. He said I was going to be reborn as a god. He was--he was crazy." I smiled at his words. "Where are your parents?" "I don't know. I'm an orphan. I've never met them," he said, and cleaned his face with water from a bucket. "Listen, I know I am just an old man, but I think I can teach you a trick or two. What do you say?" He looked at me, nodded. "Do you have food? I'm starving." "I do," I said, and pointed at the kitchen. That night after the kid fell asleep, and I went to bed, a question burned in my mind, and I couldn't avoid it, for it spun and spun and spun. Did I--did I just become a mentor? ----------------------- r/NoahElowyn 