
I wake up and stare at the ceiling wondering for the 100th time how did I end up here? I turn my head and see my wife asleep in the bed next to mine. She feels so far away, I want to cry. Instead, I look up at the ceiling again and sigh. I know she loves me. She tells me every day. So how the hell did I wind up here? I must have whimpered without realising it. She's by my side in a second. She asks me if I slept well, if I am hungry. She asks me if I know how much she loves me.. God, I love that woman. I would do anything for her. We go downstairs. It breakfast time. It's our own personal bonding time. She spoils me. I laugh. There's so much love in this room. Then I hear *his* voice. My mood changes straight away. Damon, my so called best friend, saunters into the room. "Hay Babe", I hear him say. I try to kill him with my stare. He walks up to my wife, My Wife!, and kisses her. Bastard!! I get ready to give him a piece of my mind. He glances over at me, that smug expression starting to waver for a second .. Then sudden he breaks out in a smile, eyes twinkling. I know that smile. It's the one I use to think meant that he had my back. I know better now. I can't handle it. I start to go mental. Before he can take another step my wife steps in between us. She puts a hand gently on his chest. "Not today Damon ", It just takes time. He'll get use to it. Just be patient". God I hate her right now. "Okay babe, if you say so, I gotta get ready for work". He turns to me with a quick smile and says "I'll catch ya later, my man". I try to throw my plate at him. Sadly I missed but I will make him pay. Angry tears stream down my face. I feel so betrayed. I hate them both. Caught up in my pain I didn't realise my wife was beside me again. Her arms wrapping themselves around me. I try to struggle but she holds my head to her bosom. In her warm embrace, I feel my anger slip away. She tells me again how much she loves me but I'm starting to drift off. The drama of this morning tires me. "God, How did I end up here?" I muse once again yawning. "Every f*cking day it's the same. My own personal hell". Yet Feeling safe wrapped up in my wife's arms, I start to dream. I dream of the last time I was with her before everything changed. "Don't worry Love, I'll always be beside you" I hear myself say "He promised our baby will survive. We have an agreement". I laugh bitterly in my sleep. I would do anything for her. But I was a fool. I was blind. Everything comes with a cost. Everything has its fine print. It's been 10 months since I made a deal with the devil to keep our family together as one. I could not stand by and watch my wife go through yet another miscarriage. I open my eyes, and see my wife looking down lovingly at me. I look up at her face wishing I could say what's on my heart. The devil kept his promise, that is true, but he is a trickster. So now all I can do is just gurgle and gaze back at her through the eyes of our 7month old son. ~l~l~l~l~l~l~l **Note**: if it doesn't click, others have explained in the comments :-) This is my first time writing x. 