
In our infancy, we tapped our planet for the bountiful natural resources. We tapped and tapped until it ran dry, and still we devoured it to sate our endless thirst for more. As our ancestor's civilizations crumbled into war and chaos, we looked up to the heavens. We cried out for help. But even the speed of light was not fast enough to bring us salvation, if it even existed. All we found was the cold, dark, empty void that was interstellar space. When all hope seemed lost, we unlocked the mysteries of our solar system, harvesting power from our sun, and materials from our sister planets. We rebuilt, and from the ashes of our past we built a new civilization. We quickly colonized the planets and moons of our solar system. We grew, and we learned. We built a civilization of plenty, where no one went hungry. We unlocked our own genome, and eliminated any weaknesses. We became nigh immortal, with deaths numbering only in the dozens per generation. So we grew, and we got hungrier. Before long, we had crowded our entire solar system. We began to realize even our own solar system was not enough for us. So we looked outwards, striving to master the cold darkness between us to the next star. We built colonizing ships, and sent them out to all the systems around us, intending to inhabit the whole galaxy, if needed. Then, one day, we made a miraculous discovery. We were not alone. When we first approached, we found one planet inhabited with a species that resembled us in our infancy. We first settled some of your outermost regions, far beyond you could see, and observed. We watched as you learned nuclear fusion, and the atrocities you committed upon each other. We watched as you landed on your own moon, and sent probes out into your solar system. We heard your radio broadcasts into space, and easily learned the languages of your many tribes. We watched as you slowly devoured your own planet, much like we had. We watched as you devoured even more, beyond we had ever had. At a certain point, we became unsure you would be able to harness your own solar system like we did. We decided that we would intervene, lest the only other sentient life in the galaxy snuff itself out. Our ambassador ship landed, and made our existence known. We gave you only tidbits of information, hoping it would be enough to help you overcome this hurdle, without affecting your own growth. However, as our ship returned, the crew began suffering strange afflictions. We assumed they had been poisoned, as we have seen what you do to your own, and rushed them back to our station. Our medical teams scrambled to battle the invasive biophages ravaging their systems, but they died one by one. Terrible, suffering, deaths. And as our medical teams began showing the same symptoms, we realized this was disease. Our genomes, modified to resist any and all disease we were familiar with, were but child's play to the diseases that you primitives carried every day. Quarantine measures were too late, and the sickness took hold too quick. We could not discover a cure. We sent out a warning message to our home and colonies. Do not come here. Only death awaits. We leave this record here, in case you ever make it this far. Do not come looking for us. We will destroy any ships on sight. Stay in your system. We will be watching, and we will not hesitate. 