
You see, it's never the big things. It's the little things. I woke up yesterday, my 15th birthday. The day my power came. I say power, because of course that's what everyone says. Mine is a curse in truest sense of the word. See, I can't lie anymore. Just lost the ability. I don't think it's a big deal, but my parents started freaking out. Don't ask questions you don't want the answer to dad, yes, I borrowed your credit card to get access to porn sites. Mom didn't seem worried, she was relieved if anything, not only could I not lie, I couldn't not answer. She asked me how school was going, and I was compelled to tell her the truth. Me? I'm okay with it. Knowing I'd get a Super meant a life of danger fighting villains, or worse, some menial labour job if I got anything physical. Poor Dave in my class got hooked up to a power plant when they discovered he could generate lightning. But dad insisted I be sent for testing. I told them I couldn't lie, so what's the first thing they do? Ask me questions you shouldn't ask a 15 year old. Like how many socks I've used instead of tissues. 47. "that's an oddly specific answer young man. Do you keep track?" "no sir, I just can't give you the wrong answer". I could see it. A spark in his eyes. That look a man gets when he's got an idea. When he knows something you don't. "What is my middle name?" "Jones", I answered without thinking. How did I know that? Was it even true? "Where is my wedding ring?" "It fell off your hand while drinking on vacation in Texas, it's currently on the hand of a pimp in toledo, his address is 423 oak st." I clapped my hands over my mouth. How. It isn't possible. "Does God exist?" I don't remember what I said, but he Really didn't like my answer. They asked me all sorts of questions after that. Russian nuclear launch codes, who really killed someone called JFK, they took turns. Turns out, 87 licks to the center of a tootsie pop. That rattle in the interns car is a screw that fell out of a plane. If a wood chuck could chuck wood, it would chuck as much wood as a wood chuck could. So now, they've got me locked in the bunker. Something about being Dangerous. I don't get it really, I just answer questions. I'm kind of like google really. I wonder if there's a way out this cell? 