
*To whom it may concern,* "Greetings. Although you probably don't see me, I am most definitely here...somewhere. My name is Xavius au Titus, and I am a remnant from a lost age. I was born in Rome, in the glorious days of Trajan, where life was undoubtedly simpler than it is now. In those days, unsolved murders were common, and that is where I made myself. You see, I was born with a peculiar trait...those which I killed had their remaining lifespan added to mine. My first kill, young Claudius, was an accident. I was carrying a pot of boiling water through my home and dropped it on the maids baby, searing it and burning it beyond repair. I, well, put it out of it's misery and hid the body. After the deed was done, I felt...reinvigorated. I could *feel* his life, his memories, his future becoming mine. I lusted for that feeling for the rest of my life. Soon killing evolved far beyond my lust for extended life. It became a game, albeit a deadly one, that I loved to play. I loved the feeling when my knife sank deep into an unsuspecting pair of ribs or the back of some simpleton's head. I was unstoppable. Soon, my kill count reached enough that the gods could not bear to see me butchering their own so mercilessly and easily. I had amassed enough human life to last for thousands of years, and the gods decided that was enough. They took me in the night and locked me in my cage of earth, cursed to live until my life ran out. I awaited in solitude for someone to unlock me from this hell, to free me from the stone that entraps. I have grown old. I can feel the life of uncountable dead seeping out of my limbs. I need a new source. And that, my good fellow, is where you come in. You see, you have freed me unto the world, a new world, where gods do not control men and society is so fractured that I could kill and kill and kill and nobody save your inadequate policemen would stand a chance of stopping me. I will repay you by making you the first of a new age of terror, of blood, of the screams of millions as I take their lives from them. Thank you. Now let the new age begin." A blur of grey and black flew at me, and all turned red, then slowly black. 