
Should I ask him to repeat himself? Is that rude? I can't exactly be at fault for not listening too well. I wasn't exactly expecting... well... words... "Did you get all that Steven?" Oh wow, ok yeah he definitely spoke and I completely missed it. "Will you do it?" I stared blankly at Jasper who was sitting over a coffee table in my living room surrounded by every single cat in the neighborhood. I scanned the cats from left to right. Snowball belonged to Ms. Cassandra from across the street, I gave him left overs from my sandwich on my way back from school whenever I could. Smudge was a stray cat who followed me home often and, despite the warnings from my mother, would always be friendly with me. Tiger was Randy's cat. He would always got jealous cause the cat would only be at ease around me. I'd hear stories of clawed out curtains, and scratched fingers, but he would always comfortably purr on my lap when I came over. This was only to name a few. I never thought much of it. I like cats, and cats like me back. But on this day the words coming out of that furry, toothy mouth revealed to me that this was indeed my special talent. Well not the words themselves, more like the action of the words coming out. And subsequently my understanding of those words... More than the sheer surprise of hearing my pet talk, I was shaken to my core in pure disappointment. Others usually got super strength... or flight... or mind reading... I guess I got... cat likeness? Wait until the others hear about this? But oh well, gotta make the most of it. I looked at Jasper who I could tell was beginning to get worried. (Wait can cats look visibly worried? Must've been the talent.) "Actually... umm... if you don't mind... could you just repeat that last part one more time?" I said to Jasper, hoping to not be offensive in anyway. "Of course Steven!" "We're all here because we all feel a sort of connection with you. We understand you as much as you understand us. And to any feline with half a brain it'd be plain to see that you should be the one to lead us!" A resounding 'meow' reverberated across my room, like an adorable war cry that struggled to be taken seriously. But the 'meow' kept going, bouncing onto my ears over and over, and suddenly the cry took the shape of words. "Praise the Great one Steven! Praise the Great one Steven!" Just then my front door slid open. I braced myself for the stellar and totally reasonable conversation I was about to have with whoever opened it. That's when I saw a massive paw slam into the room, followed by another, then another until the figure entering the room was entirely revealed. "Praise the Great one Steven!" bellowed the great lion with a mighty roar, both completely shattering my reputation with my neighbors, and my center of balance and mind. I fell onto the floor with eyes open so wide, you'd think I was a cat hunting at night. I looked up at the ceiling with a complete utter lack of words. Not only did the cats have my tongue, they had torn it to shreds. Eventually I gathered enough strength to lay out a single word. "Huh..." I believe it was profound. EDIT: Oh wow! That's way more upvotes than I expected! This is my first time writing anything in writingprompts so I thought I'd give it a shot! Thanks to everyone who commented, and I'm open to any criticism! 