
"Mamiiiiiii!" I yelled over the din of the living dead. "Yes, darling, what do you need?" the witch replied calmly. "I have a spelling bee tomorrow, can you keep it down?" I asked, rubbing my bloodshot eyes. "Oh, mijo, I'm sorry! I didn't realize!" She turned back to the muertos. "OK, guys, you heard the kid, head on back to the gravesite!" They all groaned in irritation, but she just pointed to the door and said, "Out!" They obliged, if begrudgingly. But maybe it was just the rot slowing them down. Mami turned to me again and grasped my cheeks. "Oh, mi amor, how long have we kept you up? You look awful!" "It's alright, Mami, I was up studying. I was just going to bed." I glanced at the door. "You didn't have to kick them out, you know. I just needed it a little quieter." "I know, mijo, but you know them. They can't really control their moans. Don't worry. You're spelling bee is more important!" I knew a spell for raising the dead was really hard. I began to protest her nonchalance, but her hand rose from my cheek to my mouth. "Don't worry, I said. Now go rest, poqueno demonio! You can't do well without any rest!" "Yes, bruja grande," I said, enveloping her in a hug. We used the little nicknames frequently. Really, they didn't fit, since I stood five or so inches above her four foot five, but they were comfortable, and I wasn't going to change them. After a good night's sleep and a hardy breakfast, I walked out the door confidently. "Do you need me to walk you to school, Alexander? You know it wouldn't be too big of a deal. I have no clients until noon." "No, mami, it's ok! Dad is picking me up!" At that she scowled. She never liked my dad, but what could she do? Besides, it's not like it was personal, in that aspect. It was just business. Otherwise, they would get on well. "Do you need me to pick you up?" she asked, remnants of distaste still lingering in her eyes. "No, it's OK! Veronica texted me last night. She'll be in town and wants to catch up while she can." At this, the witch audibly gagged. "Are you sure she isn't-" "Trying to sell me off again? Yea, I made sure. She really wants to hang out this time! Besides, I think she'll resist the urge to make another dastardly deal if she knows you and dad will come after her. Speaking of dad, I gotta go. See you later, mami!" I finished with a peck. "Be safe!" she called after me. She shook her head, smiling, as I bolted out of our little hut. My dad sat out front in his hot rod. The black muscle car with flames licking up the sides growled and purred in anticipation. I hopped in the front seat. "Hey, kiddo!" my dad said, gripping my shoulder. "Hey, dad!" My dad was a big guy, about six feet seven inches. His hair was dark and curly, and his skin was pale. He had pointy ears like me, but mine were more rounded. "So, where to today, Alex? White house? Iran? My castle? Oh, how about a church! Enough sinners there to fill a gay whorehouse!" "Dad, I've gotta go to school today, remember. We can do fun stuff on the weekend, remember?" He sighed heavily. "Alright, alright. This weekend." "Sometimes, I think you forget how old you are." "And don't you bring it up, either!" He pulled out wildly, cackling all the way. I merely chuckled, amused at his antics. Getting out of school, I saw Veronica with her purple Mustang out front of the Private Witch School of North America. I jogged up and swept her up in a hug. It wasn't hard. She was even smaller than my mom at four two. "Hey, champ. How'd your bee go?" she asked, ruffling my hair. "Great! I won first place!" "I'm not surprised. You were raised by the best witch this side of the equator, and your dad's the freaking devil. I bet you have more magic than any of these preppy witch kids!" I blushed a little. "Ah, thanks, Veronica, but I'm not that great." "Yeah, you are, kid! Of course you are, with my blood in your veins! Speaking of which, I got this goblin I-" "Nah, Veronica. I don't need to know about the hustle. I at least want to work on my schooling and world conquering before then." "Fine, but you got my number when you're ready." "I know. Now let's go have some fun!" "Whoo hoo! Yea, let's do it!" We hopped in her car and drove away for a night on the town. 