
Reputation is everything. Trust me when I say that. I've been bounced around schools since I could first remember. Three elementary schools, two middle schools and now my third high school. If I could put all this on my resume, I'd be qualified to be president by now, at least by our current standards. So when I wandered into the little gathering in the bathroom, my first thought was that this is how I get an in with the dealers. Then I thought maybe this was how I became a druggie. Then I thought that this is how I get my ass kicked and dumped in a toilet. Really just being a part of any group would be a huge boost to my reputation. Right now, I was good as non-existent. Then I saw the pentagram and I realized I had entered in nick of time. "It worked," Drue muttered. Yes, that was really how his name was spelled. I'm not quick socially. Being torn from every friend group you've ever known kind of does that to you. But I am not slow, and I realized the best thing to do here was to confirm to them that whatever tom-foolery they were involved in had indeed worked. "Hello, gentlemen," I said mysteriously, my voice a hoarse whisper. They gaped at me. "Why have you brought me here?" I asked. They glanced at each other. There was Derrick and Chad - yes, I'm serious - and Jeremy. The Drue Crew. Notorious. Infamous. So popular. And then there was me. The new kid. The outcast. The weirdo. The demon, apparently. "We need help." I let my eyebrows do the talking and looked at them skeptically. "Please," they begged. "What's in it for me?" I'm not sure a demon says that. But what did they know. I figured this was their first time. Inexperienced demon virgins. I shouldn't say that, I knew that much. They shrugged. I took it to mean whatever. "I'd like to infiltrate you humans," I said, rubbing my hands together deviously. Demonously? I'd have to get used to the lingo. "Can't you do that without us?" "I could. But I need to infiltrate the popular crowd. And if I can't..." I ran a finger across my throat, miming that that would be the end of the Drue Crew. They went pale. I clapped and they all jumped and I burst into an evil cackle. I was good at this. Maybe it was my calling. I felt like it wouldn't really fly with my parents or with the guidance counselor. It would require some spin. "Hey mom, hey dad, I'm going to go to demon school. It's about twenty-five grand a year, when I get out I'll be able to work minimum wage and pay off the loans by the time I'm seventy-five." That wouldn't work. "Okay, yeah, dude," Chad said. He was palest. I wondered if he had peed himself or if that was water on his pants from washing his hands. "It's sir," I hissed. I think that's when I realized this would not be a friendship. From my limited experience, friends do not demand to be called sir. Oh, well. It would do. "Yes, sir," they said in unison. I liked it. "So what do you need?" I asked. They glanced at each other nervously. "We're failing chemistry," Drue said. Wow. If they were trying to summon a demon for this, imagine what they would do when they were really in trouble. Then I remembered they were summoning a demon. In a school bathroom. I wasn't dealing with the brightest bulbs in the banana bunch. I nodded knowingly. I wasn't any good at making friends but I guess I had a knack for making my peers tremble in fear and submit to me. "We need you to make us pass." "Chemistry, eh?" I stroked my chin. I figured that's what a pensive demon might do as he pondered how to best utilize his powers. Part of me was kind of hoping they needed me to forge their report cards or murder somebody or convince a teacher to retire. I guess those thoughts help make me the weirdo. Some sort of demonic tutoring would have to do. "I can work with that," I said after a moment. They let out a sigh of relief and Jeremy high-fived Derrick as if they had actually done something remotely useful. "Meet me in the library after school." I leaned in close and they crowded around me and then I clapped my hands together and Chad yelped and the wet stain on his pants spread. "Don't be late." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 