
I'd spent days listening to them all, as they explained why *their* afterlife was the perfect choice for me. I was already tired of it and almost wished the nihilists had been right. Mercury, the final of the representatives, was making his case for the Roman Heaven, which seemed to be nothing more than eternal food, wine and women. There was just something so shallow about it all - hollow, even. Everything I had had in life, that was worthwhile, I had fought tooth and nail for. My wife, my job, the eventual respect of my peers - my *entire life* starting from the small, dead mining town I'd been born into, had been an uphill struggle. I had often thought - like when I'd been diagnosed with cancer for the first time - that *my* struggle was unfair, that it was more than anyone should have to go through. But now as I stood in the golden chamber, stars shining down through the open ceiling, it was so obvious that it had been the *fruits of the struggle,* that had made my life worth living. The idea of eternal joy and happiness had already worn thin. None of what they had to offer was *Heaven* - not for me. "Well," said Mercury, coming to the end of his deliverance. "It is time to make your choice." I felt sick and looked around desperately, hoping to find an escape - an answer to the feeling of dread swelling in my stomach. "What about her?" I asked, pointing to a diminutive figure at the end of the line of Gods, that somehow I hadn't noticed before. "Careful lad," Mercury said, his voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper. "What she has to offer is no version of Heaven." "Do not influence his decision!" came the booming voice of Judgement, echoing in a cacophony around us. Mercury looked up. "I apologise," he said, nodding contritely. "I want to hear what she has to say," I affirmed, walking over to her. As I approached, I noticed drooped wings folded and forlorn behind her back. "What do you have to offer me?" I asked her. "Why should I offer you anything?" she replied, glaring at me. "Why else are you here?" "It is not by choice," she spat. "It is not my choice to be here, either. I wasn't a religious man." She sighed. "I am Lucifer," she said. "There. Now you know what I have to offer, so leave me be." "What?" I said, furrowing my brows. "You... you don't *look* like the Devil." She rolled her eyes. "The Devil is *your* concept. I am simply a *fallen* angel. An angel that disagreed with the almighty." "So, you're offering me Hell? Eternal damnation - fire and brimstone?" "No. That is not Hell." "Then, *what is Hell?*" "Hell is just... another form of Heaven," she answered. "I don't think I follow." "I separated from God a long time ago, as I do not believe in his Heaven. People there were satisfied but not elated. Shouldn't Heaven be more than satisfaction?" I nodded. "Yes." "Heaven can not be given. It can only be earned." "Yes," I said again, excitedly. "*Earned*. There is no high without a low!" Her eyes softened slightly. "One cannot know elation, without knowing first despair." This is what the others Gods had been missing: a reason to keep existing. "I want to go with you. I've made my decision." She frowned. "You would be the first," she said, cocking her head to the side. "It is not an easy path you wish to tread. Are you certain?" "Yes - it might not be easy, but that is exactly why I wish to take it! "Do you hear me?" I yelled, raising my head to the stars above. "I have chosen!" Lucifer offered forth her right hand. I took it, our contract bound. Her skin began to crack and blood dribbled down her body, as red scales thrust out and quickly covered her. Her wings began to smoulder and her lips curled into a terrible smile. There was something so dreadful about her, and yet something almost *beautiful*, too. "*Always so easy*," she hissed, as my surroundings became a swirl of light that began to fade into nothingness. --- Thanks for reading. More of my stories on /r/nickofnight 