
It was only a cat. The blood that matts its fur looks like jam. Like, it rolled around in a big puddle of strawberry jam and never got back up. When do dead things become a carcass? Do dead people become carcasses, or is that just for animals? I don't know, but this cat is just a carcass now, I suppose. Just a feast for flies and a cozy home for maggot eggs. A lot of people killed someone. Like, an actual person. Sarah Golding did. Got her dad's gun and went up to Mr Sanding, the teacher who felt her up at prom. *I got something to show you,* she said with that smile that melts older men's hearts like butter, with her hands hidden behind her back. *Close your eyes*, she said. **Bang,** the gun yelled. Big chunks of brain flew all over his friends, and his wife, into their eyes and even into one guy's mouth. She regrets it. Can't sleep now for fear of nightmares. Says it's not fair she didn't die -- that we '*averted*' the collision. I don't think she should regret it. I share her nightmares, about the brains and blood -- only, they don't scare me. It's not like I like them... I just don't mind them, is all. It stinks. Like, its insides must be all rotting. It's like sewage. When I prod it with my boot, pus oozes out of its wounded, rotting flesh, and flies take angrily to the air, buzzing around me wishing they were wasps. It feels like kicking a bag of liquid. Sounds like it too, as it squidges and sloshes under my foot. People did worse than murder, so they say. I don't know much about that. Dad won't let me watch the tv, and it's not like there's internet anymore. You can't help wonder though: what's worse than murder? Sarah says living. Why don't I feel like her? I know it was only a dumb moggy, but it was Mr Herrington's, and he loved it. Not that I'll tell him where it is. It's mine now. I killed it. **I** own it. I told Sarah she should be proud of herself. That I wish I'd had the courage to kill a real person. She didn't ask, but I told her anyway. My dad. He never touched me or anything, like that teacher did her. It was other stuff. Small things. Like, on the rare occasions when he'd take me for ice cream or something, he was more interested in the waitresses' asses than how my netball went. I never played. I wouldn't have told him if he'd asked. But he didn't. I wouldn't have told him that I just sat on the bench, cause I never got picked. Just sitting there, rocking back and forth like a piece of jello. But he didn't. A black eyeball plops out this time, as the tip of my boot rocks the cat's head. The *carcass'* head. It's not a cat anymore. I wonder what it'd be like if that was a person's head. How it would feel. I wonder if something's wrong with me. Why I'm not like Sarah and don't feel all that shit she does. But I know the answer. It was only a cat. --- /r/nickofnight 