
Their transmissions were initially ignored. Random signals and radiation from space can often be ignored. Undefined aspects of an infinite and untamed universe mimicking an unnatural output. Then we began to see the patterns. A repeating series of prime numbers, hexadecimal codes, and binary. Encoded messages, calling into the cold void of space. Patterns among dust and stars. To our credit, we solved the messages fairly easily. Nations were able to decipher the key meaning, and to us it reflected our own curiosity. Unanimous calls for research, a hunt for a fellow species. Messages boiled down to a simplistic concept. Was anyone else out there? Was anyone else listening? Some of us didn't want to respond. Some of us were champing at the bit. Impulsiveness carried the day; we responded, knowing that in a few decades we could expect some kind of response. After a few weeks, a universal astronomical response. A massive and previously undetected object appearing between Earth and Mars orbit, making a controlled movement towards Earth. Faster. Faster. Then slower. In all the years of watching the stars, never had there been an object slowing down and preparing to apparently lock into orbit around Earth. We knew what it was. We knew who it was. The questions was why. Invasion? Genocide? Colonization? A starship in orbit, watching our planet and continuously sending images and messages in a strange sort of language. Completely unrecognizable, but in a way, completely human. Like a strange cross between cuneiform and hieroglyphs. Ancient and alien, but subtly human. We were able to communicate eventually, and the ship hailed our planet cautiously, recognizing our star system and orbital trajectory. They'd been here before. The ship itself shone as a massive space station, shielded by some kind of gravitational distortion field that threw any form of debris away from the craft. Look into the night sky, and watch its light stream across. They sent messages proposing peace and prosperity. They wanted to speak with us. They missed us. We assumed the final message to be one of miscommunication, but no translator could debunk it. They missed us. Who was us? Humans? A different occupational species? It didn't truly matter. They spoke to us, travelers of distant galaxies and solar systems, traversing immeasurable distances to tell us that we were missed. That we had once rode among the stars as conquerors and liberators. Humans! How they could subdue. Humans! How they could slaughter. Humans! How they could free. Our communications began to ease as translations were simplified. Overnight, Earth's technology adapted to these new rules and bounds. They spoke to us of a war, a forgotten war to our own species. Humans had last sent an intergalactic craft nearly fifteen thousand years ago, and had once been a species enshrined in a defensive network of satellites and space stations, occupying dozens of star systems. All gone. Lost? No. Destroyed. The alien message had gone into some kind of imperial territory, to a system marked as quarantined. Our system. Humans to be trapped and hidden from the rest of the universe, not protected but restricted. We heard tales of ancient conquerors and tyrants, of heroes and mighty peoples. Defeated and demoralized, placed in isolation. A species on a watch list. Humans. The only true threat to the local cluster of galaxies. No species could adapt so quickly, fight so fiercely, dominate so absolutely. The only species to develop cooperative artificial intelligence. These ancient friends had once sought the protection of our ancestors, and were prepared to return the favor. Our nations were imbued with forgotten knowledge, advanced sciences and philosophies of those who had once ridden among the stars and crushed any who stood in their way. Space could now be folded, morphed and sliced to our whim. Asteroids were ground for their materials, space stations and mining facilities sprung up over a few decades. We were an unruly race, who could barely harness the resources of our own planet. Now we stretch throughout our solar system, growing and expanding everyday. Eventually this empire will return to fight us, but will find a different species. Harder. Stronger. Deadlier. Let them come. We are ready. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato for more stories! 