
I scowled at the claw marks on the door. Huge gouges in the wood, splinters strewn all across the front foyer. Dents in the carpet showed where the flooring had been craterd by impossibly heavy footfalls. I followed them through the house, down the hall around the dining room corner, end tables and cabinets scattered everywhere in the wake of the craters in my *fucking floors*. Swear to God, when I found him... Down the pantry, into the kitchen, a disaster of empty boxes and scattered noodles meats and vegetables. In the sun room, the cupboard door wide open with further food disasters on display, lay a hulking mass of fur and claws. It was easily the size of a pickup truck, nothing but muscle and fang to be seen as it snored. And the snoring! This FUCKING snoring was louder than wasps with chainsaws. Angriy, I went to the silverware draw. The GOOD one, the REAL silver. I grabbed a couple spoons, and threw them at the creature. It's matted hide hissed and smoked as the silver touched it, and the behemoth roared in pain. Fangs bared, claws out, muscles tensing for conflict, the monster roared: "GOD DAMMIT DAD, WHAT THE FUCK WITH THIS SILVER!" I could not believe my ears. "Are you SHITTING me, Ralph! Do you even SEE the mess you made!" Ralph looked around, suddenly sheepishly contrite despite his massive size. "Uh... no?" "Don't you give me that! WHAT have we TOLD YOU about sleeping with the drapes open during a full moon?!" "...Not to do it?" Ralph muttered gutturally. "YES WE SAID NOT TO DO IT!" I slapped my hand to my forehead in frustration. Upstairs, a baby started crying. "Oh just great, you woke your sister." "I'm not the one yelling and making a big deal out of it..." Ralph sulked as he picked some food out from his fangs. Scrabbling claws clattered down the stairwell, as a wolf cub the size of a bicycle bolted down the stairs. "DADDY DADDY DADDY! Why does Ralph get to play and I don't?!" "Carrie! Did you see the moon too. Just... ugh, go back to bed Carrie, he isn't playing." I groaned. "Ralph, shift back and help me clean this up." "Moon's still out..." Ralph shrugged. Annabelle, my wife, walked down the stairs softly, unsure of what all the noise was from. As she stepped down the way, a sliver of full moonlight fell upon her, and she exploded into a mass of fur and fangs. She was full grown, as big as a semi cab, and barely fit inside the living room. "WHO LEFT THE FUCKING DRAPES OPEN!?" she roared. I groaned and cradled my face in my hands. It was going to be one of those nights... 