
"It was an accident!" I said. I really was too, I was just hitting a baseball. I didn't mean to break the window, and I definitely didn't mean to hit her dog. "YOU KILLED HIM!" Megan yelled. She'd had that dog since she was my age. A little chihuahua that never left her side. "You're a monster. I hate you." That happened 3 days ago and she's still yelling at me. I already can't eat, she doesn't have to make it worse. "I hope you die next!" "Megan!" Dad boomed, "your brother didn't mean for that to happen. It was a freak accident, apologize to him now." "No Fuck him i had max before I had HIM!" I don't know why i did it then, to tell her she couldn't know how I feel, to find something to hurt her feelings with, maybe I'd hoped to see this. *how many times have you killed* Megan Donnelly - one kill, accidental, car crash, unaware. Oh god, mom and dad said the man went to the hospital for a concussion. That she was lucky she didn't kill him. I don't think I was supposed to hear that but I know a lot of things I should. *who* Steven Wolf - occupation: electrician, family: none, significance: minimal. The search engine has always been blunt. "I'm sorry Megan, I wish it was me that died." I can't tell her. "Mom, Dad. Can I just go to bed. I don't feel well." "Of course you can sweetheart. I'll bring you up some tea" says mom. "Not until Megan apologizes." Says dad. "I'm sorry, I don't wish you were dead. But I wish I didn't have to see you!" I cry the whole way up to my room, I cry in my room, I feel like I've been crying for hours when dad comes in. "Hey champ, you know your sister didn't mean that right? She's sad and taking it out on you but it's not your fault." "I know dad." Now I cant help it. *how many times have you killed?* Liam Donnelly - 2 kills, 1 accidental, 1 intentional I click on the world intentional. Mathew Johnson - alledged rapist of Megan Donnelly, found innocent under suspicious circumstances. I see a picture of my aunt, I never knew her but dad said my sister looked just like her. He said was always sad, but she looked so happy in this picture. "I'm sorry dad I'm just sad too. Can I be alone." I say, trying to understand what I just learned. "Sure thing champ. I love you so much," he replies. Next up the stairs was mom with my tea. She always knew what to say to me. I inherited the search bar from her. "How are you feeling sweetheart?" *how many times have you killed?* Donna Martin-Donnelly - 372 kills, 0 accidental. "Was it something you searched?" She asks "No mom, I...I just feel guilty is all." "Do you want some tea?" "Yes," I lie, "thanks." 