
Josh was fed up. He was fed up of listening to his parents who went on and on about how he should get a job and move out already. How their neighbours son was so young but he had already found a job. Well that ended today. Josh looked at the convenience store across their house. It would be quiet convenient. It was literally a two minute walk. And it would get his parents off his back as he continued practising his music. Soon enough he'd be great at it and then all he had to do was bump off one of the posers like Tremonti or Kennedy and he'd have his dream job. He looked fondly at his guitar. Soon. He looked at his watch. Almost closing time. He left his house and walked towards the store. He stared inside through the windows and didn't see anyone. Perfect. He took a few deep breaths, steeling himself for what was about to happen. He took out the gun he had taken from his fathers drawer and headed inside. He had known Eric for a while. He was one of those artistic weirdos. He always carried a notebook to capture ideas or whatever. He had been working on his magnum opus novel for the last three years. Josh still didn't know what it was about. Whenever Eric talked about it, he would more often than not start daydreaming. Who read nowadays anyways. But at the very least, Josh was sure he would be an easy target. Eric was one of those anti gun weirdos. "Hey Eric." "Josh. Dude. It's been a..." Josh took out his gun and pointed. "I'm sorry Eric. But I have to do this." "Dude. I thought we were friends. I was gonna give you a signed copy of my novel." "Fuck off with your novel. I don't remember much what it's about but whatever I remember, I can say for sure it will be boring." "Wow everyone's a critic. It's litfic so probably you won't be able to understand it anyways." "Are you calling me an idiot?" "Well yeah. Like I try to be nice to you but it's always been obvious to me..." "Well whatever fuckface. The point is. I want your job." "You don't want this job! The hours are bad and the salary is pathetic. You should try to go after the cashier at fortinos two blocks down." "I would. But I'm ok to sacrifice some money for convenience. Here I save money and time on travel you know." "Yeah understandable. Plus you get so much free time here." "Yeah exactly! I can work on my music during the downtime." "Ooh. That reminds me that I listened to your demo tape that you shared with me the other day. It was okay but I think your guitar work could use some improvement." "You son of a bitch! You just don't understand my genius. And now you have to die. I challenge you to a duel for your job." Eric's eyes darted to behind Josh. Josh felt a hand on his shoulder. A man dressed in black with sunglasses stood there. "Duel this, you little punk." He swung his fist. It was only a couple of seconds but to Josh it felt longer. He noticed the massive and the ring the guy was wearing. He knew that if that connected he'd probably not wake up for a couple of hours. And he panicked. The shot rang out and echoed in the little store. Blood gushed out of the stranger's neck. In that moment of clarity Josh remembered thinking that no one warned you about the sound and smell of a gunshot. A woman dressed in black ran into the store, her gun drawn. "Mr. White!" She bent down next to the man and put her hand on his neck. "Dead." She looked at both of them. Eric with his hands raised and Josh, frozen in place looking like he was about to puke. "It was you then?" "It was an accident i swear. I didn't mean to." "His walkie was on. That counts as a duel." "What?! No no. I came here to duel him." Josh pointed to Eric. "We'll be that as may, you just defeated my partner in a duel. So congrats you have his job now." Josh took in a big breath. "What... what did he do?" "He was an agent that did off the books wetwork for various three letter agencies. And we were about to leave on a mission. Hope you have a passport kid. Also, you have about three days to become an expert with a sniper rifle." 