
"You're *pun*der arrest! You have the right to remain silent," I told him as I man-handled him into the back of the police cruiser. "Everything you say can and will be used against you to make puns." We'd had to make a few little tweaks to the Miranda warning ever since bad jokes became physically hurtful. "I didn't do nothing!" he shouted at me as I got back into the driver's seat. They always ignore the warning, don't they? "Well sounds like Nothing is a lucky gal," I replied. He winced and rolled his eyes, but I was just getting started. Dad Jokes were just an appetizer in the meal I was about to serve him. I fumbled around at my seatbelt, making exaggerated sounds of frustration until he stopped complaining. Finally, I managed to get it on. "Sorry for the delay," I told him. "I couldn't figure it out, and then it just clicked." He gripped the barrier between us and shook it violently, gritting his teeth. "You should have stopped when we told you. High speed chases never work out for the criminals. I would not... **wreck**-amend it!" He rolled in agony, struggling against his handcuffs to cover his ears. "And the end of the crash, when you clipped that billboard? So ominous!" He managed to open his eyes, which had been screwed tight. "What?" "Ominous," I repeated. He grimaced at me, only just realizing what was about to happen. "Because now it's a bad sign!" "*Fuck*" he whispered to himself. Walked right into that one.... He'd had enough for now. Time to call this one in. "This is Officer Rodriguez... After *combing* the area for that wig thief, high speed pursuit had ended and the victim is in custody. I am bringing him in now. Time to undergo mitosis, because we're going to need another cell!" The radio crackled to life. "Damnit, Rodriguez... how many times have we told you not to to do that over the radio?" "Sorry, sir. I must have been abducted or something." I had the bad misfortune to enjoy my job a little too much. No reason to subject the other officers to that torture. But I couldn't help but smile... "...abducted?" asked the other officer over the radio. "No, don't!" yelled the criminal from the backseat. But the radio wasn't transmitting; they couldn't hear him. "Yeah," I said. "Because I got carried away..." 