
It wasn't just the fact that you had to be able to defend your post and your decisions, no, It was also the fact that you had to prove your conviction as well, a chance for you to show that what you said during your campaign was genuine. Rowan knelt before his Rhydon, examining him. "Whew. Thanks, Ronnie. That one was really close." The Rhydon gave a small grunt in response as Rowan checked the many cracks in its plated skin. "Yikes. It'll sting, but I got just the thing for you." He said, grabbing a hyper potion from his pouch. *Why did I agree to climb this tower in particular?* He thought to himself as Ronnie shuddered and cried in pain as the medicine did its work. He sighed. *You know full well why.* Came the small, determined voice in the back of his mind. His predecessor was smarter - choosing to visit the Lake Trio instead. It didn't involve a dangerous climb in an abandoned tower full of strong Pokemon, no. He just took a leisure trip to his lake of choice instead. He patted Ronnie and offered the enormous Rhydon a berry, which it took with a grateful grunt. *You could do that, yes, but it would not be enough. Your predecessor had a tumultuous four years, and you promised you'd do better.* "Ronnie, I'll have you rest a bit in your ball." The Rhydon loudly grunted in protest and concern. "No, it's okay. Don't worry. I have the others. I'll call on you again at the top if I need it." A small, resigned grunt, and soon Rowan was alone in the tower. He checked his labeled balls. *Starmie is an obvious choice, so is Flygon, but I can't shake the feeling I will need them at the top later. Houndoom? Possibly good enough. He could double-team with Xatu.* He sighed. Oh, how he missed Jen, his Audino. She was great emotional support, but he couldn't justify bringing her to such a dangerous place. "Janus, Saul." He said, and both the fire hound and the mystic bird emerged from their pokeballs. "You both know where we are, and we all know how dangerous it is. I need your help to climb this, and you both need to work together for it." Janus the Houndoom gave a small bark in acknowledgement. Saul the Xatu simply stared, as it always did. "Alright, let's go, to the aerie." ------ Exhausted, with most of his party fainted or nearing the point, Rowan reached the top of the tower. The last floor was open on all sides, and Rowan both felt his eyes hurt from the brightness of the sun and the wind blow through his coat, threatening to make him lose his footing. He looked around with Dahl the Flygon (his last pokemon in reasonable fighting condition) by his side, but they were alone. "Dahl." He said, touching the dragon on its shoulder. "I need to go alone from here on now." The Flygon chirped in distress at that, but Rowan rubbed it until it calmed. "Don't worry, I'll call you when it is time to leave." As Dahl retreated into its ball, Rowan slowly made his way to the center of the topmost floor of Dragonspiral Tower. This was it. This was all he fought for. This would legitimize his presidency and would minimize challenges for his post for the duration of his term. He threw both hands to his sides. "I AM ROWAN. NEWLY ELECTED LEADER OF MY PEOPLE. I SEEK THE AID FROM THE HARBINGER OF TRUTH, ONE WHO WILL DEEM ME JUST AND WORTHY AND PROVE MY FOLLOWERS I SPOKE NOT FALSEHOODS, BUT PROMISES TO BE FULFILLED." "I SEEK THE AID OF THE LEGENDARY CREATURE, GUARDIAN OF TRUTH, RESHIRAM." Rowan waited, both arms outstretched. Nothing happened. He felt his ragged breathing through the wind, and doubt crossed his mind. *Was I not truthful enough?* Slight panic started to come over him. *Am I unworthy?* He thought about what would happen if he returned empty-handed to his newly-elected position. *No. Please. I just seek to help my people. I need to prove to them their faith in me was not in vain. Please-* A gust of wind, sudden and powerful, nearly threw Rowan to the ground. He looked around, but what he saw was not the enormous, powerful and white figure of Reshiram, but a large, black dragon-like figure, coldly staring down at him. *Zekrom?* *Guardian of Ideals. Not truth.* Rowan smiled to himself. *I see. I was misguided after all.* "I SEEK TO PROVE MY WORTH TO YOU, ZEKROM, GUARDIAN OF IDEALS. GRANT ME THIS OPPORTUNITY!" The enormous dragon roared, but Rowan stood his ground. *It is time.* 