
It was quite ordinary, really. A mundane machine selling normal items like gum and chips. Hell, even the mechanisms inside appeared to be in normal working order, but I knew this wasn't the case. Every year this very vending machine was the cause of exactly 4 deaths. The deaths weren't always caused by the machine tipping over as most believed. Sometimes a loose wire electrocuted the user. Other times the food dispensed would cause them to choke to death, but it was always the same machine. Most contributed it to bad luck or user error, but I knew the real reason: this machine was an SCP. A strange object or being that didn't always abide by our laws of physics. I've personally witnessed hallways that go on for an eternity, and demons capable of phasing through walls. My job was to contain these beings and send them in for further testing. Catching them was typically the most difficult part of the job, but back to the vending machine. At first I wasn't quite sure it was one of these objects, but over time it became clear. First nobody ever claimed ownership of the machine, meaning that there just wasn't an owner, and there never had been. This would mean that either someone had been collecting the money it made and restocking the food inside by themselves, or *it* had been doing it. Me and my team began to carefully take the machine apart, and it seemed surprisingly normal. "Be careful with this thing we don't exactly know what it's capable of." "We'll be fine Don, just last week I had to take down a monster twice your size I can handle a vending machine" "Yeah a vending machine that killed someone just last week, how has nobody noticed the high death rate from this one machine anyways?" I whispered "Story is anytime somebody tries to come take it away they wind up dead. It may just be a machine, but it's got some sort of intelligence" The machine began to hum as we opened the back to take a look inside. Jack took a look up from the diagram he held back to the machine. "I mean this looks to be in working order to me, but like you said there's no cash in here. Matter of fact there's not even a tray for money in here. We better take i-" "No! I mean yeah we better take a look at the food inside then leave it alone. Everything looks fine here right Jack? Just an ordinary machine." Jack stared at me confused then it clicked in his head. "Uh oh oh yeah! Sounds good" I walked to the front of the machine and kept a safe distance observing the food just beyond the clear glass. "Boy that snickers sure does look good! Oh boy a king size?" The machine whirred to life and the coil slowly rotated dispensing the snickers into the tray below. This son of a bitch machine was trying to bait me with a candy bar. "Uhhhh id prefer a twix though, and Jacko here would like some beef jerky, right Jack?" Jack nodded then stared as the machine dispensed beef jerky and a king size twix bar. I hestitated then spoke again "Matter if fact give me a 1992 original Crystal Pepsi." The machine whirred to life once more creating the drink from thin air. I stepped forward as the machine grew louder anticipating my movement. I reached into the flap to retrieve my unhealthy medely of food when the machine began to tilt forward. "Don what the hell are you doing!" I jumped back just in time as the heavy machine fell to the ground with a loud crash. "Calm down Jack. I don't plan on dying to some food dispenser, whether it wants to kill me or not." The machine tilted itself back up and wobbled towards me as its metal legs screeched across the cement floor. Well that's new The chord powering the machine ripped itself out of the wall as it gained speed and continued to move. "Don what the hell do I do shoot it?!" "Don't worry about it I told you I'm not letting this dumb thing touch me" I dodged the machine with little effort as it charged passed me and into the wall with another loud crash. It spun around quickly and shot the front glass panel towards me. I ducked as the panel slammed into the brick behind and shattered sending glass under my feet. It came charging towards me once more with the sharp coils now exposed. There was no time to move now. I dropped to the floor with my back against the wall and used my legs to hold the machine at bay. The coils of metal began to turn sending snacks raining down on me as they spiralled closer. Sweat ran down my head as I struggled to keep the machine from impaling me. I was going to die to some dumbass magic vending machine. I've dealt with hundreds of creatures more dangerous than this thing, but this was it. The machine came to a halt just feet before impaling me into the brick wall and slowly screeched back to the wall it originally sat against. The glass picked itself off the ground and pieced itself back into the shape of the front panel. Jack stood behind it panting heavily. "I just plugged the asshole back into his original outlet and he reset. I guess we should find a way to take it in now huh? Also, I think you almost died to a vending machine back there" I fell to my knees as the adrenaline from almost dying began to wear off and spoke between breaths. "Heh, yeah sure I had that handled...thanks Jack. So uh we should probably call in someone to come get this thing?" "Yeah, sure, I think I'm gunna stay away from this one Don" 