
She looked out over the abyss and saw it was beautiful. There was no more stars, no more planets or galaxies spinning in the sky. The gods in the sky and even time itself had fallen to their knees for her. She was the ultimate keeper, after all, obsessed with what the end would bring her. In her state, she was almost giddy with excitement, with the thought of what she was about to do. She felt like a child on Christmas or a teenager finally asking their date to the homecoming dance. If she had been human, she would have been dancing with joy at the end of all things. She could see the little blip of light just out of her reach on the horizon. That's where she would find him, waiting for her like an old lover. He sat with his toes in the stream, his little oasis all but empty, the babbling brook the only sound in the universe. He knew that soon she would come and they would finally be together forever. He had waited for this day for as long as he could remember, knowing that she would save him till the very end. It was poetic, in a way. Terribly sappy and cliched, but at least at last they could finally embrace, even if she had to devour the forces of the universe to get to him. Cupping his hands together, he breathed gently into them, a small field mouse now sitting in his ebony colored palm. He smiled at the tiny mouse, knowing that this was the last life that he would ever create. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up and he turned his eyes towards the other side of the creek, his heart practically jumping out of his chest when he saw her in her beautiful black dress, billowing in the breeze of the cosmos. She was just as beautiful as the day that he had set eyes on her. How cruel they had to stay apart for so long, only to meet at the edge of the universe. "Hello, Dahlia." His voice rumbled like an avalanche spilling over the mountains, "Long time." She nodded slightly, her bright blue eyes staring at him as her pale hair brushed past her pink lips, "It's good to see you again, Lazarus." He stood and put the field mouse down into the grass. The little creature took one look at Dahlia and jumped into the water. Not knowing how to swim, its poor little body was instantly washed away by the current. A few moments went by and suddenly, a tiny nose poked out from beneath her dress. She stooped down to pick it up and it licked her nose, making her smile. "I missed you." She admitted, the mouse disappearing into a puff of smoke, "It's been..." "12 trillion years, give or take a billion," He said with a laugh, "But I guess everything must end. Even me, my dear." She smiled sadly, and nodded, "As much as I wish it didn't have to be this way, but it was the only way I could get to you. I couldn't wait any longer." "Did you like the gifts I sent to you?" He asked, wringing his hands nervously. "Of course! I think the elephants were my favorites," She admitted, brushing a strand of loose hair behind her ear, "So majestic and strong. Where did you come up with those?" "I wanted something big to impress you," He responded, taking a step into the water that had now slowed to a trickle, "Did it?" "Of course! Everything you made impressed me." She said, reaching her hand out to him. He took it and felt as if he was touching an electric socket. His body instantly convulsed and his heart ceased to be. The world was fading as Dahlia pulled him in and for the first time in eternity, finally found the other's embrace. "I love you, Lazarus. Thank you for waiting." "I would have waited forever, my Dahlia." He gasped as their lips connected. The light on the horizon faded and like the beginning, everything went to black. *EDIT* bless you kind Redditor for the gold! You humble me, truly! *DOUBLE EDIT* Good lord, you guys are the best! Thank you so much again for the gold! 