
It is comforting to know that if you forget your password you can simply reset it, so long as you can recall your mother's maiden name and, of course, provide proof that you are not in some way-shape-or-form a robot. It is the later of these two that Vester struggled with. He hadn't always been classified as a robot, prior to the transplant he had been very much human, and very much able to remember his password. But during the operation something had gone terribly wrong. Vester had tried to ask the doctors how transplanting a bionic heart had cause him to loose ninety five percent of his memories, but he'd forgotten how to speak and so he couldn't. And within that five percent that was left standing the most vital of memories had been lost. His password, the key to his account. His account was his mind, a mind that had been backed up to the cloud. If Vester wanted his memories back, if he wanted his *life* back, then he'd have to recover his password the old fashioned way. And what way was that? A quick trip to the Himalayas to meet the Grand Master of Technology, the Father of Email, and the Retainer of All Passwords. I say a quick trip, but unfortunately for Vester I do not mean it. It would take him half a century to find the Man Anonymous, and when finally he did Vester would be greatly disappointed. *** "The Himalayas, you're absolutely certain?" by some miracle Vester had recovered his speech (that miracle was an implant that had cost him several thousand dollars, not that he'd remember spending them until his memories were returned - modern medicine, everyone). The lady behind the perspex screen levelled her gaze upon Vester. He wasn't a particularly handsome man, nor was he particularly tall, and so the lady at the help desk wasn't particularly interested in helping at all. She simply blew a bright pink bubble with her gum, then pointed at the sign that hung behind her. It read; *If you're suffering from a medical emergency please take a seat, a doctor will be with you shortly.* *If you're suffering from a technological emergency please locate your nearest I-Store on the map.* *And if, God forbid, you've forgotten your password, then yes, you will have to find the man in the Himalayas.* "Helpful." Vester muttered. The lady shrugged, drew down a blind to cover up the screen she stood behind, and then spent the rest of that afternoon pretending to do cross word puzzles. Vester left the emergency room, found the nearest airport (which was half an hour away by foot, two and half hours by taxi - Vester chose to travel via taxi) then bought the next ticket out to Nepal. *** "I'm here to try and find my password." Vester was regarded with about as much warmth as the lady at the help desk had afforded, and promptly told to go and find the man at the foot of the mountains who was carrying the red balloons. Vester saw blue, he saw yellow, he saw pink, grey and green. But he couldn't see a single red balloon. It seemed to him that the colours denoted how helpful your guide was going to be, and from the looks of things it seemed his guide would be no help what so ever. *I can see a theme recurring here.* Vester cursed his rotten luck. He felt he must have had some profanity scrawled across his forehead. Something like; *you twopgobbler -* just offensive enough to cause complete strangers to take an instant disliking to him. He searched for a mirror in hopes he might check his forehead, but he was in the Himilayas now, and mirrors were in short supply. *Onward and upwards.* Vester thought, and then another through (not of his own) intruded on this first. *I wouldn't go up, if I were you.* Vester jumped and nearly hit his head on a low outcropping of rock. *That was close.* He thought. *Not close enough, it might have knocked some sense into that thick skull of yours.* There it was again, the thought inside his head that wasn't of his own creation. *Who are you?* *Look up.* Vester did, and hit his head on nothing in particular. The thought inside of him had started laughing. And then he saw it, hovering above the mountains so very far away. A bright red balloon, mocking him unfairly. *I guess I've found my guide.* Vester thought, and waited for some sort of clever reply. But none came, mostly because (just like the lady at the help desk) his guide wasn't all that interested in helping him. "Onward and downwards." Vester sighed, "I really hope all this is worth it." It wouldn't be. Honestly, most of Vester's memories were better left forgotten. But he wasn't to know that, so onward and downward he went, to get lost among the maze that was the Himalayas. &#x200B; Feel free to check out more of my short stories at r/talesofallure 