
... They came in waves. At night, swift, they rolled into the towns and cities first, ready to strike these alien lifeforms down in one fell swoop. What could go wrong? These strangers were so soft, so fragile, no danger to the superior strength and build of the Rh'a. They wouldn't know what hit them, and soon, the planet would be theirs. Finally a place to call home again. They rushed in, with bombs and gas, and man-to-man combat, slaying these beings left and right. It was fast, the results instant, and the darkness wasn't even over before the commander declared the conquest successful. A glorious win. The planet was theirs, the future about to begin... ... except... The slain rose again. First one - and granted, maybe he hadn't actually been completely dead, maybe it was a last effort to survive that made him scramble to his feet and lunge for the Rh'a. Another dose of gas would take care of him, and then the celebrations could begin. But it wasn't just one. Another presumed dead rose, then another, another, so many more. The Rh'a exchanged glances, confused, their hive mind trying to make sense of it all and failing. They brought more gas, more bombs. They slashed open the fragile bodies, entrails spilling free, heads coming off, and still the mouths were trying to bite, the eyes listless and blind staring into nothing, hands reaching for something, and the Rh'a began backing away. There were so many of them. All dead - or, they should have been. Nothing had prepared them for this. They had studied these aliens, had watched them for weeks before deciding to make their move. A civilization that seemed normal if not as advanced as others they had encountered. Millions of soft creatures living their boring harmless lives, the one oddity maybe being their rather fierce burial rituals. These aliens would impale sharp glistening objects of some form directly in the heads of their dead before burning them. It had seemed so... barbaric, unnecessary. And yet, as the Rh'a suddenly found themselves getting run over by these fearless, undeterred creatures, they began to see that maybe the burial rituals hadn't been so unreasonable after all. In fact, maybe stabbing these *things* in the head was the only way to make them stay down. Unfortunately for them, the realization came a little too late and thus the glorious win of the Rh'a was turned into a sad loss after all, as not one but two species were almost completely obliterated that night. And only death won. 