
The line moves forward. *'Breaker of 28 vases in one night'.* Ahead of me, Dahlia smiles dreamily at nothing. Born on the same day, we'd been forced to be best friends as children and the habit kind of stuck. Traditions are a pretty important thing in our town. The Title Ceremony continues. *'Slept for 8 nights in a tree without falling out.'* Each person at the front of the queue climbs to the stage to stand beside Glenda. The entire town is sitting or standing in front of the platform to hear the greatest accomplishment of that person; some excited to hear wonderful things overcome, some merely to pry into the secret shames of others' pasts. Most are a bit of both. *'Dug up a troublesome mole on the first try.'* It's said here that knowing your most defining moment makes you more determined. Whether it's to improve what you have done or to actively strive to never, ever repeat the mistakes of the past, it moulds you. Gives you direction. *'Ate a week old sandwich and didn't feel sick.'* Dahlia was next. She climbed the few stairs with ease. Grace, I thought. Glenda smiled warmly at her, the chicken tattoo on her forehead distorting as her brow wrinkled. I tensed. Knowing her so intimately, so well, I was desperate to know what her greatest achievement was. I'd seen her do so much in our misspent youths. Me twisting in pubescent angst, her demurely sat on the sidelines. Never getting involved but somehow being part of it all. *'Fell from the Great Tree and lived'.* Ok, that was unexpected but... Somehow explained a lot. The Great Tree that our elder lived in was at least as high at 5 men. That sort of drop wasn't something that people *lived* through, as a rule. I thought I'd been there for everything with her, but apparently I'd missed a bit. Possibly a crucial bit. This was something we would definitely need to discuss later. Dahlia glided away towards her family group. They crowded around her, murmuring, patting her head. Someone gave her a biscuit. Looked like chocolate chip. *'Trained a flock of geese to attack on command.'* The line was moving forward again. Just a couple left now. *'Convinced kangaroo you were it's joey for 2 days.'* I remember that one. That guy was only about 4 when he put the Joey in his bed and ran off with the 'roo, thinking his mum wouldn't notice the difference. She noticed the difference. *'Became Master Archer of New Sun festival.'* My mother was standing in the crowd, pride beaming from her every pore. *'Fought a honeybadger and won with minimal injury.'* She had always dreamed of watching her child walk this line. As her only living offspring, I had a lot of hope to live up to. *'Convinced friends that a rock was a new type of beetle.'* Ahhh, that guy got me with that one. I swear he carved the thing... Oh it's my turn. Hope I make people proud. "1,586... Phallic objects... carved into trees." Glenda did not look proud. My mum did not look proud. I am not proud. It's not my fault, the shape is just so easy to draw and it's too easy to doodle when you let your mind wander... Anyway, who had been watching me, counting these things? Surely that's harassment. I clomped off stage. This is not how I expected to be remembered. But hey, if that's my legacy then that's how it's going to be. Why hide your true nature. I shall be... Richard the Carver. And phalli shall be my signature. 