
People are born with the ability to magically manipulate any one substance. It has been this way for centuries. Most people get something mundane like manipulation of Xenon or the Luminiferous Aether, but some people actually get something useful like the ability to manipulate fire or Oxygen. But my ability was unique; no one had ever been able to manipulate the element of Surprise before. And now... hold on a second, someone is trying to interrupt my writing. And now that person is surprised to discover that a sword is sticking out of his chest and is about to kill him. So, as I was saying, no one in the history of these powers had this ability before. So I was the first person to do any of these things. Many of my classmates in school had much flashier things that they could manipulate. Eric, the class jock, could even manipulate electricity. Sadly, he never actually figured out how to use his power to it's greatest effectiveness. He could have been a soldier and killed many people by using his power to stop their hearts from beating; he could have been a vigilante superhero who stopped villains in their tracks by stopping their central nervous systems; he could have designed computers with amazing precision, speeding up the development of human society by a few years. But, sadly, he never did anything of that sort because he couldn't think of anything better to do than juvenile pranks, especially against me. I didn't even have to use my powers to not be surprised by his lack of doing anything. I wasn't the most popular kid, because people never thought that I would do anything with my powers. I mean, what can you do with the ability to control surprise? You'd be surprised about how much I can do, just by controlling surprise. And not because I'd have to make you be surprised. For example, the authorities currently don't know that I'm raising a robot army to attack people with and take over the world. Why don't they know that? They will be surprised when I launch my attack. How do I know it will work? I will be surprised at how effective they are, and at how no one is strong enough to stop them. And after that happens, an unlikely hero from a small town will rise against me to stop me. And he will be surprised that he has forgotten all his powers and all his training. I love surprises. Also, I love surprise parties, which I get for my birthday every year. 