
Karen and Lewis stared at one another in horrified fascination as they listened to Dave and Rachel yell in the apartment next door. The walls were thin enough to hear every word perfectly. Karen crossed herself and muttered a little prayer as the obscenities flew back and forth, but still turned off the TV to hear better. "Goddammit Rachel, how many times do I have to ask you to not parade around in that stupid furry costume? I know you like it, but it's not my thing, ok? It's just not my thing!" Dave said. "Though I can see why you might want to obscure your face at night. Jesus, no wonder you have so much makeup. You need it to maintain the illusion that you have cheekbones and eyebrows, for one thing." "Furry costume?" Lewis muttered, listening intently to the neighbours' argument. "What is that?" Karen just shook her head, speechless. And they thought their last neighbours, college students who loved partying at 3AM, had been bad. "Oh, and I suppose you think you're fucking Brad Pitt?" Rachel screamed. "I wish I was, rather than settling for you. He broke up with Angelina Jolie, so I have a chance," Dave countered, eliciting shocked gasps from Karen and Lewis. ----- In the apartment next door, two people were leaning on each other for support as they heaved with laughter. "They've turned off the TV," Rachel whispered, wiping tears from her eyes as she listened carefully. "Well, if you're so unhappy, let's bring other people into this and see what they say! You always said you wanted a more open relationship, let's do this!" she said loudly. "I'm on board! We'll hold a little party on Friday and have a race to see who gets another partner first, how about that? If I win, I don't want to hear another word from you about my costume." Dave leaned in and stole a kiss, still laughing. "I still can't believe I found you," he whispered, so the neighbours wouldn't hear. "I love you, you know that?" Her Tinder bio had matched his to an eerie extent. *Stand-up comedian on the look-out for someone to have roasting matches with, mess with other people for shit and giggles, the usual*. It had been constant entertainment since they'd moved in next to Karen and Lewis, a young, painfully conservative couple. They soon realised their new neighbours were obsessed with eavesdropping. Well, you couldn't disappoint an audience who wanted to listen to you that desperately. Lewis and Karen now clutched at their crosses every time they caught a glimpse of their neighbours. After Rachel and Dave had that loud conversation about the merits of Satanism, Karen had actually stifled a little scream when she saw them the next day. They *would* tell Lewis and Karen everything soon enough, before the two called the police. But for now, it was too much fun to see their strained smiles and glances at one another when they met the other couple in the hallways. "Fine!" Dave said, as he broke the kiss and started yelling again for their audience. "We'll invite everyone we know and see what happens. Even Karen and Lewis! Especially Karen. I bet she looks fine beneath those long-sleeved dresses!" Karen gave a squeak of alarm in the other apartment as Lewis gripped her hand. Rachel stopped laughing. "Dude, I want to drag this on for a bit longer than Friday, we can't ask them. Let them wonder about what's happening at the party." "Uhm, no, not Karen and Lewis!" he yelled, nodding at Rachel. "I take that back! But yeah, everyone else we know, let's have an orgy!" "Finally, we agree on something. I'll pick up some toys tomorrow," Rachel said. "You get the snacks. I'll make a playlist of metal music. And a few pagan folk songs, perhaps? Is that fine? "What kind of question is that?" Dave asked. "Sometimes, I remember why I love you," Rachel said. Lewis and Karen suddenly heard loud kissing sounds. Karen buried her face in her hands as the fighting died down. As it always did, eventually. The couple had a unnerving habit of switching from screaming matches to romance. "The Lord is testing us," she whispered. Lewis nodded and patted her hand, privately disappointed that they'd been uninvited. Listening through the walls was so unsatisfactory, sometimes. ------------ Hope you liked my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. 