
I sat up from my cloud and stretched my disproportionately small arms. "Maaaan that feels good. Let's see here, how long have I been out?" I looked at the stars to see which ones are still there. Polaris Australis seems to have vanished from the sky in the time I was asleep. "Huh, seems I overslept a little. I should really set an alarm next time." I looked down on the earth to check how my creations evolved in the meager 65 million years I gave them to live about their daily lives on their own. But where are they? A migration? I quickly checked the other side of the earth. Nothing. Could they have reverted back to their days in the oceans? I swept through the deepest part of the oceans only to find few that slightly resembled what I had once created. I searched caves across the globe only to find the remnants of my creations in the form of fossils. I returned to the cloud and sat down, at a loss for words. Deus Mamallis happened across the sky and noticed me. He looked happy to see me at first, then his eyebrows creased in concern. He approached and spoke. "Tyrann! I haven't seen you in ages! Um, I suppose you noticed there has been some changes." "Some changes? Nothing that I created lives anymore! What have you done??" I responded. "No, no, not me! It was a meteor or...a few of them really. Wiped almost everything out. I'm not really sure who is responsible for that one. Wasn't supposed to happen for a few billion years, but looks like the timeline got sped up." I only stared in response, how could I possibly rebuild. Everything I had worked towards was gone. "It's not all bad though! Gave us all a blank slate actually, come see my new work. I think you'll like it. I call them, 'humans'." I surveyed his creations mingling about in odd ways. "They are so...tiny." "Don't let that fool you, they've come a long way in a very short span of time. They even claimed some of my other creations and bred them for different purposes. They call this new domesticated breed a 'dog'. They get along quite well with each other. Seems they have a bit of their old man's creationist instinct, eh?" Now that I looked more carefully, they took over the entire planet. Just as my creations had once done. I looked to Mamallis, a god who was previously nothing in comparison to me, and I begged him. "There must be somewhere I can rebuild. A god is no god without his creations." I pleaded. He looked back deeply saddened that his own creations were not enough to satisfy me, yet he understood just as any god would. "Where could we possibly put them now? These beings would oppose each other at length until only one or the other survived. We both know that." I scanned the horizon and found a single island uninhabited by his creations. Though close enough that they may one day be discovered. A good place to begin. "There." I pointed to the island. "I will rebuild there." 