
The plan was madness. Sheer, utter, madness. But they were out of options. Iraka shuddered as the metal spikes connected to his palps and chelicerae, easily punching through the delicate cuticles to the flesh beneath. It wasn't an elegant solution, but it would allow movement of his mouthpieces to be translated into commands. He only had eight limbs, after all. Even with each of his arms wired for motion, it wasn't enough to manage all the fine control needed. The engineers had, therefore, gotten creative with the interface, finding other ways of translating body motion into the alien equivalents. There was a direct neural interface as well, of course. The connection points were attached to his cephalothorax. The weight of the neural rig would have been uncomfortable, if he wasn't completely suspended and buoyant in some kind of cushioning gel. But the neural systems were relatively untested and extremely unpredictable. Brain-computer interfaces weren't popular among the people. There were moral issues that centums of development had still not adequately solved. Iraka knew that with his biology wired into the machinery, like this, there would be no going back. But as the great eggbearer had once said - for the desperate, all was permissible. There were other tubes and connections, too, conduits hooked up to his spiracles, feeding him with a special oxygenated mix instead of regular air... and many other lines running into his body, making him feel like a larvae's antiprism. The life support systems were necessary, because his body had been heavily modified to the limits of the people's science. So heavily modified, in truth, that he could no longer survive outside the artificial environment of his pod. Yet, in exchange, he was effectively immortal. Or undying, at least, so long as all the technology remained functional. He could still perish in combat, but the pod was designed to keep him alive far longer than any member of the people should reasonably expect to live. But that too was necessary, for this was a war unlike any the people had fought. Iraka had never seen the homeworld. Neither had his eggbearer, or her eggbearer before her. They were descendants, now, the nymphs and larvae of the original task force. They'd lost contact with the rest of the people early on. Mere decicentums after landing, both the central command vessel and the auxiliaries had been lost, and along with them, all of the fleet's superluminal pulse generators. As far as they knew, they were on their own. Contrary to the intelligence reports, the world they'd arrived on was not an uninhabited planet, ripe for colonisation. No, it was a world of monsters, its biosphere comprised of hostile megafauna unlike anything the people had ever catalogued. This was a war unlike anything in recorded history, because they were not fighting for conquest, but mere survival. By now, their resources were dwindling. Iraka had been one of the circle of eight that had conceived of this final, desperate, plan. He knew it was foolish, but what else was there? They didn't have the industrial capacity to fight back in any other meaningful way. No, the only thing left was to use this excreting-nephridium world's ecology against it. Turning it against itself... or, if all went well, harnessing it for the people's survival. "This is Iraka," he said, vocalising his thoughts. "Readiness check." "This is command," came the distant reply. "Connectivity is strong. Synchronisation is ready. We are able to act." "Action," Iraka ordered. At once, he felt the systems seize control, flooding his brain with strange, nearly incomprehensible sensations. The interior of the pod seemed to melt away, as his senses were gradually replaced by those of another. It was sheer luck that, despite the alienness of the local megafauna's biology, they still had identifiable brains and nerves that functioned via electrical impulses. The magnitude of the creatures was, of course, beyond anything surveyed. But they were, in the end, comprehensible. Iraka opened his eyes. Not his five eyes, located laterally on his body, but a mere two eyes - although each was vast, the size of a vessel of the fleet. He moved his two new forelimbs, flexing both the limbs themselves, then each of the five sub-limbs located at the end of the appendages. He knew the movements were ponderous by the normal timescale of the people, but the interface was altering his own perception of time to match that of the native species. It had worked. There was hope. &nbsp; *** EDIT: Changed the word 'macrofauna' to 'megafauna', as noted by /u/waka324 