
You ever heard of plot armor? How your favorite heroes get out of ridiculous situations despite there being no good reason for them to be able to succeed? 100 luck is like having plot armor. You can't die. You can't lose. People wonder at how bad luck fits into the equation, and simply put, at 100 you have no bad luck. At 1.... well, they usually don't even make it out of the womb. That being said, I have 100 luck. Not bad, right? I could do whatever I want and succeed. If I wanted to do brain surgery I could close my eyes and swing at the patient's brain with a sledgehammer, so long as I want them to live and heal, somehow it'll go right. There's a lot of capacity for good, a lot for bad. A few years ago someone with 100 luck threw a dart into the air aiming for German chancellor's head... while they were sitting in Hawaii. That dart rode the wind currents across the world right into Berlin where it blew the chancellor's head off. A dart they half-heartedly tossed while sipping a fucking mojito. This was rare, since most 100 luck people are thrown into jail. Myself included. What I've been trying to figure out is how this prison at the bottom of the Atlantic is fair or lucky. I got my answer when the world exploded. Someone got uppity with the nukes, one thing led to another, now our air tight prison is floating through space. Pretty lucky to be the only survivors. On top of that, we have 500 males and 500 females on board our little slice of life. I'd say we have a good shot at repopulation, especially since each guy has a gal and each gal has a guy. Everyone has fallen in love perfectly with one person that nobody else loved. Big shocker here, one couple already had a kid. Okay, whatever. Thing is, she has a 100 luck rating as well. I'd venture a guess we'll all be having 100 luck kids. I was worried we'd run out of food, but a warehouse full of it somehow crashed into our big home and created an air tight seal. We estimate a good 30 years out of it. It's not a problem until it's a problem, you know? I'm kind of assuming we'll crash land on some world lush with life and perfect for our survival. A literal paradise. I'll be honest, the future seems bright. Hell, I bet we could even conquer the universe. Edit: Part 2 is up! https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8uu474/comment/e1ir4bh?st=JJ0IWUHY&sh=0aa9d3dc Edit 2: I'm going to work on a Part 3 later today, I'll shoot replies to those of you looking for it. It will likely take the form of an HFY post just for organization and depending on how far I want to bring this. 