
I think I was at work when it happened. It's vague because I'm still trying to recover from this event that changed our life forever. An event so powerful that you can split your life into two sections; the BC and the AD. Let me tell you the story. It was just another day. A Thursday if I can remember right. I got in to work, as I usually do. Always on time, I take pride in my work. It's an office job, nothing special, but the colleagues are nice. We were taking our 10am coffee break, as we usually do. Again, nothing unusual until this point. Mark and Lucy showed up right on time, holding their cup with their arm into a firm L-shape, as if they were scared to spill their empty cup. I pushed the button to get the machine to brew the coffee, and that's when it got weird. You know how when things are so normal that you don't notice? Like that feeling of driving for 20 minutes on the highway while somehow losing focus on the driving aspect. Your brain is on automatic. The coffee machine was doing its normal thing. Grinding the beans then having this constant humming while the water is being filtered through the ground coffee. Then halfway through, the humming stopped. "Oh no, is it broken?" said Lucy. She had a disappointing look at the machine, empty cup in hand still held at a straight angle. "No look, the coffee is still filtering through. As long as it survives long enough for us three, I'll place a service-call with our main desk after we're done." pointed Mark, as he placed his empty cup under the coffee machine as soon as I removed my mug. We got through our morning coffee ritual without any issue. The humming was different, but the coffee was delicious. But it's only when I got back to my desk that I realized something else was wrong. It's hard to describe, but it was that feeling that something was different. The white noise from the neon lights on the ceiling; the humming of the monitor's refresh rate. I could also tell all my colleagues were feeling it too. They were all subtly looking left and right, staring at objects they would normally not pay attention to. I opened my favorite news site and that's when my heart skipped its first beat. "BREAKING NEWS: Astronomers report that Moon is missing." This couldn't be right. How could the Moon be missing? I remember clicking the news headline. My hand was shaking and I could feel the strong heartbeat in my neck. The scientists said they got alerted this morning after all the noise in their office changed pitch and frequencies. After a few minutes of panic, a few people looked up to the sky to see if anything was awry. And that was it. Nobody's sure yet what happened to it. There's no real proof or evidence. Some crazy people on social media are claiming they've seen it explode. Some claim they noticed it just disappeared, the same way an eclipse happens. There's no video proof though. This is how I remember it. The day the Moon vanished. But it's okay. I got used to the new sounds. It was different at first, but now it feels normal. The only thing that I miss, as I recall this memory, is the waves from the sea. Ever since the Moon disappeared, the water has been flat. I don't think I'll ever get used to this. 