
> "Super memory pill - and possible Alzheimer cure - around the corner. > Comments: > I'd rather have the memory God intended, thank you very much - limitless memory means our brains will get too plump for our skulls. It was the only comment that the elderly gentleman had ever made on Yahoo, but it was all that was needed to send me over the edge and far beyond. In that moment, everything became as transparent as a shined up old mirror. Humanity would be forever blighted by their inexhaustible ignorance and unending stupidity, until the day they wastefully used it all up. How, you might ask, had it all become so suddenly clear to me? Allow me to elucidate: I had been so ridiculously dumbened by this man's comment, that I'd somehow gone beyond the wibbly-wobbly scale of stupidity and come out the other side - I had become super-hyper-intelligent, stupid. My wife explains it like this: imagine, if you can, falling down a big old well as a bog standard garden llama, and then coming out the other side as a one legged mongoose dancing the midnight foxtrot. That's what happened to me. There's more science and biological stuff to it than that probably, but part of being so smart is being able to explain all this in language any old dolt can understand. So, I could see it all. Our stupidity would soon tug hard at a loose thread on the dress of humanity, unravelling it, leaving her naked and embarrassed in front of pervert predator planets, such as Pluto. The figurative future of humanity was laid out bare before me (and what a figure!) Our ignorance would be our oblivion. We would launch nukes and squabble with our neighbours, until we brought rise to our own extinction, leaving us to start out all over again as cavemen. *Unless...* unless there was a way to make humanity become as dumb - as smart - as *dumb-smart,* as me. *But how?* The question followed me around like a too-long tail that was often getting snagged in bushes, for the better part of a year. Then, I came up with an idea that would gently carve the trailing appendage from me, with a single mighty blow. I would make the entire world dumb-smart. It would take the greatest internet troll of all time to achieve such global dumb-smart perfection. It took me years of planning (and endless consultations with my pastor) just to come up with the name. The Ken part came first, and was slightly easier - a subtle nod and wink to my own name, Kenny. In the end, it was my wife who made a GOOD point about using the M - it came from the first letter of my daughter's favourite pasta, macaroni. I would become a keyboard warrior using old fashioned online gorilla warfare. Yahoo was to be my battleground, the image of the old man who had set me on this path to smart-dom, my sword. Not all heros wear capes - some prefer masks - but if I wore one, mine would have a big K on the back, in lime-green comic sans. (My pastor says that when a cape flaps, it's actually waving hello to Saint Jesus.) > Hitler watercolor to go under hammer in US > Comments: > He could have become a great flower painter, but he chose the easy path. 