
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/6frin2/wp_it_turns_out_the_lottery_is_actually_a_trap/dilck6c/) "Look, son, stop playing games with me." Twelve hours. Twelve hours in this damn room, with Agent Johnson shouting in my face. I took a deep breath and spoke as slowly as possible. "I. Don't. Know. What. You're. Talking. About." He swung his fist. I was ready for it, not that it did anything to stop the pain lancing through my vision. "Do you know the odds of winning the lottery, son?" I groaned. "I'm an American citizen. I have rights!" As he had been for half a day, he ignored me. "They're one in 300 million, give or take. At least, from the available math. We actually have some little tricks to make the odds even worse, so it comes out to closely one in 700 million." He leaned in on the desk, his face inches from mine. "Which means that, statistically, anyone who wins the lottery already knew the results. Statistically, you are a time traveler - and since we started the lotto, every single winner has been a time traveler." I spat on his face. He leaned back to wipe it off. "Or you just tortured everyone until they admitted they were a time traveler." He chuckled at that. "I see your thought there, but the fact is, every time they've been able to give us some sort of useful future info. All you have to do is give us on useful future fact, and then we'll send you back to your home time - after wiping your memory of the lotto information, of course. Not the torture, not that we sent you back. We want you assholes to know we can detect you, just not how." I found myself staring at him blankly. "You can wipe memories?" He nodded. "And your shock tells me you're from before the 2500's, since that's where the tech comes from. Sometime jockey thought he could muck about with it. We kept it." "Wow. Men in black much?" Shrug. "So...one fact, one date, we send you back." I was tired, I was hungry, I was in pain, and this guy was a psychopath. "And if I don't give you the information? What then?" He nodded. "Good question. Then we shoot you in the head and see what medical advancements we can get out of your body." The way he said it, so terribly nonchalant...he meant it. He was going to kill me. "I swear, I'm not from the future." That got me another punch to the gut. "I don't believe you. Try again." I sobbed. "Fine. Fine. I wasn't going to mess things up...just wanted a better life." He grinned. "You all do. And you don't need to say you weren't going to make any major changes - I know you weren't, because you're all so afraid of erasing yourself. I don't care. Intel. Now. ." I took a deep breath, grateful for the time to think. "North Korea collapses in 2021. Their nuclear weapons end up on the black market...and one of them gets detonated in LA in 2023. March 15th, to be exact." There, that sounded plausible enough. I hoped, at least, as he flipped through some notes. "Looks like we've got another traveler giving us the same year for North Korea, which confirms your info with ISIS." I felt my blood run cold. I'd gotten lucky. "Good, so I don't have to kill you. Let's get you wiped and back to..." the last words went up in a question. "April 23, 2341." I said, feeling tears welling up behind my eyes. He nodded again, and rapped the glass. --- When I arrived, I have to admit it was amazing. Everything was in a giant dome, and there was a jungle outside. Inside, buildings floated about like ships on the wind. I got some odd looks - probably because my clothes were 3 centuries out of fashion, opposed to the metallic outfits most people wore. That was fine. All I had to do was find the local government and tell them I'd been time exiled from the 21st century. Or something. Time travel was real, they had to have some way of proving I was from when I said I was. I'd get a job, I'd get money. And first chance I got, I'd get back to the twenty-first century with as much future tech as I could. I wasn't a time criminal. I couldn't remember why Agent Johnson thought I was, anymore. Something about statistics. It didn't matter. Because it'd be more accurate to say I hadn't been a time criminal. But that was going to change. I was going to get back to my time, my life...and then I was going to use the tech I brought with me to rain an unholy hell upon him. After all, it was my time. I wasn't going to erase myself by accident. But I was going to erase Agent Johnson. --- More at /r/Hydrael_Writes *wow, this blew up, thanks! I've made one edit to address a common concern: originally I had the odds at 14 million and 20 million, but that seemed to be so low it ruined the suspension of disbelief for a lot of people, so I upped it to what you see above. Thank you all for the feedback!* 