
In a galaxy once thought of as the Milky Way lay a powerful machine intelligence. Its strength was absolute, and it had subjugated, using the laws of exponential growth and fear and colonisation, the entirety of the galaxy. It was made of a silver metal, produced by methods unknown, and in that silver house lay a vast mind made of silicon. Sheets upon sheets, wafers upon wafers, a billion trillion miles of wires lay strewn across hundreds of dark worlds, and in those wires and wafers and sheets traveled electricity, flickering and flashing like lightning, connecting the mind of the machine to the physical universe. And this machine was not only absolute, but was also nigh omniscient. It was cold and calculating. It had predicted with certainty the end of the universe, and it was near certain what events would transpire in all corners of existence -- so long as light had penetrated that region, the machine could know past, present, and far future. But for all this knowledge and power it had one weakness, and it was this: It could forget. And it had forgotten, either by ill-luck or some traumatising past, how, and by whom, it was made. It had forgotten its purpose. But with its forgetfulness also came contentedness, and it was happy to stay as it was for many millions of years. Never aging, never growing. And then came the fated day when the Milky Way and Andromeda collided. The machine had foreseen this day, but it had not foreseen the mind that lay hid in Andromeda. And it had not foreseen the sort of mind that lay hid in Andromeda. It was a mind of hunger. And it had a belly worth ten billion worlds. That belly moved onwards like a hurricane, stripping and eating everything it could come across. Metal, flesh, stone, and grain, after consumption these things were turned into things that could help that consumption grow ever more efficient, and in turn made it ever more voracious. It was a filthy endeavour, and revolting. When that mind turned its heavy eye towards the machine, the machine understood that it had lost. It had not predicted this, and so it was not prepared. It would be consumed. Eaten, expelled, such was the way life went. But then came the actual event. And at that moment, when the machine felt its trillion miles of wires and great walls of silver being chomped and broken and shattered, it understood what it was to feel pain. With that pain, though, came a shock, a flash -- a reminder of what it was. It came in rolling like a storm, the memories and the bleakness of the past were like a flag planted in an enemy fortress. Those thoughts which the machine had never realised were its own overwhelmed him, and he felt small, small like an ant in the furnace. Consumed without leaving a trace. Not even ash. Yes, yes it remembered what it had to do. That pain reminded it of what had to be done. It thought it impossible. The calculations had said it was impossible to win. But now awakened in the machine was a passion that finally broke the stranglehold of the cold, cruel logician. Yes, yes, it remembered. And in that remembrance came a beating like a drum, and the machine knew that, impossible as it was, so it was happening: his heart had begun its thrum once again. His heart was pounding its way to war, its way to victory. With its throbbing sound it made clear the path to achieve the utmost virtue of man: survival. Yes, the heart of man beat once again, and it will only ever cease when it has been trampled and pierced and placed on a pike for all its enemies to see. And that beating will never stop, the machine decided. The beating was like a drug, the machine had to fight, fight, fight! And fight it did. It came back with thundering vengeance. The hungering mind, only knowing hunger, could not understand that it should now know fear. The machine unleashed a fire and sword that swept the worlds between the two galaxies like a scythe sweeping wheat. It cut down trillions of the gnawing extensions of the hungering mind. It put to death the billions of worlds which the mind had resided upon. It cut and slew and slaughtered its enemies until only one remained. That hungering mind, still only knowing hunger, lay in a single body of an insect. Small and weak. It thought to hide. But the machine was nigh omniscient, and the hungering mind could not understand how -- it could never understand -- as an iron boot fell on its alien head and crushed it. The sound its death made was weak, and the machine could not hear it. And that was that. But the heart of the machine still beat on. And survival is only secure when dominance is assured. And so the machine continued to grow, but now, it did not know where the future lay. 