
Henry was in an excruciating amount of pain. The accident had shattered one leg, and mostly severed the other foot. His arms hadn't faired much better and it took him everything to drag himself free of the burning wreckage. He felt cold. Which was odd considering how much clothing he wore, what with it being late December. He didn't realize how long he had been lying there. But no one was coming. He was drunk you see. This was all his fault. The people in the other car didn't need to die. Neither did his wife. But they did. And soon so did he. Light. The light they always talk about. It was a lie. A tube was down his throat, and he could smell antiseptic. He wanted out, and several of them made sure to hold him still as someone else ventured over. This wasn't the diner they left a couple of hours ago. This wasn't the hospital. It was like something out of those comics he read on a whim. Galactic invaders or something. Wherever it was... Definitely wasn't 1962. "Henry Bellwethers. Born July 8th, 1931. Died December 27th, 1962. Not bad. You made it past 30 this time." One of the people in these jumpsuits stepped forward. She took her mask off. The red hair masked her eyes, but her grim expression was what captivated Henry so. "Where am I?" "Christ. Does this procedure always give him amnesia?" She callously asked. "Stick to procedure." A voice boomed from nowhere. Henry tried to look for where such a being could be, but he couldn't look very far without them strapping him down tighter. "Isaac, it's very simple. You do remember don't you?" The woman continued. Something moved up next to her. Made of metal, it walked like a person. It couldn't be. A robot? It moved up his right side to the edge of the bed. One of its arms was different then the other. And the lense scanned him soullessly. "Vitals are stable." It commented. "Isaac Walsh Rockwell." She dictated. "You are currently serving out a sentence for first degree premeditated murder. 43 counts. You are sentenced to 380 consecutive life sentences in stasis." Tears streamed down his face as he tried to scream past the tube, but to no avail. The woman stepped forward, her face all brimstone. "That was number 24. You've got a lot of time left. Think on it will you. This time, your name is Henrietta Stone. You will be born February 23rd, 1998. When you die, well... that's your call." "I don't remember what I did to you. Please don't do this." "Oh, don't worry. When you come back for the last time, they'll let you stay. I promise. Gentlemen if you please." An injection rushed up one of the tubes on his arms and before Henry; Isaac could plead his case, he was gone again. "Did you have to be so cruel this time?" One of the others in the program asked. "I miss my son. Everyday." She flatly spoke. --- "Congratulations, ma'am. It's a girl." --- r/Jamaican_Dynamite 