
It was a crisp winter morning and Jack was cold. He watched the snow fall from the heavens with mild disdain, his eyes as glazed as the donut he'd just eaten. He let the phone ring and hoped it was Sarah. The bitch. He had no intention of speaking to her. Not today. Today was a day for ennui. He embraced the nothingness as though it was his long lost son; a potentially non existent stranger that would always be welcome in his home. He felt as though he was stuck on a loop when it snowed like this. It was like deja vu. It was like deja vu. It was like, ah, fuck it. He was okay with it all. Loops were fun. Still the phone rang, persistent and shrill. A bit like his mother in law, come to think of it. Ha. He chuckled mirthlessly to himself as he took a swig from the vodka, flinging himself onto the couch and deftly avoiding the empty bottles and the leftover pizza. If Lisa could call him, she certainly would. Lucky she had no phone. Lucky she just had to settle for glaring up at him. If she could even see him from that far down. May she rest in pieces, he added as a bitter afterthought. Two parts vitriol and ten parts booze. It didn't get much better than that. Nectar of the Gods indeed... Still the phone rang. It was beginning to piss him off. It was beginning to- Ahhh. Voicemail. Finally. He did love voicemail. It was the perfect device to further a story that had no end in sight; no one had them anymore, and yet no one questioned why they still existed within the fantasy world of tv and books. "Jack..." It was distorted and hard to hear, but the tremor in the speaker's voice could not be stifled. It was the unmistakable tone of fear that he was hearing. "I haven't got long... they're... they're coming." Jack rolled his eyes, but despite himself, moved to pick up the phone. "Who is this?" "I'm you, Jack. You, in five years time." He snorted derisively. "Jack. JACK. I'm, I'm not supposed to be talking to you... If I get caught..." "Look buddy. I have places to be. Just tell me what you want or you can fuck off." "Sarah's not going to come back, Jack." He sat up. How in the devil... "The divorce is happening. Whether you accept that fact or not, it's happening. You need to stop with the drinking. With the drugs. You need to pull your life together, today. Otherwise there's no hope. This vicious cycle will be our eternity, our hell. You have to change things!" The line began to crackle. "In five years... crash... will die if..." "Hello?" Silence. -------..........--------- *Five Years Later* *It was a crisp winter morning and Jack was cold. He watched the snow fall from the heavens with mild disdain, his eyes as glazed as the donut he'd just eaten.* *He let the phone ring and hoped it was Sarah. The bitch. He had no intention of speaking to her. Not today. Today was a day for ennui. He embraced the nothingness as though it was his long lost son; a potentially non existent stranger that would always be welcome in his home.* *He felt as though he was stuck on a loop when it snowed like this. It was like deja vu. It was like deja vu. It was like, ah, fuck it. He was okay with it all. Loops were fun.* (Feedback always appreciated!) r/samfoxstories 