
"Why do I even watch this crap anymore" Mark thought to himself as he pressed a button to silence the news. He couldn't even remember the last time there wasn't some breaking story about another murder, terrorist bombing, or political scandal. Mark took a sip of the coffee he was holding. The black liquid ran down his throat, bringing a burning sensation from the heat followed by warmth radiating from his stomach. "It's the simple things" Mark thought as he took another sip of the stuff. He knew the caffeine had become an addiction but he didn't care so long as it woke him up enough to make it through they day. Mark found himself staring up at sky, beautiful and blue, watching as low hanging clouds passed him by without a care in the world. "I wish people could see the world from up there" Mark thought to himself before letting out a defeated sigh. "Maybe then they would see just how precious our little blue marble really is." Mark felt the ground shake. "An earthquake?" He wondered. That didn't seem right, there hadn't been an earthquake here in thousands of years. Hot coffee spilled over the sides of the mug Mark was holding, slightly scorching his hand in the process. A crack of thunder could be heard in the distance before a booming voice rang out "YOUR WISH WILL BE GRANTED!" The voice sounded like it came from inside Marks head rather than from anywhere else. He couldn't explain it. Maybe all that caffeine really was taking its toll. Mark glanced at the clock and felt his heart sink. "Shit!" He yelled, "I'm gonna be late!" As Mark stepped outside he saw a site he couldn't believe. Everywhere he looked, bubbles were rising from the ground, lifting high into the sky. Looking closer, Mark could almost make out a figure in the bubbles. It look... human. There were people inside those bubbles! He could hardly believe it. What the hell was going on out there? As Mark looked on in utter disbelief, more and more bubbles littered the sky, distorting the suns rays. Suddenly there was a crash, followed by the sound of a large explosion. Marks head jerked to find the source of the sound and his eyes landed on the likely culprit. A large fireball was erupting from a field just outside the city. Without warning another fireball flew into the sky, and another. It was the planes. They were dropping out of the sky like rocks in a lake. Whatever this was, could it be affecting people in the planes too? The phenomenon, whatever it was, lasted another two hours. Mark decided to hide inside after he noticed the planes falling from the sky. Whatever this was, it wasn't affecting him. After the two hours were up, things settled down. Mark didn't see anything falling from the sky, and didn't see anything rising from the ground either. At this point, he was too exhausted to do any more thinking, coffee be damned. Mark shuffled to his bed, his nice cozy bed, and instantly fell asleep. Two days later the bubbles descended to the ground as quickly as they had left it originally. It didn't take long for Mark to overhear people talking about their experiences. Whatever these bubbles were, they had lifted everyone past the atmosphere and into space. The bubbles had formed some sort of protective shell around their bodies, providing oxygen and nourishment. The bubbles had taken care of everything, leaving the people inside to just sit and observe. For the first time, everyone had seen the Earth, not as some place to be conquered, but as a delicate place for us to call home. There was talks about world peace, about working together to explore the stars and save ourselves from global warming and diseases. For awhile, it looked like things were going to get better. It looked that way at least, until the politicians opened their mouths. Within a month, governments around the world were blaming each other for the incident, calling it an act of psychological warfare. It was all the news was covering lately. "USA points finger at Russia" and "China blames Japan" were among the favorite headlines. The general public was getting on board as well. Talk of peace and cooperation was being replaced with fear of war and annihilation. Riots were becoming a daily occurrence, food shortages and famine were at levels not seen since the great depression. "Why can't they just see?" thought Mark as he took a sip of freshly made coffee. 