
The teleprompter before me said something absurd. My head was still spinning from whatever it was I drank last night, and my co-commentator seemed more interested in his phone than his job. Not that I could blame him. I knew I should have taken another panadol, and I would have had another drink if I could. We were to go live in fifteen seconds, but I wanted nothing more than to curl up in a ball and die - or vomit. Whichever brought me more peace. I looked at the teleprompter once again, and could almost feel my disappointment about to burst. It makes sense that it's hard to ground yourself when you're the equivalent of a demigod, but I always hated the names that the protagonists chose for themselves. A man before me spoke a silent countdown with both his hands and mouth. And my coworker beside me still paid no mind. Not like it mattered. It was a good thing that the only things we broadcasted were our voices, for we were the very bane of professionalism. "Welcome to the Games!" I let out a mighty roar, and to my dismay I felt my voice crack on the last word. I could tell from the faces of those around me that they noticed it too. "Coming in for his debut, here comes our first protagonist..." I paused, and not for dramatic effect. "The King of Darkness!" I looked at the screen by my side as a gaudy man dressed in black and gold and blue stepped out into a coliseum - surrounded by thousands of curious onlookers. It was hard for me to decide if his name or his outfit was more pathetic. "For our first event, the Death Row brawl!" I couldn't hear the voices of the crowd, but I knew they would be excited. It was our second most popular event, in which we sent hordes of death row criminals against our super lucky protagonist, who would normally kill every single one of them with ease. Sure, for those criminals, it came with a reward - otherwise they would hardly try. The promise of freedom... should they succeed. Should they overthrow the protagonist and be the last man standing. Of course, that never happened. It was a stupid thing, plot armor. God knows what crackpot scientist discovered it, but the masses ate it up. If yours was high enough, it didn't matter what was thrown at you, man or beast alike, you would walk away unscathed. I used to be a commentator for a much more respectable sport, where death was an accident - not an attraction. Where skill was equal, and the action tense and exciting. Not the equivalent of curbstomping a gradeschooler. Twenty-six men marched to their deaths, all killed by a protagonist with a name that reeked of an eighth-graders power fantasy. I grit my teeth and read my lines. "He walks away unscathed! Witness the true power of a four-one plot armor!" I need a fucking drink. * * * More of my writing at /r/khaarus 