
When I was nine years old, I pulled my baby sister's body out of the swimming pool. Mom was taking a nap, and Dad was off at work. They'd told me to keep an eye on the baby after a long, sleepless night of unexplained crying. But I was too cool for babysitting. I'd been busy playing with my toys. I hadn't been watching. When I found her, she was already gone. I don't like to think about what happened next, about Mom's reaction, about the hospital, about the prayers and screaming and pleasepleaseplease bring her back, about Dad coming home, about the days after. I spent the rest of my life trying to make things right. I gave to charity, I volunteered every weekend, I became a doctor, and I went to the poorest places of the world to heal people with no one else to turn to. But it never made a difference, not where it mattered. After death, it came time to use my karma. I gave it away. Maybe then I would finally get the punishment I had earned. It took almost a year after being reborn before my infant mind could comprehend what was going on, that I had been remade. But I still did not understand. My parents were here, looking as young and harried as they had when I was a child. And I had an older sibling...an older sibling who looked just like my childhood pictures. An older sibling with my name. When I finally recognized my new face and knew that I'd been reborn into my doomed baby sister, I cried all night. I was so afraid, but this truly was the penance I deserved. The next day, after my Dad had gone to work and my Mom had gone to bed, I went out to the pool. It was my sister's retribution, to experience the death my carelessness had caused. Maybe then I would finally be free. I reached the water's edge. I leaned over. "Lizzie!" Warm hands, so much bigger and stronger than mine, wrapped around my tiny body and pulled me back. It was me, the other me. "Hey, you're not supposed to be out here," said the other me, carrying Lizzie-me back inside. "Come on, you can play with my toys if you don't slobber on them too much." I didn't understand. I deserved death. I deserved to drown. I deserved... "You're a real pain in the butt sometimes," said the other me, setting Lizzie-me down in the living room. "But you're my little sister, so I have to look out for you." Other me smiled, and I looked down at my pudgy hands. I deserved... The other me put a stuffed animal in my lap and went to gather more toys. I looked back to the pool, the still open door. I deserved... I looked away and wrapped my arms around the toy unicorn, Lizzie's favorite. My favorite. I deserved a second chance. 