
Everyone knows that you can choose Heaven or Hell, so people don't have any morals when it comes to life. People steal, cheat and murder as they please. Mostly the world is a cesspool, a place where you wait around until you're bored or get murdered and then move on to the real place, Heaven. It was widely accepted that no one has ever opted to go to Hell. Why would you? The lore is the same. Pitchforks and fire that will melt your soul, while Heaven offers untold riches and infinite peace. I spent my life modestly. I worked a nine to five job and paid my taxes, I did everything that a "good" person was supposed to do, even though I didn't have to. I like to believe that I am of the few remaining decent humans in the world and have lived by the definition of integrity, do good things while nobody is looking. Another rumour that circulates is that you don't get a choice if you commit suicide, and you end up in limbo talking to the void for the rest of eternity. I'm not sure how true this one is, but I figured it was to stop people checking out early for a taste of the good life. A Heaven chaser killed me. Someone that runs amok and causes so much chaos that law enforcement has no choice but to end their lives. People consider that a "fun" way to go, rather than asking a friend or relative to end it for you. I decided to ride out my life and see where it took me, part of me was always scared that asking someone to kill me or becoming a chaser would fall into the category of assisted-suicide, and I really did not like the idea of nothing for eternity, even if it was just a rumour. After my murder, which involved a car and a sub-machine gun, I found myself in front of two staircases. One was a pristine white escalator which reached into the sky, the stairs moved eagerly and beckoned me forward. The other was a rickety wooden staircase, which disappeared into a dark mist below. I got close to the wooden staircase and felt a chill escape the darkness. The banister was rotten, some of the steps had holes as wide as... feet, while other steps were completely missing. I paused and glanced at the escalator, it seemed that even just shifting my eyes to it brought warmth. I stepped back from the two paths and wondered, how do I know which is the right one? I heard a voice coaxing me from above. *Come to me, my child.* Then a thought occurred to me. Why would you need to dress up Heaven? Why would you need all the light, warmth and glamour if it was truly as good as people think? I moved closer to the rickety staircase and heard the voice softly. *Join us. Do not waste your soul down there.* I placed a hand on the banister and I felt it shift as if it were about to give way. I persevered and placed a bare foot on the first step. I had expected to feel a splinter, or rogue nail find its way into my flesh, but instead, I felt something soft. I am not sure what type of material the staircase transformed into, but it glowed with a golden hue and seemed to gradually lower my foot to its surface with each step. The escalator and voice disappeared and I continued my descent into the unknown. 'Thank you.' A powerful voice reverberated. The stairs seemed to go on forever, and at the same time, I found the bottom in what seemed like seconds. My head felt light. I was at peace like I had just eaten the perfect amount of dinner and had found a winter fire. 'You are the first in a thousand years to make the right choice.' I could not see who was speaking but their voice was sweet and made the one upstairs seem industrial. 'The bet is off Lucy. A human has made the right decision! Now your thousand year reign is over.' 