
"Waddup, Satan! Bro, you're looking swole!" Satan flexed his brimstone biceps. "Thanatos! Long time no see homie! Oh... you don't look so good, bro. Gotta get on them gains, man." Thanatos looked down to his bony frame, his sunken eyeballs deep in memories of better times. "I know, bro, not many mortals mention my name anymore." Satan rested a fiery hand on the pale, primordial shoulder. "I'll mention you, bro. I'll say your name fifty times every night. We'll get them gains back in no time." Thanatos looked up to Satan, tears building in his dark eyes. "Bro, you'd do that for me? I don't know what to say... I guess, um, thank -" "ARRRRGGHHHH" The scream echoed out across the charcoal caverns of Hell. Thanatos fell back as the rumbling cry reverberated through the jagged ground. "What the hell was that?" he yelled, looking up to Satan. "Hmm?" Satan looked down to his fellow demon. "Oh, that? That's just Um." The cry bellowed out again. Satan winced. "Shit... sorry, bro." His neck craned to top dark depths of the cavern ceiling as he spoke. Thanatos followed his gaze, looking up to the ravenous mountain that stood beside them. "What the fuck?" Thanatos clambered to his feet, eyes glued to the hulking behemoth. "What is that?" "I told you," Satan turned to him. "That's Um." The mountain roared out again as pieces of debris fell from the ceiling. Thanatos noticed the mouth that gave voice to the mighty cries. A giant, bloated face sat at the top of the mountainous mass, wincing as it's head pressed further into the rocky ceiling. "Stop saying my fucking name, dude," its words rumbled down. "I'm almost through the ceiling." "Dude I'm so sorry," Satan lifted his palms high. "It's just really hard to not say your name." "Well fucking try, man. I can't take any more gains." Thanatos stared with mouth agape as the absurd conversation took place. It was the same look Satan always saw when a demon met Um. He took Thanatos by the shoulder and led him away from the swollen abomination, it's muffled cries faded in the distance. "Bro, try not to say his name. He's had some shit luck with it. I mean, all these humans with countless languages, and 'um' happens to be the universal muttering." Um roared out again as his head pressed further into the ceiling, large cracks forming around the cavern ceiling. "Bro!" he bellowed. "What did I just say?!" "Dude, I'm so sorry," Satan winced, holding up another apologetic hand. He turned back to Thanatos. "Listen, if you're gonna stand there with your mouth wide open, we might as well get some food in there." He gave Thanatos a playful bump on the shoulder. "Food still helps with gains, y'know." Thanatos laughed as he turned to Satan. "Suppose so. Thanks, bro." "Anytime, bro. So, where do you wanna go?" Thanatos brought his long fingers to his chin, scratching intently. "Ummmmm." **"ARRRRRRGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!"** - Kinda dumb lol. r/ShittyStoryCreator :) 