
"Oh for fuck's sake God damnit. I can't afford this!" I pace around in my bedroom, anxious and stressed. I can barely afford to feed myself, but I spent thirty damn quid on some program that no-one has ever bought? How the hell am I gonna make up for this? I don't wanna tap into my university fund, not again! I shake from panic so much that I barely notice my phone, steadily vibrating in my pocket. I eventually feel it and rummage around all the stuff to answer. Who is it this time, my mum? The doctor reminding me about some appointment? Someone selling some pointless shit that no one ever buys? I've already done enough of that today! I assume the latter when I see that it's a private number, but I answer anyway. I irritability respond to the persistent ringing. "Hello?" A muffled voice responds, low in pitch and distorted. "Good afternoon Nicholas. I assume you know what this is about?" Not fully listening, I begin respond with my usual monotonous answer to sales calls. "Hi yeah I don't want to buy your double-glazing window or PPI mis- hang on, what?" Seemingly disinterested by my response, the voice continues. "We've gone by many names over the years. Today we refer to ourselves as just 'The Society'. Thank you for showing interest in becoming part of the structure of the world. We have received your payment of thirty Great British Pounds and-" "Woah Woah Woah Woah Woah, slow down, hang on, what? First of all, how do you know my name? Second of all, what are you talking about the society or some random bullshit?" The voice on the end of the phone abruptly stopped and took a moment to think. "You solved the puzzle? You did what no-one in their right mind would ever do, therefore proving that you're willing to try new and different things to control the world?" "No man, I just bought winRar! I assume that's what you're talking about with the whole thirty pounds thing you were going on about." A heavy, audible sigh could be heard through the speaker of the phone. "So you weren't trying to join the society?" "No! So what, to get into the illuminati you have to buy winRar?" Another sigh. "You know you can just close the 'oh you have to buy winRar at some point' window with no ill effects, right?" "I didn't mean to buy it, it was an accident!" "Anyway, look. You can either join The Society and help restructure the world, or we can make you and every trace of you disappear, because now you know of our existence. Also, it's not the sixteen hundreds, we don't call ourselves 'The Illuminati' any more." "Fine, I guess I'll join you. Can I get my thirty quid back though, please?" "Ok, I'll sort it." He whispers under his breath, "Management is gonna be so pissed off at me." He clears his throat, and continues. "Any suggestions before your initiation?" I ponder over it for a sec, and then reply. "Well, the application process could use a bit of work." 