
It happened during a road rage incident nearly 70 years ago. At that point I was already well into my late 600's. A teenage girl, texting while driving, veered into my lane which, in turn, pushed me into another vehicle resulting in a mild fender bender between the three of us. Once over in the shoulder, things became heated between the three of us. I'll admit that I lost my temper and, under normal circumstances, a slammed fist on the hood of a car by someone seemingly in their mid-30's wouldn't amount to much. That momentary lapse in judgement, however, left the girl's car nearly severed in half. It was during the chaos immediately following the destruction that I made my escape. For so long, I believed that I could maintain appearances, but that day, the denial of my situation had been destroyed and I knew it was no longer safe to around others. I heard on the news sometime later that there was a nationwide manhunt for me. Traffic cams and cell phone camera-wielding pedestrians captured the entire thing and shortly thereafter I went viral online. I imagine that after 70 years though that the world has entirely forgotten about me. That's all I can do, is imagine, because since then I've been living off the grid in a remote cabin deep in the mountains surrounded by nothing and no one. Yesterday, I went out to check a few of the traps I had set a few days back. I have walked these woods for nearly a century now. I know where every tree, every branch, every rock rests and yet...I tripped. In a feeble attempt to find my footing, I reached out and braced myself against a tree. This tree, which over the course of many years managed to grow four stories tall and ten feet wide, snapped apart with the speed and force of a lightning strike. Picking myself up from among the splintered debris, I saw what I had tripped on. It was an electrical cable. I grabbed it end over end until I traced it back to a small conduit box at the base of an adjacent tree. The box was a battery pack with another cable leading up the tree. I followed the cord up to see it was attached to a camera, which itself was connected to a wireless relay. Despite the delicate flick of my wrist, the cable I was holding ripped the camera mount off the tree with violent determination. One side of the device was labeled "National Parks Conservation Survey". The other side displayed only one feature, a small red LED light. As I packed up my things back at the cabin, I couldn't help but laugh at the fact that I yet again had to start over all because somebody was worried about a decline in bird migrations. My smile abruptly melted at the distance sound of an approaching helicopter. 