
I awoke to a pounding headache to find myself restrained to a hospital bed. Peaceful, in essence, a sign of healing and the possibility of well-being. Disappointing, in practice, because it meant the world hadn't ended. Ironic, in retrospect, because they couldn't truly hope to keep me tied up there forever. There were people all around me. There always were. Scientists and politicians. Soldiers and five-star generals. Forces for good, but good is relative. Men with nothing alike, united against a common cause. Men and women from all backgrounds with all sorts of histories sharing nothing but fear. That was what I smelled in that room as I pulled against the restraints. Fear. The general removed the muzzle from my mouth. I stretched my jaw. I smiled. "Why?" he demanded. "Why?" A little more desperately this time. Tinges of sadness marred that steely voice. "Why not?" And that was really all there was to it. Some men used guns. Some men used clubs. Other men used money and manipulation. My words had power, so I used my words. "Why not?" The murmurs spread across the room like wildfire. Soldiers shrugged. Scientists questioned what they thought they knew. Politicians gaped and convinced themselves, as they tend to do. "Why not?" "Let me go," I asked politely but firmly, raising my hands as far as the restraints allowed. An orderly obliged, and my hands were free. Then my feet, and then I sat up in the bed. "It didn't have to be this way," I told them; a father chastising a group of ill-behaved children. They hung their heads. It really didn't have to be this way. For so long we had worked together. A collaboration, merging my powers with theirs to accomplish what might have once been impossible. But they got greedy. They got too ambitious. And when I finally tried to put a stop to it, they told me it wasn't up to me. The cracks of our fragile union began to spread like the gaping cracks in the city streets. They didn't stop when they swallowed cars or buildings. They didn't stop when molten lava poured out of the Earth and consumed the city. If I would be made to use my powers for bad, I would use my powers for bad. Simple as that, if you asked me. "Take care of them," I said to the soldiers. Fear turned to terror. Shame turned to terror. Why does everything ultimately turn to terror? The soldiers couldn't resist. The politicians wouldn't lift a finger. The scientists weren't fighters. And the general just looked at me. "Why?" ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 