
As my vision faded from blinding white, I expected to see a meadow of clouds hugging a castle of gold, circled by brilliant angels like doves in the sky. Instead, I woke up roughly where I had died, except the world had a filter of smoky oil over it, like God was Leonid Afremov and had repainted the world for me as a parting gift. I looked down at the burnt smudge where it'd happened, glowing, bright-white men scuttling around an obsidian man unmoving. It gave off none of the brilliant aura the others did, instead almost sucking in the light around it. The realization of death was not as profound as I would've expected it to be. It was more like the feeling of remembering you'd left your phone in a pair of jeans that had been placed in the washing machine. I walked out of the building, sticking to hallways at first until I realized I could *squeeze* through solid objects like they were made of... well, more like *I* was made of smoke, or mist, yet somehow holding my old shape. It was an uncomfortable, elongating feeling. Yet, any feeling seemed better than nothing. Outside the building, there were glowing people scuttling like headlights on a highway, blurring as they pushed along. Amidst them, standing in the path's center, was a man. He was not glowing, but was not a void, either. Something in-between, like me. The glowing figures passed through him, but his skin sagged, greyed peach, with wisps of frazzled white hair and a cloak of green and gold that hugged the floor behind him. Gliding toward me, he gently laughed, outstretching his arms. "How long has it been, friend? Five, ten millenia? Maybe more?" I stepped back a bit, being pressed by someone so real in an inkbrushed world. "Who are you? Is this heaven or hell or something?" At that, the man appeared crestfallen. "It has been so long since a Shard escaped that I thought maybe you had finally started to break free. Do you not recognize me at all?" "What the fuck are you talking about, old man?" I tried my best to evaporate, disappear like a drop of water under summer's sun, but couldn't control my being. He shook his head. "Perhaps I was a fool to get my hopes up, Kredik. Our people slowly forget you in passing, and yet, after so long, you seem to have made negative progress. And now, a lost Shard? I can't help but wonder if the Elders were right." "Is this a joke?" I backed up a little further, but he compensated gently. "Ah, I suppose it doesn't hurt. After all, a slipped Shard doesn't last long, though I'd never hear the end of it if anyone found out about this. "You hold a glass bottle, mixed of many colors. Then, you take this bottle and smash it on the ground. What happens?" "It... breaks?" "Precisely. It shatters into fragments of all shapes and sizes and colors. We created this prison to scatter your mind into all your different pieces of love and hate, anger and kindness. Power and weakness. It seems, however, that you are far more at war with yourself than you wished to admit in the Trials." He paused, looking wistfully at me. Checking my hands, they had begun to fade, evaporating without my control. "What- what's happening to me?!" "A Shard of you has no place outside the prison, friend. I hope you are not an important piece, just as I hope that one day your internal battle can end and you become whole again. "I'll be here if it does." He smiled, ancient and warm, knowing and sagely. As I slipped, for some reason, seeing his caring eyes tucked away my confusion and looming dread. He didn't look familiar, but the easing I felt despite being vaporized- that was something I knew, deep down. */r/resonatingfury* 