
"Buddy, not again," James frowned as he walked into his garden. "The hole is so big again." It was a weird dog of his. He had suddenly appeared out of nowhere. Still, he looked a cute and friendly one anyway, so he took the dog as his own. Even so, the dog had been spending most of the time digging this very hole. "Come on, Buddy. I'm tired of putting the dirt back all the... time," as he reached the hole, he saw a door at the end of the hole. Buddy tail was swinging like crazy and he was making circles around the door. The door had a valve. "I'm not sure I should be messing with it, Buddy," James whispered. Something felt wrong. Buddy, however, started barking. "Fine, Buddy. Fine. If that makes you leave my garden alone," James sighed and got himself down into the hole. He was surprised when the Valve actually rotated pretty easily and the door opened. Buddy entered the bunker without any hesitation. "Buddy! Hey. Stupid dog. We don't know what's down there!" he was already thinking of radioactive things or such could be hidden there. He removed his phone and turned on its built-in flashlight. He looked now down the ladder and saw nothing there. It wasn't a long wall, else buddy wouldn't have launched down there. With a deep breath, he convinced himself to go down. He took hold of the ladder and made the tiny climb down. It was a simple room, leading to another room. It was empty. All of it. He opened the other door and peeked inside. In there was an empty bed. *Bang.* James spun around, all confused. There was much less light suddenly. He quickly walked towards the exit, but the door was shut. As he got himself top of the ladder, he tried to push the door open. After all, it was probably just a wind. The door, however, was locked. There was a tiny window, from where he could peek outside. Even as he tried to peek out, there was nothing to be seen. The window was also dirty, which made it extra hard. Sweat gathered around James like crazy. Barking. A sudden barking. Except, it came outside. Suddenly Buddy looked through the window towards James. "Bloody hell. How did you get back up there, Buddy?" James asked, laughing nervously. Buddy just barked. "You closed it? Be a good dog and open it," he didn't even understand why he asked that. Buddy was a dog. A dumb dog who dug one spot all the time. A dirt fell on the window. "Buddy?" James shouted. More dirt fell on it. As he stopped breathing, he could hear it. Buddy was clawing dirt back on the door. "Buddy? What are you doing! Stop!" He quickly opened the phone to call an emergency number, but there was no signal. "Buddy? What are you doing? Stop it!" James screamed. "Stop it, Buddy!" Slowly, his shouts got more and more murmured. At one point, nothing came through. Buddy was walking over the dug land to push dirt in more and more. He barked last few times and then walked towards his nearby kennel. He lied down and started chewing a nearby bone. A skeleton hand at the end of the bone now and then got shaken around while Buddy was chewing the main bone. Behind the kennel, there was also a small dug up spot. A tiny bit of a skull was still visible. --- Never piss off human's best friend! /r/ElvenWrites - if you're interested my past or future written stuff. 