
None of my pod has understood my fascination with the Ones Who Came Before. The Land Walkers. The ones who achieved the stars, even if it was only a small few, while the rest died of a cause we have not yet discovered. If my family could see this place, though, even the most oceanic among them would squeak with awe. I rolled along what seemed the dry bed of a river, though it was too straight, too organized to have been nature. Cracked gray rock, with short yellow segments creating a line down the middle. A "Rood," it had been called. To either side rested the corpses of ancient vehicles. Not dissimilar from my surface suit, though with wheels rather than treads, curious portals for entry and exit and much larger frames. And, of course, it would not have been filled with water even when functional. It was known as an "ow toe" according to my surface history teacher. I reached forward with one of my two probes, controlled by my flipper of course, and opened one of the portals. A skeleton appendage tumbled out. I rolled back, fear surging through me. Inside ow toe sat the bones of a Land Walker, the internal structure beneath their skin and flesh. So odd. They were designed to stand upright on two appendages rather than swim with tail, and their front flippers ended in five segments used for grasping objects. Their mouths were not as versatile as our snouts, it seemed. The head too, was strange. No snout, if you could imagine that, just a flattish surface containing teeth, a stubby protrusion with two small blow holes, and two bunched together eye sockets. Their brains must have been very small, which explained their love of the land. When I took in the skeleton as a whole, so awkward and clumsily proportioned, I could understand their reputations as poor swimmers. I traveled on. All around me great metal boxes rose high into the sky, itself like a vast blue ocean, collectively creating a community the Land Walkers called a "sea tee." Small rectangles of transparent material dotted the surface of the great metal "bill dins," and if the entire sea tee was flooded with water and those rectangles were opened, we of the ocean could easily swim in and out of them. This place could be an interesting tourist attraction. As the great orb lowered itself to the horizon however, I turned back. I did not dare remain in this place at night. Not with the recent rumors of mutant creatures among the ruins. I can confirm the name of the location, this island of surface in the area known by the Land Walkers as "Noo Ee-ork." Forgive my phonetic spelling of Surface terms, I am still learning their primary languages. It is my opinion, based on preliminary exploration, that project 423 C should go ahead as planned. After a forty length rise in the ocean level, much of the bill dins will remain above the surface but substantial portions of them will be under the water. Easily accessible without suits. I will need further explorations to give my full assessment, but based on what I've seen so far I believe Noo Ee-ork has an obvious use. If it were up to me, I would name the theme park something ironic, using a surface term with which most of us are familiar. I would call it The Aquarium. &#x200B; ****** r/EnemyOfAnEnemy 