
I'm dead. I don't remember dying, but the place I'm in now has an air of finality to it. And dark green linoleum tiles on the floor. Just as I'm starting to accept my own demise, God and Satan stride in through a set of double doors at the far end of the nondescript room. I'm no good at reading faces, but theirs are speaking to me loud and clear. It's the "how did you manage this fuckup" look that my wife used to give me. It's one thing coming from your significant other and a whole other when two major deities -- neither of whom I believe in -- are doing it. They look at each other for a moment and then both say, at the same time, "We look away for five months, and here you are, AGAIN." Satan adds, "Dead, again." "Um... Sorry?" Seems like a safe answer right then. "How hard could it be? You don't have an impossible task on your shoulders. No geas. No curse. Nothing. All you need to do is not die until it's your time. Is that too much to ask?" The king of Hell sounds almost desperate. "You walked in front of a bus, for Hell's sake!" "I...um..." I get a flash of memory. Some guy is chatting at me. He's shoving something into my face, asking about a deal. And a glimpse of brightly colored wings. "I saw a butterfly." Satan turns to God and smacks his forehead. "She saw a butterfly." "Look, child," says the ruler of the heavenly host. "It's important to me -- to us -- that you survive. You'll die, like everyone else, in your own time." "Why?" The word is out of my mouth before I can think about it too hard. "It doesn't matter," Satan says. God contradicts, "Your life is precious to us." My gaze lingers between the two of them. There's a glaring contest going on and I realize I don't want to know what those two are on about. In fact, I'm beginning to suspect that this is not about me at all. But there was the butterfly. "Sorry?" I try again. "Why don't we send you back," God says with a nod. "And maybe try a little harder to stay alive, all right? Remember, keep your wits about you. There's absolutely no reason for you to get hit by a bus." "OK." Satan growls. "You trust her?" God shrugs and grumbles something under his breath. Louder he says, "You're the one who predicted that she would bring the world to its knees if she died early." "I did," Satan agrees, "But now..." For a moment, God is silent. Then, he says to Satan, "Well, you were right." He turns to me. "Now back you go, Madam President. I believe the reporter standing over your body is about to have a heart attack himself." "Um..." The world goes dark. Goodbye, green linoleum. Back in the waiting room of the dispossessed, the two deities exchange currency and mutter obscenities. 