
The barista gave Todd a weird-looking loonie for change. The metal had gone brown, and green fuzz covered the Queen's face. On his way out, Todd held the ugly loonie in the center of his palm. "Ew," he said to himself. The loonie was fascinatingly gross, like one of those videos online where people knife open massive zits. Outside the Starbucks, Todd was so fixated on the coin that he nearly tripped over a homeless guy in a torn-up jacket. "Any change?" The homeless guy's smile clicked on like a car's brights. Todd noted that the homeless guy's skin, for all that it was dirt-spattered, had the deep tan and healthy glow of a Silicon Valley investor. Earlier that morning in the bathroom, Todd had pushed his upper lip up and looked at his off-white, semi-translucent teeth sticking out of his purple gums. He'd tugged at the acne-scarred skin wrapped around his skull. He'd teased the last wisps of hair left on his bony, ridged head. He'd felt perfectly ugly, and now this beautiful homeless man, whose hair would make a polo-playing aristocrat jealous, was shaking a metal cup in his face. Todd dropped the ugly brown-green loonie into the homeless guy's cup. Maybe the green fuzz would give the guy a disease. The homeless guy tilted the cup to check inside. Todd walked on. "I have something to tell you," the homeless guy called. "God bless. I know," Todd said. "It's something far more exciting than that." The guy was following him. Todd waved him off. "Buddy, it was just a loonie. Now I'm going to work." "You see," the homeless guy leapt into Todd's path, "I've been waiting all morning for someone to give me a coin." Todd rolled his eyes. "Yes, I'm sure that's how it works." Even the homeless guy's facial hair was better kept than Todd's. It traced a perfect hyperbola from his sideburns to his mustache. "What I have to tell you is," the homeless guy took a deep breath, and his eyes sparkled all whimsically, and his smile would have stopped a rabbit in its tracks, "life-changing." Todd groaned. "Come on, man." "Believe me," the corners of the homeless guy's lips twitched, "your life won't ever be the same." "I don't have time for this." Todd pushed past the guy, but the guy kept following him. Todd said, "I have a job to go to. Don't make me regret giving you a dollar. I mean, Jesus. It was charity. I was just being nice. I didn't adopt you. You're not some pet of mine. You don't get to follow me around telling me about Jesus and the miracle of giving, or whatever bullshit you're about to talk about. Leave me alone." "You're not listening," the homeless guy said. "That's right. I'm not listening." Todd met the homeless guy's deep blue eyes. "Leave. Me. Alone." The homeless guy, for the first time, seemed lost for words. His smile flickered out. "You're sure?" Todd continued walking. From behind him, he heard a sad little sentence: "It's life-changing." "I don't need a changed life," Todd yelled over his shoulder. ***** *fully did not intend for this to be as unpleasant as it turned out.* 