
"Aliens. It's got to be." I snorted at the man sitting across the bar from me. Dan. Completely insane. "It's not *aliens.* Why would you think that?" He frowned. "C-Cause. It's got to be. What else could it be?" "Government conspiracy." Samantha said, shaking her head. "It's all been a ploy. They've bought off the scientists, and they used the whole thing for some sort of *bizarre* social experiment." "Why, though?" Steve demanded, smacking his drink on the counter hard enough to spill it. "What's the endgame, Sam?" "Manipulation of thought," she said, folding her arms as she glared back. "You tell people something's real, for years and years and years, and then you take it all away. How do they react, hmm?" Her eyes tightened. "I wonder what *else* isn't real?" I sighed. "Sam, calm down." "I'm sure the answer's out there somewhere," Dan muttered. "We just have to look. But where?" "People seem to use this Google thing an awful lot," Steve said, frowning down at his phone. "Maybe it's on there." "Another government tool to see into your thoughts," Sam said, eyes wide. "Jesus *christ*, you idiot. Just spill your brains out for them, why don't you?" "It could be worth a try, anyway," I said pulling my phone out of my pocket. "Before we get ourselves-" Sam reached out, snatching my phone away. "You'll thank me later," she said, sliding off her seat before I could take it back. "Dammit, Sam, stop-" "You'll *thank me,*" she hissed, stepping towards the door. "You can thank me by getting my bill, in fact. I need to go. Have to research." "Sam, I'm *not*-" I stopped. The door was already shut. "Maybe it flew off," Steve said, his voice musing. I laughed. "It flew off?" "You know. Broke orbit. Maybe it's a rogue planet now." "So, let me get this straight," I sighed, pressing a hand to my face. "Let's say....aliens *stole* our planet. They pulled it out of orbit, whisking it off to their own system- Or better yet, no system at all. They just...hijacked it. And the government is keeping it from us. But *why*?" Dan snapped his fingers. "They turned it into a colony. That's *it*. They took poor, innocent Pluto, hollowed it out, and now it's a *ship* for them. And- and-" "The government sold it to them," Steve said, nodding. "Probably the US. They *are* trying to fix the national debt, after all." "Could have been Russia, too," Dan muttered. "They're crazy. Never know what they'll do next. Only they couldn't *say* they sold a planet, so-" "So they say it's not *really* a planet, hoping everyone forgets," Steve said. He was face-to-face with Dan by then, both red and flushed with excitement. "My *god*. We're all so damned blind." "I'm pretty sure it's none of the above," I said dryly. "You're just idiots." They spun on me, both sputtering. I just chuckled, raising my hands and letting them vent all their frustrations. They'd been good friends, conspiracies aside. That was why I didn't mind letting them run wild now and then. Besides, it was fun to hear what they'd come up with. I was really going to miss them, in the end. So I let them yell. I let them air their paranoia, laughing all the while. I paid Sam's outrageous bar tab without complaint. And all the while, the pit of my stomach churned. I wasn't even supposed to be here in the first place. If anyone found out I was sitting here, having *this* conversation with these humans, considered nutjobs and lunatics even by their own, I'd probably lose my job. Hell, I'd be lucky if they didn't label me a traitor and...well, I wouldn't be enjoying a drink with them, that much was for sure. But despite myself, I liked them. I liked them, and their theories, and they were the only ones who were going to be able to help. After all, with ideas like *those* coming out of their mouths, there was no limit to what they'd consider possible. I needed that. I needed that creativity, that ability to accept the unrealistic as reality and think outside the box. There was no way I was going to be able to do this alone. I needed help, and they were the only ones who would be willing to give it to me. Because what was coming? What was *really* coming? They had no idea. And we were running out of time to stop it. Dan laughed, spilling his beer on Steve. I laughed along. And there it was- my break in the conversation. "So, hear me out," I said, leaning forward. "I've kind of...Well, I've had this *idea*." (/r/inorai, critique always welcome!) 