
The idea of applying tests of political, social, cultural and technological natures to candidates for uplift was not new, but the idea of biochemical and structural tests certainly was. There had already been several frankly disastrous attempts to directly uplift presentient _Homo_ species, and after allowing them to progress to sentience on their own it became rapidly apparent that if this wasn't managed carefully there would be another incident like the Rigel IIb Affair. And that took mass production of chemical weapons to solve... It was always the case on War Worlds. Sol III, Rigel IIb, Theta Aurigae VI... they had evolved from constant competition and predator-prey relationships. Without the mitigation of cooperation on Peace Worlds or of distance on Solitary Worlds, War Worlds became violent places and sentience not dying out on its own in the longterm was frankly unusual. But Earth had flourished, and there had appeared to be so much hope for this curious dot with its tenacious creatures. Their own authors describe themselves as "where the fallen angel meets the rising ape", and it's a fair description. Enslaved to their own forms but desiring so much more. How could we not assist? But they were a War World, and untreated and untamed they would destroy the galaxy's delicate balance. They would be unable to appreciate the subtleties of our power exchanges, driven by their instincts to see all as an enemy and everything as a weapon. Even their peace activists see the road to peace as being washed slick with blood. How could a War World understand? How could we understand them, we of our Peace Worlds who knew little or nothing of weapons until we met those who knew nothing else? How could anyone comprehend the xenophobic Solitary Worlders who, so assiduously manage their own population rate, lest they choke themselves and die like a sapling in a bed of vines? And so we tested them. --- Vesuvius was a mistake. We had not understood their psychology, had not appreciated that those who remained did so not due to a logical assessment of risk, but due to a kind of stubborn refusal to see it. So many dead... They will never know that there was an hour of silence then, across a hundred worlds, for a species who kill each other in droves every day. But then, such is our way - we are no higher above our instincts than them, we're just better at lying to ourselves. And yet they rebuilt. More than that, they _flocked_. They farmed the new soil, planting vineyards in the same ash that killed two cities. They built bigger and higher, stronger and faster. They didn't just survive, they flourished. We pushed onwards. Hurricanes were weathered until radar allowed for evacuation, until atmospheric manipulation allowed for diversion. Earthquakes killed thousands, and new buildings were built to sway and bend. Rather than reject sites out of hand, they _used_ them. They used volcanoes to heat their water, monsoons to plant their crops. We thought we'd gone too far with the bubonic plague but they survived, they evolved. Within a decade children were born that would never fear the violet rings and blue-black blood of a weapon that we designed. Spanish flu wasn't our fault, though many of the outer council members believe it to be a conspiracy. They fought bravely, and won - and it only cost them 120 million lives. That number would have left a Peace World empty, but War Worlds always are good at breeding. Initiating false-flag attacks and propagating the dissemination of radical materials - _any_ radicals - is standard practice in strain-testing a political culture but we didn't even get a chance. They seem to be doing _remarkably_ well on that themselves, and the fact they're not dead yet is frankly quite impressive. We watched the Khmer Rouge and the Holocaust with a kind of sickened fascination, the notion of "genocide" being a new concept even amongst War Worlds. Not even Chi Carinae I went that far... But the outcry _against_ such actions was what saved them. Some of their political figures might not have been out of place on a Peace World, and their horror at the raw power of atom weapons prevented our agents arranging for an "accidental supercriticality incident", which is standard practice for a War World with atomic weaponry. In all, honourable members... I think they've earned it. Not enlightenment, not at their current stage - we rarely even enlighten Solitary Worlds before their first interplanetary colony is achieved, and doing so to a War World is patently ludicrous. However... I think they've earned permanent de-listing from the War World termination list. Despite their flaws, and they are many, they have seeds enough for peace sown in good ground, and I say... I say we give them a chance. --- Votes Against: 12 Votes For: 26 Abstentions: 0 Motion Carried. 