
The crowd of people in front of me waited eagerly to hear me speak, the spotlight baring down on my latest creation behind me. Alison stood beside me in a plain red dress that had cost thousands of dollars. Why a dyed piece of fabric cost so much, I may never know. I gave a long sigh and began to speak. "Um yeah, so this is a painting of a house. It's called House." Half of the crowd erupted into excited chatter as the other half tried to sush them down, afraid they might miss something. I tucked one hand in my pocket as I motioned to the painting with the other. "There's like a blue sky in the background. I actually ran out of blue paint so I just did that part in crayon." "Genius!" shouted a man from the back. "However did you decide on what subjects were worthy enough for your miraculous art?" asked a posh old British woman near the front, raising her lorgnette to get a better look at the piece on the wall. I shifted my weigh to my other foot and tried to think of an answer. "Well I have a dog, so I put a dog in. I don't actually have flowers in my yard like the picture does but I thought they are pretty so I put them in anyway." The crowd exploded into a thunderous applause and cheers filled the room. A portly man in a strained suit raised his hands to gather their attention and began to spoke. "Such insight! The mind of an artist can transcend normal perceptions of reality and bring forth beauty which is physically non-existent. We truly are witnessing the Van Gogh of our time!" Alison grabbed my arm and stepped forward to address those in front of us. "Why yes, my soon-to-be-husband is one of the greats!" She kissed my cheek and rested her head on my shoulders. "I'm so lucky to have such a brilliant man." I struggled to remember why I went through the effort of painting in the first place. The hot girl I saw in the cafeteria at University would never give me the time of day, no matter how blunt my hints were. I saw her sitting outside with the art class painting landscapes one day and knew that was my in. I looked up the names of some old dead painters so I could fake my way through conversation with her, but to be honest I didn't care about anything she had to say. I just spent all our time together wondering how much of her chest was padding. It only now occurs to me I had sold my life away for a booty call. As the exhibit curator brought a cadre of photographers over to capture images of me with my creation, Alison squeezed closer to me to ensure she was in the camera. This girl was most certainly not worth cutting an ear off for. Seeing that everyone was distracted by the piece of garbage I had on display I snuck away outside. Breathing in the fresh air free of expensive perfume or the smell of finger-paint I considered the quickest way to fake my death. I was looking up places to buy fake skeletons when I saw the most beautiful woman I had ever seen, wearing simple clothes that didn't look like they cost an exuberant amount of money. My eyes followed her as she made her way down the street and into a store named The Instrument Emporium. Looks like daddy was going to be a musician. 