
"Is that... daddy?" Mummy was quiet, her eyes fixed on the screen. I asked again, louder this time. Maybe mummy didn't hear me. "Mummy, is that daddy on the TV?" Mummy was still quiet. She looked scared. He eyes and mouth were wide open. She slowly sunk to the chair, but her eyes did not leave the screen. "No, no, no, no..." she began to say, shaking her head. I tried to read the words on the screen, but I could not understand it. Mummy and daddy never bothered to teach me words. They said that I did not need it. Not that they had the time. Daddy was always out while mummy always had house work to do. I thought maybe I could understand what the TV was saying. I reached out for the controller, but mummy quickly slapped my hand. The controller dropped on the floor. "No, James! No!" she screamed at me. The loudest I have ever heard. Her body was shaking. "You go into your room now!" "But mummy..." I tried to protest, but mummy cut me short. "I SAID GO TO YOUR ROOM!" I ran along the small hallway, afraid that I might make mummy even angrier. Just as I stepped into my room, I felt mummy's hands pushing me from behind. I fell forward to the hard floor and the door slammed behind me. Keys turned in the lock. "I'm sorry James," mummy sobbed from the other side of the door. "I cannot let them take your dad because of you." I don't understand. I ran to the door and asked mummy to let me out. Who were the people who took daddy? Why did they take daddy because of me? "Mummy, let me out!" I shouted, but there was no reply. I heard the engine of our house starting and we began to move. Mummy was driving. "Mummy!" I shouted again. My cries were drowned out by the sound of our house moving. I looked around my room trying to find a way out. I could not understand what mummy was doing, why she was acting crazy? The day started like any normal day. We woke up, had our breakfast like usual. Mummy and daddy ate bread, while I ate meat soup. Everything was made by them. I tried to offer them some of my soup as usual, but mummy just scoffed at me. Daddy, however, smiled. "Son, you know why mummy and I cannot eat your soup. It's only special to you." I sighed. It was something that daddy said too many times. "How long more can we keep this up, Andrew?" mummy suddenly asked. Her bread was barely bitten. They tried to feed me bread before, but I just became very sick and vomited all over the floor. It was the same for everything else. Only meat soup didn't make me sick. "As long as we can, Stella", Daddy simply replied. I could see that Mummy wanted to say something more, but stopped. After we finished breakfast, Daddy headed outside. To make my meat soup, he said. It was something he do every week. That was the last time I saw daddy before I saw him on the TV. The house suddenly screeched to a stop. I heard doors opening outside and mummy's heavy footsteps. "Mummy?" I asked again, scared of what mummy might leave me alone. My room door opened, and mummy was holding a hot bowl of meat soup in her hands. Her cheeks were red and wet. "Here, eat this," she looked at the bowl, barely hiding her looks of disgust. "You'll need it to save your daddy." ----------- /r/dori_tales 