
It takes a lot of convincing to be allowed to keep a pet you find. Especially when that pet is the fabled keeper of the pit from Homeric myth, and you already have two dogs at home. But I never let that deter me, and thankfully my husband acquiesced my strange albeit well-meaning request. I'd love to say it was smooth sailing, but that would be a terrible lie and I don't think I could convince myself of that, much less you. The mornings were the start of it. Little Kerberos -because of course we named him that- loved to sleep on our bed with us and just wouldn't be happy on the floor with the other dogs. Waking up to a three headed puppy licking your face and barking doesn't sound so bad, right? Well, imagine that at five in the morning, every morning. He was a bona-fide alarm clock; fine for my husband who gets up early anyway, less fine for me who works from home and likes to sleep in a little. We also found out he was strangely picky with food, and loved everything finely charred. Fine, since he could take care of that part himself. But how do you explain to the fire department that "Yes, I'm aware this is the fourth time you've been here this week. I promise its not me, its my fire breathing dog"? We eventually swapped his bowl for a barbecue and fed him outside... That isn't to say Kerberos doesn't have his redeeming qualities. He's gorgeous to look at, incredibly smart and trainable, and he's a fantastic guard dog. He also gets on with our other two; a husky and a Shiba. Though we do have to remind him to play nice as not everyone has the ability to breathe fire and has three heads. The neighbours love him too, except for Sheila. She always was far too biblical for us; claimed we'd be gojng to hell and some such because hubby and I weren't married when we moved in together. She took a particular disliking to Kerberos though, calling him hellspawn and a demon. Well Sheila, he might well be the spawn of hell, but his nose is so boopable and he gives kisses. We thought we were ready for this commitment, and the troubles that would come with it. We were adults, we could handle it. The ups outweigh the downs yes, but the downs have drained our wallets and morale for the past few weeks. I think at this point I would have rather had kids... Edit: Well this did a lot better than I thought it would... Thank you everyone for the support! And yes, it probably should say his noses are boopable, but maybe not all noses are equally boopable? Also Kerberos is indeed the Greek spelling of Cerberus, but it in all likelyhood doesn't mean spotted. This was perpetuated because it is cognate with the Sanskrit word Karbarah which does mean spotted. However the proto-Turkic kara-boru, meaning 'black wolfhound', or from the Poenician root *klb-'rz' meaning hound of the earth'. o/ 