
Gralthar the Defiler glared at his minions cowering in front of him. His silence reflected his displeasure and he let it build as he thought about how things got to this point. The asset was missing and this was only his third month on the job. It wasn't meant to be like this. He thought he'd soar through the ranks and make VP in 3 years. Now he might not even make it through the probationary 6 months. He sighed as he looked back at his team. He'd lost track of time and his meaningful pause had gotten awkward. A few of them shuffled their feet a little. &nbsp; The hum of a microwave cut through the silence. Everyone seemed relieved at this interruption and turned to stare. It was Jeff from accounting. It was always Jeff from bloody accounting. They'd had to hold their team meetings in the break room for the last week. With the new renovation underway, their regular conference room wasn't available. Jeff always seemed to need to reheat his coffee during one of their briefings. &nbsp; Gralthar pinched the bridge of his nose and asked again. &nbsp; "You're sure it's a kidnapping? The family isn't out for a movie or something?" &nbsp; "Yes Lord Defiler!" &nbsp; Svengard's voice rose above the loud microwave. Svengard the Earnest. Nice fellow, but took things a little too seriously sometimes. Not the smartest either. For instance, there wasn't any need to bow his head and get down on a knee when it was his turn to speak in team meetings. Things had moved on from the old days of the Monster Clan. &nbsp; Gralthar returned to his thoughts. It was never meant to be like this. He didn't want to be in the Asset Protection Group. Everyone looked at his 9 foot frame and mighty horns and thought he was a Battle Monster. All he'd ever wanted to do was keep track of paperwork. He was always good with paperwork. He'd even registered as Gralthar the Filer when he signed up. He found out later that the kind old clerk who registered him changed it to Defiler. She felt it fit a strapping young lad like him much better. He'd gotten sent to the Hell Marshes to fight on the front lines, but finally managed to rise through the ranks. Pulling some strings got him this job and he'd hoped for a quiet time doing performance reviews. &nbsp; Now his asset had gotten kidnapped. Why would an 8 year old get kidnapped? Svengard was her official Underbed Monster and said there may be a ransom note involved. He'd reported that the parents didn't seem too worried, and this was uncharacteristic. He couldn't take any chances though. This was his responsibility and he had to make sure she was safe. It was time he took action. &nbsp; "Send out Team Alpha." &nbsp; It took 6 hours before Svengard's incident report finally landed on his table. &nbsp; *Asset was tracked to a residence 2 miles from the base of operations. After initial entry it was determined that the subject was held captive with 4 other small humans. All humans were wearing single piece cotton bodysuits covering their entire body. They were being fed a hot, brown drink with white bits floating in it. There were two adults present who were determined to be the kidnappers in question. The adults were restrained and after interrogation claimed this was a human ritual called a sleepover. The asset has been returned to base. The adults are being held for further questioning.* &nbsp; Gralthar stared at the report and then looked up at Svengard. The idiot was kneeling again. There was always a silver lining though. This was going to be a lot of paperwork. 