
"In the seventh year of the seventh cycle, the curtain of the sky shall open - the secrets of the stars revealed! And then the heaven shall fall!" The cloaked man's voice was raw as he pushed his way into the crowd, his mouth frothing and his eyes wild and bloodshot. He tapped his staff against the cobblestone, sprinkling glittering dust from a wooden container at its top. "Bless your souls. The end is coming!" Lanem glanced at the old fool, and then back at his hand. The cards were a bust, and so was the game. He knew it. And his opponent, a deceivingly clever swamp-lump (who probably was somewhere on the psychic spectrum), most certainly knew it. The creature licked his bloated lips and snorted loudly, the warts on his forehead opening to release squirts of pure dopamine. If it weren't for their deep pockets, Lanem would never go within ten feet of a swamp-lump. He drained his mug for the last few drops of the mead, dragging out the inevitable. A shadow fell across the terrace of the small tavern, covering the entire street in darkness. Everyone on the street, even the busy merchants, stopped and looked up. The guards, who were escorting the doomsayer away from the market, slackened their grips. A massive black disk, growing rapidly in size, blocked out the sun. "I told you all!" the old man screamed and broke loose, running toward the city gates. "Fools! Fools!" "You lose, numb-duran!" spat Lanem's opponent, who apparently was the only one who didn't care about the missing sunlight. "Pay up!" Lanem sighed. He didn't like the words 'dishonest' and 'thief,' but he wasn't one to pass up on an opportunity either. He reached for the pouch in his belt. Then took a swift step forward, driving his elbow into the lump's face. The creature's disfigured nose cracked nauseatingly. He'd expected loud screams and curses, but the lump just lay there. Quickly, Lanem shouldered his backpack and snatched his opponent's own bag on the way out of the bar. He was done with Irksmire, anyway. Lanem had barely made it outside the city walls when the sun suddenly returned. He inhaled deeply and started following the dirt road. Toward the deep forests and mountain peaks in the distance, toward new adventures (and new coin). The ground shook with the force of a thousand cave brutes jumping up and down. Lanem lost his balance and ate a mouthful of dust. A thunderous roar rolled over the countryside. Perhaps the old man was right, Lanem thought, as he hugged his head. Perhaps this was the end. He didn't know for how long he lay there, offering a few poorly phrased prayers to Ayessess. Then just like that, the noise went silent and the tremors faded. Lanem looked up to see a black pillar of smoke rising out of the nearby forest. Its origin was a dome that rose like a gray sunset over the treetops. "Shame about the squirrels," Lanem muttered and turned to walk in the opposite direction. Above the forest he noticed that new stars had appeared in the sky. He wasn't especially well-versed in astronomy, but he'd never seen green and red stars before, so those had to be new. He shrugged and started walking - new stars were for smarter folks than him to figure out. He had only taken a few steps off the road when he heard a cry from the treeline. "Boy! Help me here!" Lanem glanced over his shoulder, seeing the crazy man stumble out of the forest, his beard scorched and his cloak in tatters. In his arms, he carried someone wrapped in a pearly white blanket. Locks of silvery hair spilled down the sides of his arms. "Why?" Lanem said. "Because!" the old man cried. "Because they can't have her!" "Who can't have her, and why is it any of my concern?" "The Mind Ring." The old man stumbled to his knees, coughing. Blood dripped down his chin. "They can't have her." Lanem had always hated those on the psychic spectrum, but crossing The Mind Ring usually ended poorly. He shook his head. "Not my problem," he said, and started walking away. "Stop!" the old man said, pointing an ancient-looking device at him. It consisted mostly of an iron pipe and a handle, with a rounded barrel in the center. "Carry her into the valley, or I'll end you right here." As a rule, when someone pointed an artifact from the old age at you, you usually did best in listening. Lanem had seen too many heads blown off in his days to know this. "Fine," Lanem said and held up his hands. He approached the old man. In the distance he saw people peeking out of the city gates, eyes wide at the smoking forest. The old man gently dropped the person in the blanket and took a few measured steps back. Lanem smiled in annoyance - his plan had been to get close and disarm him. The old man wasn't as crazy as he appeared. Lanem reached down. The blanket fell away, revealing a face smudged with ashes. She was lean like a woodland spirit, and almost had the same translucent skin. It was hard to say how old she was, but Lanem guessed somewhere between fifteen and twenty winters. "Walk!" the old man said. "Now!" "Better keep that thing steady, old man," Lanem mumbled and picked up the girl. *** ##[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Serialcentral/comments/9ahwfs/the_world_below_part_2/) 