
"You, Gyork, have sat in interplanetary trial, accused of unknowingly capturing the human currently known as 'Matt Damon,' in an act of interplanetary terrorism of the third degree, and have been relieved of accusations of terrorism. You will now stand, and the next trial will continue. Gyork rose from his seat. He was prosecuted for terrorism, but the prior court ruled in his favor, removing the prior conviction. He made the horrible mistake of taking the wrong human back to his home-world. He just wanted to show his new human friend how nice his home planet was. Gyork responded: "I pleaded ignorance, dear sir. I am no expert in alien history, or I would have not taken this human. I have now been thoroughly educated of the history of mankind on the life sustainable terraform in galaxy 4 and-" "Earth." Corrected the judge. "If you have been educated and truly understand the gravity of the situation you almost caused, your trial of knowledge will continue as a test, of which you have failed the first question." Gyork's ocular bulbs lit with anxiety. He had only just witnessed the visual documentations of human history. "Gyork, the first question: what human is currently the greatest threat to our kind? You have one revolution to answer." Gyork recalled the most recent documentary he viewed. He gave his best guess. "The human Thor!" Gyork exclaimed, but to his dismay, the judge shook his head in disappointment. "Please recall, Gyork, Thor may look human, but he is what the humans have labeled 'Asgardian.' I will proceed to the next question: which earth human has several large dragons that obey their will. Please give the name and title of the human. You have one revolution to answer." Gyork recalled immediately; this was his favorite earth human: "Daenerys Stormborn of the House Targaryen, Mother of Dragons!" "Correct Gyork. But I remind you, one more incorrect answer, and you will face reeducation, where you will be forced to watch visual documentations and remain on planet earth until you are retested in 400,000 revolutions." Gyork wanted to show that he had learned things about the humans after his time there as well. His disguise on earth was great, so he was able to make many friends and learn many things from them, but he never liked learning about their history, there was just too much of it. "The next question: which earth human was the first ever creature to survive the dive into a black hole?" "Leonardo DaVinci!" Gyork blurted. "Close, Gyork, very close. The correct answer is the human currently known as Matthew McConaughey." The judge shook his head once more, and sentenced Gyork to 400,000 revolutions of observation and reeducation on Earth. He gave Gyork one final warning. "Also, Gyork, when you return to Earth. You might want to try out a name other than 'Zuckerberg,' the humans seem to be catching on." Edit: thanks for the compliments, replies and upvotes!! I'm usually a lurker so I'm really glad this was well received!! Have a great day y'all :) 