
"Oh, honey, I'm so glad to see you!" Mom gives me a huge hug, and it's so nice to finally hug her too. So many nights I'd missed this, not the warmth or the way she'd ruffle up my hair or her gentle, clean smell, but just knowing that I could hug her as long as I wanted, and that she wouldn't pull away. "Now," she said. "Are you ready to come with me? You're going to love it here!" "What's going on, mom?" "Our faith was rewarded, honey!" she says with a huge smile, so wide it almost blots everything else out. "Christ awaits you with open arms. There's two prayers a day, and other than that, you can do whatever you want!" "Can I hit on girls?" "Not if you weren't married to them on Earth. Were you, honey?" I ignore her question. "Can I smoke weed? Or drink beer?" She frowns, and I know it's over. "I'm sorry, Mom." I lean in and give her what I hope is my best hug, and move on without looking back at her. - "Who are you?" I ask. A teen sits on a rock with a Juul pod, taking his sweet time on a hit, blowing the vapor right in my face. "I'm an atheist, bro." "I guess you have no lungs to take care of here," I say. "What is that? It smells nice." "Cucumber." "So what are you supposed to be?" "I don't know. But look at all these other idiots," he says. "They really think they made it." "But...haven't they? If they made it all this way? I mean, God himself met me at the door, and told me to take my pick." The kid shakes his head. "That's no God. God can't exist, don't you know that?" "Then where are we?" "We're in a simulation, probably" he says, shrugging and taking another hit. "But I'm pretty sure I died," I say. "I had cancer. I did chemo. I held my girlfriend's hand as I died." "The simulation's supposed to make you think it's real." "So what is this?" "I don't know, bro. But I do know there's just no way God can exist. Just no way..." - She sits cross-legged, and is remarkably still. I would think she's dead, if I didn't know already. "Hello?" I ask. She sits still for some more time. I wait, indefinitely, wondering if I should move on to the next booth. Then, finally, she stirs, and opens her eyes slowly. She smiles a dazed smile. "Hi," she says. "Sorry, I was aligning my chakra." "Your chakra? Is that what you guys do in your afterlife?" She shakes her head. "Well, a lot of it is related to the chakras. The chakras are at the root of everything. But beyond meditation, we have breathing rituals, stillness competitions, and tantric standing." "That all just sounds like meditation." "I was ignorant like you once as well. My chakras were horribly imbalance-" "Good luck," I say. "But I had enough time doing nothing back when I was alive." - I didn't notice him at first. But he's there, at the very end of the line, sitting on a doorstep, smoking a cigarette. "Hey, Dad," I say. "So you made it," he says with amusement. I sit down next to him. I've been waiting for this moment so long, and now that I'm here, I don't know what to say. "Sorry I never got to say bye," I say. "I was a dumb teenager when I left home." He chuckles. "You were. But I taught you not to look back when you've made your choice. And it turns out, you didn't have to, did you?" "So what are you peddling?" He shrugs. "I don't know. I kind of just sit here, drinking and smoking every week when the new recruits come." "What do you do other than that?" He shrugs. "Visit your mom, from time to time. But you know how she gets. I do a lot of fishing. Oh, and they have some pretty good basketball games out here. I can't wait till you see Chamberlain." "He as good as they say?" "Better," he says. I take a drag of his cigarette, coughing in the end, the way I always did when he let me have a hit, knowing I would hate it. "So you were never religious, your whole life?" He shakes his head. "Nah. Figured it was a waste of time thinking about things you'll never know the answer to. And now I'm here, so why should I waste any more time on that shit? There's beer to be drank, games to be watched and played, people to meet, family to take care of. There's no point caring about the other shit." "That sounds like fun. It sounds like...life." "Yeah? You know there's no going back once you choose this door," he says. I look back at Mom, enthusiastically gesticulating to another poor recruit. "I can't wait," I say. And my father pats me on the back, and we walk through the door to the afterlife. - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 