
I stared at the screen for a moment before slamming my laptop shut. As a stress habit, I ran my fingers through my hair and started pacing around my bedroom. *This is not good*. I had always heard about how the NSA monitors people, but I always assumed... Well, I don't know what I assumed actually. I just- I never thought it would happen to me. I cautiously sat down in my desk in front of the computer and opened it, careful to keep my finger over the webcam. "Why are you watching me?" For a few moments, nothing, then a message popped up: "*You're just a real cool dude, dude.*" I spun around in my chair, now more confused and annoyed than frightened. Eventually, I turned back to my computer, "How do I know you guys are legit?" Once more a few minutes passed, then, "*Look out your window*" I somewhat hesitantly rose my hand to the closed curtain and pulled it aside, revealing a black van on the street below with a man in a black suit standing outside waving furiously with a huge smile on his face. As I sat and stared at this grown man with the gleeful smile of a young child a new message popped up on my monitor, "*Dude, come downstairs. Let's go get lunch.*" *What the hell...* I thought to myself, considering whether or not I actually wanted to comply. Eventually, I decided it probably wasn't a great idea to disobey the men with guns. I threw on an old pullover and with a false confidence I strutted out the door, making a beeline for the van. As I walked up the door slid open and another man in a suit popped out with the same shit-eating grin, "Hey dude!" This was clearly the one who was sending me messages, if only based on his excessive use of the term "dude", "Dude, I was thinking we would go get some Pizza, on me. You in?" I shrugged and climbed into the van, still holding the belief that it was best not to upset the NSA. Inside the van were all kinds of monitoring systems and another suit-clad man, who introduced himself as Derek. The "Dude" guy, whose name was apparently Winston, invited me to sit in the front with him as we drove to a local pizzeria. On the way he told about his new girlfriend, Julia, and how excited he was to be with her. We soon reached our destination and all climbed out of the black van. Three put-together men in black suits and sunglasses and me, in my torn jeans and faded red hoodie. We walked in and Winston made the order, even going so far as to order some appetizers (what a dude!). "Alright dudes, grubs ready in ten, so go find a table and find something to do!" Once we were all seated around a large circular table near the center of the room, which was not packed, but certainly not empty, Derek slid a piece of paper with a phone number scrawled onto it. "That's my number, guy. If you ever feel like hanging out with us again, just give me a call. I was thinking next time, we could go spy on some weirdos!" "Okay," I said, as I slid the piece of paper into my pocket, "But I have one question: Why did you contact me in the first place?" Winston lifted his glasses, "Dude, do you know how *boring* it is to be an NSA monitor?" 