
It's a stupid way to do the test, having a picture show up on parchment. I guess it's nice and dramatic and makes for good ceremony, but the whole thing could have been avoided if they'd just gone with a name instead of an image. Diviners. Godsdamned drama queens, nearly all of them. "Behold! It is revealed!" or "By the Mystic Gaze of the Third Eye I have seen," or whatever they yell to let you know they managed to graduate from Mage College with a specialty. Congratulations, sure. You know what the worst part was? They still made me put the blank parchment up over my locker. So everyone could see, every day. Some people, I swear, shouldn't be allowed to work with kids. It's like they don't remember how it is, or don't want to. I got beat up a lot at first, had to learn to make myself less of a hard target. Then I still got beat up, but it had the upside of being practice, and sometimes I turned the tables. During Summoning classes they made me sit outside and do my other homework, which was kind of useful, gave me more free time at home while everyone else learned to form Aspects of their spirit animals and send them around on various errands. But then one day I decided to listen in on the class. The little magical formula they were using wasn't that hard, I got it pretty much immediately, I mean it's one of those things that are supposed to be innate to our race, right? Definitely easier than most of the math we were learning. So I thought, what the Hells, I'll give it a try. That day, they were learning ways to see through the senses of your Aspect. I hadn't seen anything form when I tried the summoning, but decided to continue on anyway. It helped that my homework that day was especially boring. The world I saw. You wouldn't believe it. That's part of why I've taken up art as my hobby, apart from my other more serious work. It's extraordinary, motes of discarded skin the size of whole worlds, water-sack creatures that change shape, droplets of suspended water with skin like iridescent leather. You've seen my paintings, maybe, but they don't quite do it justice. I tried to tell the teachers. In private, even though I was excited. Definitely didn't want the other kids to hear. They refused to believe me at first until I got the damned Diviners to re-do the test. Man did they drag their feet on changing the stupid ceremony. But I wouldn't stop pestering them, so finally I got a name back. Water-Bear. No one had ever heard of such a thing. And of course they couldn't see it. I've seen others like it, since then, trundling through their strange worlds on stubby little legs. They're tough little critters. And they're numerous. And they're simple. And that meant, I was to find out, that I could handle more than one of them as an Aspect. I could handle more than a hundred. I could handle more than you can count. And now they call me the greatest physician our race has ever known. I won't argue, but I do have a confession to make, just between us. That nasty little plague that swept my school the following year? Let's just say that it may have puzzled the healers, but it didn't puzzle me. And the particular kids who got really, really sick had it really, really coming to them. &#x200B; r/Magleby for more elaborate lies. 