
They say life is supposed to flash before your eyes, but all I could see was the barrel of the gun. The guy holding the gun didn't look very pleased. My heart felt like it was going to leap out of my chest. "Give me your wallet." They always say you should respond by giving them your stuff. That your life is more valuable than your belongings. But my broke-ass bank account would disagree. If I gave up the money in my wallet, I'd either die of starvation or I'd have to deal with some people I didn't want to deal with. How dare this punk try to ruin my life? I could feel myself becoming upset. Part of me definitely recognized that as being incredibly weird given the situation... but I wasn't quite in a position to think as well as I should. "No," I responded. "I can't." I breathed a little as he shifted the gun to point at Jack. Right, my friend was with me. It did little to calm my heart rate. The vision that greeted me when I looked over to Jack was a bit surreal. He didn't look even slightly bothered. I'd be lying if I said I didn't feel a tiny pang of jealousy at the indifference he was so casually flaunting. He, however, took his wallet out and handed it to him like this was just some everyday trade. Even the robber looked a bit taken aback. "Here you go." The robber took it and turned to run away. I turned to Jack, in stunned silence for about 30 seconds, then spoke. "W-why did you just give him your wallet?" I stammered. "Don't worry. He's gonna get hit by a car in like a minute, anyway." "Ah." I nodded. That made sense. Actually, come to think of it... "Wait, what!?" "Oh. Shit. Uhh... I mean..." My brain could not handle this. First, I damn well nearly died. Then, my dear old friend Jack acted suspiciously non-chalantly while under the threat of death. Then, he talked as if he knew the future, then *that* made him lose his composure? What in the everliving fuck was happening? While I was trying to figure out if he was tripping balls, or if he was from the future, or if *I* was tripping balls, that's when I heard it. From around the corner. In the direction the robber ran. A car honking, a bit of a crash, and the sound of commotion rising. I glanced back to Jack, who was still red in the face and unable to form a coherent sentence, then turned to run towards the sound. I wasn't much of an athletic guy, so it took about a minute and I was quite winded, but there he was. The robber. On the ground. In the middle of the street. Surrounded by a crowd of onlookers. I absentmindedly approached and saw Jack's wallet on the street, just a few inches from his hand. I knew that if I just went and grabbed it, it would not go over well, especially given that I could in no way prove it was my friend's. So I turned back to fetch Jack. Still a bit winded from the run, I only sped-walk back. I made it back to the spot I left him. Only problem was that he was no longer here. I started looking around to see if I could see where he went. I was just about to call out for him. That's when the lights went out. --- Thanks for reading! I've never done a part 2 before, but I'll give it a try tonight. If you're interested, I'll be posting it here as well as on my subreddit at /r/SecretWinter. Feel free to subscribe if you want to be notified anytime I write a story or sequel to a story. Just be warned that I'm incredibly new to this, so that brand new subreddit is a barren wasteland. [Part 2](https://reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/9b611b/wp_you_and_a_friend_are_getting_robbed_at/e52u174/) 