
Memories are difficult. I don't want to trust them. They're hard to keep track of. I know of some. How I was pulled away from a screaming woman. Locked behind a door. A man in a uniform telling a mother and father their child is dead. My first true memory, or shall I say clearest, is a room white as snow, and hugging to my chest chilled sheets. I was shaking, hungry, and tired. I wanted comfort, but didn't know how to express it. Fear, anger, hatred. Waiting for the men to take me back to the rooms of machines and surgical equipment. Burly men in white. A thousand cobbled memories of a life spent on my back, strapped to a chair a thousand other children spent time in. Stainless steel, laughing at me as I would close my eyes before injections, painful washes throughout my body. Corrections, they would say. We were subjects, they never called us children. Subject 24601 has a genetic aberration here. Fix it. Subject 24601 has a dormant prion based disease that will kill him when he is 72. Fix it. Subject 24601 will have black hair. Fix it. Subject 24601 won't be six feet tall. Fix it. My first years of life spent trapped in that anthill, a mass of thin passages and always rooms. Some held children. Some held equipment. Some housed staff. Some held corpses. Today I sit quietly in the back seat of a van, preparing for my return home. The last session was meant to erase my memory, I assume. A needle the length of my forearm injected into my leg, full of some weird grey goop. Before I could even count to ten, I was out. I awoke with other children in an alien environment, a room packed with color and happy imagery. A room for real children, happy children, well cared for. Smiles plastered on the windows. A young woman reading from a book. Sing song and beautiful. Behind a window, a group of important looking men and women somberly observing. We all sat orderly around her, some whispering among themselves as if they knew each other. Each awoke from a daze. In a show of feigned sorrow, the woman told us all our time was at an end here, and this news was met with a chorus of boos and tears. I knew these children. I had passed them in the thin halls, led by men with electric sticks. Every stare as dead as mine. We were led one by one through a warm process center. Around me were whispers of false memories, pacts to retain friendships that had never existed. Even then, I knew the truth. But whatever goop meant to wipe my memory must have failed. At first, images were hazy. But they returned to me, over time. I was confused in the back seat of a white van, tinted windows revealing the real world. A real sky, clogged grey. A light rain. Occasionally, advertisements would hang above the world, filling the clouds. *Drink Coca-Cola!* I'm brought to a suburb, each house a sprawling estate. Well manicured lawns, tasteful architecture. We pull into a driveway. On their front lawn is a group of people, obviously residents of this neighborhood. Their dress is formal, and some hold signs. *WELCOME HOME*, printed on most of them. I do not know these people. I meet the woman and man that claim to be my parents. I find this doubtful. For one, my original skin color had been much darker. I remember that experiment. The words ring clear. Subject 24601 is an unacceptable pigment. Fix it. I'm showered with gifts and praise. Gifted a false name. The woman years ago screamed Clay, probably doubled over in anguish. This woman calls me Edward. How handsome I am! How strong I look! How well I read! How fast I can run! I'm forced to interact with other children, none that I recognize. They shared those same concocted memories of the Facility, giving fond recollections of a benevolent government. Am I the only one who truly remembers? I lay awake at night, surrounded by comfort and confusion. I know if I try to tell the truth, no one will listen. Every day their televisions give paltry comforts, happy game shows and recipes. Jets fly overhead at night, dull and powerful. In a dark night sky, a holographic woman dances with a man, and he gives her a ring. All around, the facade of perfection. I know of a place. Hidden, forgotten, scrubbed. Somewhere in the supposed 'South'. Atlanta. Miles from here. Subject 24601, I remember. Born in Atlanta, Georgia. 2123. I rise from the bed and dress. I steal money from the man and woman. Part of me feels badly, for they have shown love. But in my heart I know it is conditional. It will require more from me than I am willing to give. Into the night. Clear air, sweet and free. I walk down the sidewalk, to a destination I barely remember. I remember. I remember. I remember. The extent of our injected education made us not children, but products. I can read, write, reason. I know vaguely what I can do. Into the night. To Atlanta. To a real home. Maybe I can find the woman who once called me Clay. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato 