
I had sneezed with my eyes open. I heard the stories, of people losing their eyeballs or having their brains pop out through their eye sockets. I knew it was all bull crap though. But now I look down as half of my right eyeball came off and landed in my tissue. I was stunned in horror. Finally my thinking caught up with me and I could still see out of my right eye, no damage done. I had no idea what I was looking at. I quickly pocketed whatever it was, and continued on my way. The conflicting scene made my eyes water immediately. My left eye was seeing the world as it is, a bright blue sky with the sun shining down. Green grass next to the white sidewalk. Bright and beautiful buildings turned the skyline into a wonderful kaleidoscope. My right eye, the damaged one, saw only grey and cracked walkways, a smog filled sky and dirty grey buildings of blandness. I blinked my eyes to clear the confusion to no avail. Winking one eye at a time revealed that I was seeing two distinct realities. I had to get home quickly. I closed the door behind me as I entered my flat. Finally my eyes could slightly agree on what they could see, a simple, utilitarian studio apartment. My right eye saw the curtains were grey instead of red, and my bed cover was also grey instead of blue, but at least everything looked roughly the same. I headed for my bathroom. I unwrapped the eyeball piece from the tissue and held it up to the light to get a better look at it. When peering closely, I could almost make out a tiny visual feed being projected from the centre. When I spin it around, the dark-blue cells of a solar panel replace the white eyeball I'm used to. It looks almost robotic. I glace at the mirror and almost freak out. My left eye sees my face as normal, but my right eye sees me as gaunt and pale. The most noticeable difference is my eyes, the left is blue and metallic, the right is white and bloodshot. I decide to take a chance. I raise my finger to touch my left eyeball, and it contacts with whatever is covering it. How long has it been here? I had no idea. My eyes always looked normal to me. I take a much closer look at the video feed coming from the removed lens. I can see a picture of what it's aimed at, but altered. It's more vibrant than what I'm actually seeing with my naked eye, better, brighter. I look at the mirror again. My left eye looks wrong, metallic and white overlaid together at the same time. I need to get the lens out. With a bit of time, effort and painful eye-rolling I finally manage to pry the lens off my left eye as well. I feel better immediately. My apartment might be small and dingy, but at least I can see what it's really like. I hear a small beeping noise come from the left lens. I lift it back up to my eye and see a very blurry message: "Error. Enviroenhancement Lens Damaged. Please stand by as agents will be deployed to help immediately." Agents? Enviroenhancement? What was this? The sound of agents coming to help didn't sound appealing at all. I quickly leave my apartment. I need to go somewhere safer. As I exit my apartment building I'm struck by just how dark it is outside. Heavy clouds hang overhead. I think back, and I don't remember clouds being this thick or heavy. Even on the darkest winter day I could still see well. Ah, another trick of the lenses. I turn and head towards the subway. It's fairly crowded on the street, and moving through the crowd requires bumping into people. Not unusual for New Los Angeles. I turn to cross the street and bump into an unassuming man in a hat and business suit. I pause and stare at him, as he's standing in the exact spot a large tree has stood for every day of my morning commute. He's staring back at me. I apologise and quickly head across the street. The man calls back. "Hey! Can you see me?" Oh shit, he must be one of the agents. "He's running. He can see me! Agent five eighty two found the suspect, following to apprehend." I look back, and he's talking into a cuff microphone. I swear quietly to myself and break into a sprint. 