
Being mute has its ups and downs; on one hand, people often don't know how to react when they realize I can't speak, apologizing or sometimes even trying to sign -- as if I'm deaf -- for some reason. I've had to learn how to communicate without words in a world where not many people know ASL, and even with years of practice, it still gets iffy sometimes. On the other, it is a bit nice knowing that if I pick up some take-out, and the cashier says 'enjoy the meal', I'm not going to accidentally say 'you too' and fumble my way out of the building. It's a slightly lonelier existence, you know? Of course, I still have friends and family-- I'm not a *leper*, I just can't communicate the way most people can. Which is totally fine, but there's a little something lost by not being able to make idle chit-chat with strangers at a concert, or chant at a ballgame with everyone else. Silly things most people wouldn't even think about are a bit more challenging for me. That only magnified my surprise when I first heard her. Or, rather, when *she* first heard *me*. I was waiting in line at Target, and the cashier said something along the lines of 'you like khakis, huh?'. The lady in front of me had six pairs loaded into her cart. *I only like kha-keys if they go to a Porsche*, I thought in a Bostonian accent, snorting at the excellence of my own joke. Maybe excellence isn't the right word, but, well, I meet my own standards for humor. It's not like I have to worry what others think. Or so I had imagined. The girl behind me, about my age and with auburn hair that burned like fire, was smiling like an idiot at me. I cocked my head at her, then quickly paid and waited on a bench near the register until she was finished. "Can you hear me?" I asked, looking at my phone. In the corner of my eye, I saw her stop and face me. "See how my lips aren't moving?" The smile on her face melted, her eyes widening. She took a seat next to me. "I don't understand what's happening. I can hear you, can you hear me?" "Yep. Guess I've totally lost it." "Try saying something out loud." I shrugged. "Not possible. I haven't been able to speak since birth." The gaping girl slowly shifted her gaze to the floor. "Me too. This is crazy, right?" "Hell if I know. This can't be real. Like... okay. I'm going to think of a number. When I do, hold up that many fingers." She nodded. "Eleven." "Well, how am I supposed to do that?" She flailed her arms at me. "Okay, fine. Four." She got it right, and again after that. Our gazes locked, and she grabbed my hands. "I don't know what's going on, but... this is incredible. My name is Sarah, what's yours?" "Audrey." "Nice to meet you, Audrey," she said, smiling like an idiot. "I've never gotten to say my own name to another person before." Her smile was infectious, spreading to me like the Zika virus. "Well- I don't know, aren't you freaked out at all by this?" "Why would I be? I don't understand it, but this is just too wonderful to be scared of. Let's be friends, Audrey." "Okay." My gaze turned downward. "I've never gotten to talk with someone this way. There's nothing wrong with signing, but, you know, it's just different. It's really nice to know I'm not alone." A warm, knowing smile crept across her face. "Mom always tells me that nobody's alone- some of us just don't know it yet. "Oh, and I thought your joke was hilarious, by the way. I *love* puns." --- */r/resonatingfury* 