
A lone ranger amongst rogue stars, that's what I was to become. No crew, no help; cast out into the unknown, the uncharted, to seek something. A world, so much like my own, yet different nonetheless. I had to know what it held. I needed answers to secrets unspoken, questions not yet asked. I was only twenty-two, kissing a crying babe, and a crying wife, and a crying mother. "Find that which you seek", they told me, and I told myself. "And come back whole." Stumbling through an expanse of stars like candles floating on a river, I drifted, watching, searching. I did not know what I would feel when it came, but it would be obvious, surely. I don't know how long had passed on plotted course, landing on dichotomous ground, the same yet different. A family, the one I'd left, rushed forth, asking question of my journey. "Did you find it?" they asked me. "That thing you're looking for, so dearly." But I had not, and these unfamiliars, these stolen faces, they were wrong. I left once more, and they wished me luck, crying as they had before. A nomad, I decided, is what I'd become. A lost traveler through the sands of space, drifting, careening, searching. I saw many things in further travels, stars unspent, dying planets, dust like misty fog. What I looked for surely must have been, or else what was the point? My life's purpose was to find a single answer, without it, I meant nothing. A vapid bag of air tumbling across galaxies. Once more I found my home out there, somewhere else unknown. Faces I knew not sobbed and begged, clawing at me like animals unfed. They looked familiar, I knew, like ghosts of love, nostalgia sweeping me away. But there was no time for that, no, there was still so much to do. "Please stay," they asked, dry words a desperate cough. "There's nothing else for you to find." They were wrong, I knew, they had to be. Or what was my whole life? It was a journey, that's true, and along it were answers unbound. I left a final time, a casket firing into space, knowing I'd find truth amidst my death. And as I floated, a living asteroid, I think I found that which I sought. An answer like stars fighting off bleary night, casting shadows of me below that stretched to infinity. It seemed so simple, then, as I trailed away. My whole life searching, never being. And now it has been spent. ----- (kind of a weird one, experimenting with prose) */r/resonatingfury* 