
"That was rather rude," he said to the body on the ground. He'd propped the head on a rolled up blanket and tidied up the bits of armor that aren't torn apart; paladins are sensitive about their appearance, oddly. "For my part I am sorry, I would've liked to talk things out but Carol and Ruemiss are very quick to act." The necromancer paused, looking around his small retinue of compatriots. He's maybe friends with Ruemiss, partially because they'd been friends before the man's unfortunate sickness, but the rest - well, he doesn't want to presume. They're all nice enough. More of coworkers, really. "Also," he said, with small amount of indignation, "isn't it dishonorable to attack a man while he's sleeping? Is there not a paladin code about it?" The paladin's shoulders twitched slightly upwards in a shrug before it - she, maybe, but he's not comfortable taking off the armor to check - goes very still again. "Ah, I saw that," the necromancer said. "No need to play coy. Just a quick chat, then I can put you back to rest or you can come along. It really is your choice." The paladin croaked a hollow laugh. "Is your throat alright? I could probably fix it, if you want." He hefted up a doctor's bag. "Also with magic," he added, "but I doubt you'd be alright with that just yet." "What do you want of me?" the paladin, definitely feminine sounding, said. "Oh, well. I'd like if you joined us, we can go clear up any of your unfinished business. Help some people out with ogres or the like. One day, maybe, find a dragon." The necromancer laughed, "that one's a pipe dream I admit, but it'd be a great story." "The order forbids it," the paladin said, dully, like she's just stating facts. He hummed, says, "That's understandable, long history of antagonism. I'm really not forcing you to do anything, I swear. But, if it makes you feel any better, you'd probably get the chance to kill Rukin the Rot Eternal soon. He's rather mad at me." A long pause. "Why?" the paladin asked. "I think it's a size thing," the necromancer said. "He was very proud of his horde, even though he had to re-raise them every fortnight. Apparently our little crew upset him." Another pause, then the paladin rose with a squeal of rent metal rubbing over metal. "I will join you to end his evil. I promise nothing else." "Oh, that's lovely. What should I call you, by the way? We can use fake names so the paladins don't catch on." "Then call me Maureen, for now," she said. "And what is your grotesque title?" Standing, the necromancer pulled her, with a great deal of strain on his part, to her feet. "Ah, just Steve. Now, since my sleep's thoroughly ruined tonight, let's go find you some new armor, Maureen." (( https://www.reddit.com/r/PleasantNecromancy/ for further updates)) 