
The strangest thing about the afterlife is that it was empty. I let my eyes adjust to... Well, being dead I suppose. Tall rock caverns, lakes of fire? Oh, very Milton. This had to be hell. But, no one was here? Wasn't hell supposed to be other people? I clambered over some loose rocks and just kept going. Pretty similar landscapes. Rocks. Fire. Darkness. The corridor I was following hit a fork. To one side there was a light. Well obviously I had to follow the light at the end of the tunnel. Yes that's how it goes. Got to get myself out of this... Hell hole. It got brighter and brighter and warmer and warmer. But I didn't mind much. Dead perks! Can't feel anything. The light was a room. Huge throne in the middle. Very tacky. Bones, suffering, screaming faces. The works. Looked like someone trying to be edgy. "Uh. Hello?" Satan, and it had to be Satan, he looked the part, turned around. "Hello! " He spoke in a voice that sounded coated with dust. To my utter surprise, he started manically applauding. Tears in his eyes. "I haven't seen anyone for hundred of years. At least I think it's been hundreds of years. Oh thank God. Someone qualified." He was almost sobbing. "Yeah... Where is everyone?" "Oh, I only know what the last one told me. In the beginning it was really hard to get into the pearly gates. Really serious selection criteria, only the best of the best. And actually pretty hard to get into this place you know, priests could basically just sell you forgiveness. So everyone ended up in purgatory. Cluttering it up." I noticed that he started, well, fading a little. But I was too polite to say anything. Not to the first being I'd seen. "Anyhow the big boss man decided to relax the rules a little. Stop purgatory from being crowded. Sent his kid down to tell everyone. It didn't go so well apparently. Anyhow more people got in. But because of the rules mix up everything was a mess. So due to clerical errors they just went, bugger it, and let everyone through." I could see the wall through him now. How odd. I wondered if he faded in and out periodically. "But you see, someone had to be left down here to take care of it. Someone had to qualify. And now you've qualified." He was fading quicker and quicker. "Thank you so much. For relieving me of my post. " It finally hit me "No! Please! Don't leave! What did I do? What did I do?" "I can't control it. But you see, you did the worst thing possible. " "What?!" This sentence was the last thing left of him. "You aimed to reach higher than humanity. I, Faustus, should have stayed with physics. You tried to become a God." "You mean every so often a scientist qualifies to become Satan?" But he was gone. And now I am alone, only, not quite. The walls are filled with enough knowledge to make humans Gods. If only they knew. 