
Slowly, I move my hand to the waistband of my jeans to reaffirm I haven't forgotten my weapon. A replica, sure, but nothing compares to the embarrassment of that ordeal on my second robbery attempt. Since that failure, I'm always quick to double and triple check, minimum. It didn't even have the capability to make a bang anymore, but the black toy had always done the job. Fear is the tool; and so I had named the cap gun Monster, reminiscent of the unknown fears that would plague me as a child staring unblinking at the closed closet door. Slowly edging backwards and out of the line, I attempt to join the rest of the store patrons who have more hastily made their exit. The employee quickly meets my gaze with a look I've seen numerous times. Fear, confusion, panic; will the poor girl escape with her life, her job, will her sense of security be ruined forever? I look down quickly - if I'm not making the score I don't need the guilt. The thief is making quick work of the robbery. It is obvious that he isn't new to the game. With little hesitation he places a decent amount of bills into numerous pockets between his vest and jeans. Wranglers, I notice absently as I back away. Hilariously, I also wear Wranglers. Imagine if all thieves had to abide by a dress code I ponder, my mind wandering as I slowly and cautiously turn for the door. A sudden commotion occurs at the counter as the heist has completed and the man is making his quick exit, head down and covered with a ball cap to disguise himself from all manners of recognition - digital and otherwise. As he cuts across the store to exit, I think briefly of sticking out my foot and tripping him or pulling out my own weapon. Is it possible for a villain to become a hero in an instant? Foolish, I think. How would I explain my weapon to authorities later? It isn't really a weapon, I remember, so it probably wouldn't be the most even playing field even if I wanted to make a stand. Best to let him go, get the hell out of there, and make another attempt tomorrow. It won't be the first time I go without a proper meal. As the thief reaches the door at pace, I notice the employee reaching for a small switch by the counter. I've seen the device before on one of my previous attempts, these auto-locking door triggers, and it had been a mess. It was the only time I had to get violent with an employee as I searched for a back exit and an escape from punishment. I looked desperately at the employee, willing her to not push the button. To no avail. She pushes the button and quickly falls to her stomach behind the counter. Shockingly, the thief makes no mind of the switch being flicked and the mechanical sound the door makes. I can't believe her luck as the offending party slams into the now locked door at full speed, crashing his skull into the double proof glass and falling back motionless. &#x200B; I hear the clatter of plastic and instantly reach back for Monster - of course this is the time for my damn weapon to make an appearance as it clatters down to the floor. I can't say for sure, but I can only imagine the look of shock that plays across my face as I touch the toy still securely tucked in my pants. My eyes dart to the offenders gun, now sitting still on the floor after landing against a stack of diet soda bottles. It can't be, I think, recognizing Monster instantly as my most useful tool and closest ally in the struggle to stay alive. Slowly, my eyes move to the assailant, blood slowly pooling under his head, ball cap slightly lifted from the ricochet off the hard linoleum floor. If I wasn't already wearing a look of shock from recognizing Monster on the floor, it certainly took hold the moment I recognized my own unconscious face on the ground staring blankly into the lights. 