
"Kat," I said in a quite aggressive tone of voice, banging on the giant metal hatch. "Katherine Peterson, if you don't open this goddamn door right now I swear to God I'll -" I was knocked to the side by a gust of wind as a blur flew past me and rammed into the door. "Oh," I said, picking myself up. Kat was not going to be happy about the rather sizable dent. The caped figure in front of the door was already backing up for another ramming. "Stand back, civilian," she said. "Whatever she has done to you - whatever precious belonging or loved one of yours she has taken - I am here to help you now." "Er, that really won't be necessary," I said. "I mean, she and Alex did take my phone, but that was just them being dicks - you really don't need to do that - " The superhero had already rammed herself into the door again, ignoring my protests. In the same breath, Alex swung the door wide open, laughing. "What the hell are you doing?" he asked. "Kat's so pissed, she says to ask if you've finally snapped and - oh." He stared at the hero, who began to smile slowly. "Looks like I'll be getting two of you for my efforts today," she said, lifting Alex by the scruff of his neck. "Please," I said. "They didn't actually do anything. They're just -" A bolt of electricity zapped through the air from Kat's ray gun. "...my friends," I finished, as the hero hurled Alex in Kat's direction. I sighed as I glimpsed my phone across the room. It was on a huge wooden table among Kat's scattered tools. She'd probably been planning to take it apart and plant a bomb in it or something as a joke. I ran towards it, zigzagging to avoid explosions and shattered glass. I snagged the phone off the table just as the hero came crashing into it, sending what looked like an electric hand-axe flying narrowly past my nose. I kept running as I looked at my phone, dialing a number I knew by heart. "Jason," I said. "I need your help." "I'm busy," was the response. Alex's eyes were glowing blue as he hurled spears of ice at the superhero, who deflected them with her shield. Kat was hefting a gun almost as large as she was, and energy was gathering in its core. The hero lifted what was left of Kat's work table to throw at both of them. "Okay," I said. "You're busy. I get it. It's just that there's a superhero here, and she's got red hair and really obnoxious red lipstick. I feel like you might know her?" There was a pause, and clattering on the other end. A few moments passed before I heard a response. "My mortal enemy," he said. "I am on my way." "Thanks, man," I said, and clicked off the phone. I hated my friends sometimes. 