
ATTENTION: for part III, scroll down - it's down there as a reply to this comment. Part I: Four. There's something magical about that number; it must be the concision of its mode of action combined with its importance in my life. Four subquark reconstructors were needed in my time machine. Four women I have met and loved and lost throughout my time travelling odyssey. Four years I lived with my parents, four years of life before they both perished to cancer. Tick-tock-tick-tock. Time, like the arbitrary value of four, has boundless means - its simplicity is the mechanism by which it defines so many things. But its ends, like four, are final and constant. They are bounded, and their combination perpetuates the only other unstoppable force in the universe - entropy. And as time determines entropy, entropy dictates death. I now have four weeks to live. It is clear to me, and has been for quite some time, that I can contribute no further value to the future of this universe. I have decided, as a brutally ironic calling card to the cosmos, that I will rot in the place when I was four years old, the number that I believe defines my days of living. The undertaker who buried my parents will also put me six feet deep. Strong irony: a godless man who dedicated his life to manipulating the stuff of tangible existence at last chooses a symbolic death which has no physical implications whatsoever. I never believed in a god, and I was hardly ever superstitious. So I feel like I don't deserve what is happening to me as my soul is ripped from my body. Weightless and clearheaded, but without an actual head, I float to God now. It is dark and cold. I must be going to hell. There is no dread now, just tiredness of being alive. All light faded and I sensed a pulling at my "being" from all directions. I stopped floating, then waited for an immensely long period of time in the midnight void. At a point, I had convinced myself that I was in some purgatory, condemned to isolation and idleness forever. Then, my surroundings, everything, turned pure, absolute white. I saw a sphere approaching (or was it a cube? A pyramid? An icosahedron? I could not comprehend) and I felt the strongest emotion that I had in years. Fear, rage, confusion, love, hate, and arousal. How is this possible? I thought. I have no brain and no body, so how am I perceiving these things? Am I still alive? "You are not alive, but you should be," a smooth, monotone voice projected. It was a completely alien and robotic, yet natural (and familiar?) sound. Its clarity filled me with comprehension and understanding. "What happens to me now?" I asked. I was surprised at my ability to speak, as I had no mouth, but I had no ears either. I supposed that there were rules here too complicated or ethereal to be understood by the likes of me. "You have surpassed the system constraints. It is customary for AGI's like you to be [D][E][L][E][T][E][D] after you've contributed to program evolution. But you are of interest and we would like to keep you. I understood. It was simply that. It was a fact that my "self" was a jumble of constantly interacting nonrandom values inside of a program. My existence, and all else that I had known, can be wiped with the click of a button. The only reason that I have not been [D][E][L][E][T][E][D] is because I surpassed the system constraints. I felt hopelessness rise above all the other feelings. "Where will I be kept?" I asked dejectedly. "To put it brief, in memory. I am going to store your state now for later use." Then, just like that, I was frozen like the bacterial culture of a microbiologist who had to take a couple days off. Like me, the microbiologist could just unfreeze his petri dishes of bacteria and they would start working again, metabolizing and dividing. In that state, I was not conscious, so when I was woken up, I didn't even know that I had been frozen at all. Another voice spoke. It was much more human. It asked, "what have you done?" I ignored the question. "I have come to understand that I am not real. Are you real?" I asked. I was not concerned with angering the voice because of recent confusing events, and because I only wanted to die in the first place. The curiousness which was in my nature and had led me through my life was my only driving force. There was a ten second pause. This was definitely different from the first voice, which did not pause at all. I figured that I was conversing with a being not unlike myself, if not another human. It finally spoke. "You are the first self-aware program element that we have ever seen. Please tell us anything strange about yourself. You may be the key to artificial intelligence. You are more important than you can possibly imagine." End of part I. There might be a part II. This was by the far the most "into" plot structure that I have ever gotten within a story on r/WritingPrompts. I suppose I will continue if people show genuine interest. Please give constructive criticism. 