
"Aw... please...?" I asked, blinking my eyes at the dragon. The dragon scoffed, rolling its eyes. "Human, if I did not want to assist you, I would not have risen from my eternal slumber." The dragon's old rusty and creaky bones rattled, as I gave a little squeal and practically hugged the leg of the dragon. "Yay! Thank you... what's your name?" "Bob," the dragon said flatly. "Bob. Well, I am Lila!" I jumped back as I heard the thundering clop of the horses of the paladins and the little band of dead I raised who wanted to aid me turned to face them. Well, I got some good finds... a reanimated fluffy werewolf, a lonely knight, another necromancer who was curious in my abilities, some wolves with some special ability to rouse both living and dead wolves to their aid, regardless of pack. And now, a dragon... named Bob. "This is the resting place of millions," Bob said gently. "Be careful on who you ask." I skipped to the center of the graveyard, calling out to the dead. "Hey! If you wanna help me make a final stand against paladins and some necromancers who rudely awaken you from the dead you're free to do so!" The ground rumbled underneath my feet as the wolves stepped out and howled into the night. Many pinpricks of light shone in the darkness, and wolves were beginning to rise from the ground, mangled and torn apart... but alive and snarling. "I mean... the necromancers don't really like me politely asking you guys... but that's just manners! And raising the dead by asking isn't exactly dark magic, is it?" The knight drew his sword with a metallic *shing!* and the necromancer summoned dark energy, ready to fight. The werewolf howled into the night and bared its sharp claws, black in the moonlight. The pinpricks of light around us were coming closer, taking the form of live wolves, 40 packs strong. The rude necromancers came closer, every step a wake of dead forcefully yanked out of the ground would follow, snarling in disturbed rest. "I don't know what the paladins' deal with being polite... but they clearly don't like me. Please help? I only..." I sniffed suddenly. "I didn't ask for this. I only asked for a friend to talk to, and the earth gave me one." The ground rattled as cracks emerged in the ground. "... I'm scared and lonely and everyone doesn't like me because, I don't know, I'm too weird? But then when I finally have friends more people want me to die... I don't want to die..." My voice shook as I curled up into a ball on the ground. "I just don't want to be alone..." There was the bloodcurdling cry of violence and war as Bob prepared his wings for takeoff and aerial assault. There were so many paladins. There were so many necromancers. There were so many hostile dead. The wolves might not make it in time, I could hear their desperate patter on the ground, trying to race the horses to me. "Even after I told the paladins I didn't mean it they called me a witch and said I didn't deserve to live but I screamed and told them I didn't mean it, I just wanted a friend. The necromancers told me I'd never belong because I was too nice and they'd have fun watching me get ripped apart by the paladins because I would never be a good enough person for any dead to like me... especially if the living don't like me." There was only one of me. "... I want mommy and daddy back. They raised their long pointy sticks and called me a witch when I showed them my new friend. They wanted to keep me locked up. What happened to all the fun times they took care of me?" I sobbed, curling up. "Can someone help me, please?" I squeezed my eyes shut and let the tears pour down into the earth as the first paladin roared and raised his sword above his head to strike me down... I felt the earth rumble beneath me and abruptly shift due to a crack in the ground as I heard the paladin stumble back and the sound of metal to metal coming to blows. There was a roaring sound as more cracks were felt and the ground broke apart to the sound of outraged dead. "The hell? You're a paladin! A dead paladin! She put you under your spell!" a paladin shouted, probably at a reanimated paladin. "She's only seven!" A more throaty growl. "She's faced loneliness! She wouldn't. Resort. To. This. If. She. Was. Taken. Care. Of." With every pause there was a swing of a sword. "That's what I'm trying to do!" the living paladin exclaimed, raising his sowed to strike me down. "To take care of the prob-" The paladin was cut off with a sickening sound of a slice to the neck, as I screamed and covered my head and ears, muffling the sounds of the battle. Sometime during the battle the werewolf curled around me, covering me in its musky, fluffy warmth. It would shake if a stray arrow hit it, growl at other dead, and whimper when it thought I couldn't hear. "I wanted a friend," I whispered to the ground. "Is that too much to ask?" "It's okay," grunted the werewolf, curling closer to protect me. "You've got us now." 