
"Well, shit." I mumbled. "Were you expecting someone else?" He said slyly "Uh, yeah, i was." I replied. "Oh, you were expecting a female." Said Lucifer. "Would you prefer if i changed appearance?" "No, this is weird enough as it is. I don't want to have to see The Devil in a dress." I said. The thought of it made me shudder. "So, shall we go?" Lucifer asked. I took a second contemplating this. What would my family think? Not to mention, what if he started causing chaos. This could be a shit show. "Fuck it, let's go. We're running late and i doubt i can change it now." I grumbled. "Do you want to do drive or should I?" Lucifer asked. The politeness in his voice caught me off guard. What was his end goal? Why did he need a date, and why out of everyone, did he pick me? "I'll drive." I replied. We got into my car and drove off. After about five minutes of silence between us, all the questions swirling in my head had to be asked. "Why did you pick me?" I blurted out. Pick you for what?" Lucifer asked, not making eye contact with me. He was looking down, fiddling with the red and gold cuff links on his suit jacket. He seemed nervous. "For the wedding. You could have picked anyone, why me?" "Because we both needed a date." He said, with a bit of annoyance in his voice. "Yeah, but i was sort of expecting...." I didn't exactly know how to finish that sentence. Lucifer turned his head, and stared right at me, with a fiery look in his eyes. "You were expecting a female." He said. "Well, i guess we both drew the short straw on this one." "Who were you expecting?" I asked. He seemed off. Unsettled. Like he was nervous. He didn't answer the question, so i decided to ask a different question. What do you need a date for anyway?" "Because i too, am going to a wedding. But the person i was originally going with changed plans last minute." He replied. "Wait, so you're saying that you, Satan, the king of Hell, got dumped?" I tried not to smile while saying it. "Well, at least i had a date." He replied coyly. That was a low blow. But this is Lucifer, and what he said was all true. "So, this wedding is it, a demon wedding?" It was difficult to find the correct words. I didn't even know if demons had weddings. "I guess you could say that." He said, absent minded. "But the wedding is here, on Earth." He seemed annoyed at the fact it was on Earth. Weird, we were both going to a wedding. A thought crossed my mind, one that was unlikely, but made my skin crawl. I decided to not ask anymore questions. We pulled up to the parking lot. "We're here." "Let's get this over with." Lucifer said. He said it with a certain distaste, as if he had to force the words out. "Look, I'm not thrilled about it either." I said. "If anyone asks, your name is Luke." "Really? That's the best name you have?" "Do you got a better one?" I said, with annoyance in my voice. He glared at me, and started walking towards the hall. I speed walked up beside him. "You never did say why you were attending a wedding i said, having to catch my breath. "My little brother is getting married." "You have a brother?!" I said. I couldn't contain the shock from his sentence. "There is a lot people don't know about me." Lucifer said. He didn't seem too keen on elaborating. We arrived to the doors of the hall. "Okay Luci-" I tripped up on my words. "Okay Luke, you ready?" I said. "Sure." He said. "One question." He said, turning on his heels to face me. "What is your name?" Up until this point, i realized i hadn't divulged my name to him, or any info about the wedding. "My name is Mike. My sister, the one that is getting married, her name is Nancy." "Wonderful." Lucifer said sarcastically. We pushed open the doors to the hall. The place was crowded, people wearing tuxes and fancy dresses, drinking champagne and chatting about. I started to get nervous. I always got nervous around big crowds of people. I started walking forward, but after a couple steps, i stopped. My Hellish date, if that is what you would call this, was not beside me where i thought he was. I turned around. He stood there, a couple feet behind me, in the the doorway. His face was as white as a sheet. For some reason, him looking terrified started to send shivers down my spine. I walked back over to him. "Uh, hey, Luke?" I said. "What's wrong?" Lucifer didn't reply. He was staring off behind me. I turned to look where he was looking. At the far end of the hall, you could see the stage, my sister Nancy standing up there, with her soon to be husband. I got in front of Lucifer, and i saw his eyes re-focus to me standing in front of him. I half whispered. "What the fuck are you staring at?!" I demanded. "Is this the right wedding?" He asked. The way he asked that question, he sounded mortified. What was he, The Devil, so afraid of? All of a sudden, Lucifer raised his left hand, index finger extended outward. I turned, following where he was pointing to. He was pointing at my sister and her future husband. "That man." He said. "He's my little brother." It felt like i got hit with a ton of bricks. I was shocked, confused, and speechless. After what felt like minutes, i mumbled the words, which i said much louder than i ever intended for them to be. "What the fuck!?" 