
I could understand how a foreigner might raise suspicion, especially in a country that had just experienced a rash of bombings, but the footage I was watching made no sense. The same 30 seconds of footage, over and over on the local news. I watched again as the news played the clip of me leaving my hostel, walking across the street to a fruit stall set up on the side of the road, purchasing a piece of fruit, and walking back to the hostel. That 30 second clip was airing virtually non-stop on every station, and I had attempted to run a few of the chyrons through Google Translate in an attempt to understand what was happening, though the answers were pretty nonsensical, more often than not. Because I didn't speak the language, I couldn't tell if the issue was even with me, or if there was something more sinister going on in the footage that I hadn't noticed. I watched the clip a few more times, straining my eyes against the grainy video to spot something new. That's when I heard the choppers. It was so faint at first that I thought the noise was coming from the television. Only after it became louder did it register that helicopters were bearing down on the hostel. I knew instinctively that they were there for me, and I wanted no trouble. I walked to the door of the small hostel, patting myself down as I walked, making sure I wouldn't give the police a reason to be jittery. I opened the door to a truly bizarre sight. Some twenty police cars had gathered in front of the hostel, and choppers thrummed overhead, spotlights shining directly into my eyes. Voices were screaming at me, and though I didn't understand what they were saying, I laid face-down on the ground, hands behind my head in a surrendering posture. Several policemen rushed forward to zip a pair of plastic handcuffs on me, and roughly lifted me from the ground, marching me toward the police car. They spoke to each other gruffly in a language I couldn't name, and eventually the man directly behind me leaned in close to my ear. "You're going away for a long time, Fruit Stall Bomber." "What?" I asked, worriedly. "I'm not--I didn't--the apple!" The two men marching me forward stopped abruptly, cocking their heads at one another in confusion. The man who had previously addressed me barked at me. "What apple? Is there a bomb? Where is--" The hostel burst apart in an earth-shattering explosion behind me. I dove to the ground, but not quickly enough. Shrapnel grazed me at several points on my back, but I was alive. But this was far from over. **EDIT**: Part 2 below! 