
I, who was once, am and yet am not. Some think immortality a curse. Some think it a gift. I think it useful. Once, I was human. I forged the greatest swords ever known, and those blades brought the god-king to his knees, where we saw him to be only human. As reward, our new king bound me to his own sword, the greatest of my works. And there I lay, content to watch history being forged. My hilt felt many hands, some just and some unjust. If I thought them unworthy, I repelled them. For a time, I was a legend. But legends fade, and turn to myths, and myths to wisps of stories. So I rested over a fireplace for many, many years, my name forgotten and my king millennia dead. I did not resist when thieves stormed the house and yanked me away; I knew they would not use me. The strange balls of metal had taken the place of swords for so many. They pondered my value, and thought it nothing. So they traded me away, to a rubbish blacksmith who thought me cheap metal, and reforged me. Memories of the heat still linger. But when he was done, I had something of a body -- crude, to be sure, and clearly made of a man's fantasy. It seemed strange until he affixed me to the helm of a ship. A magician blessed the ship, and they christened me 'Windbearer'. My crew were not virtuous, but they were good. Most were given to rum, but all were kind, and all had their own kind of morals. The first time they ran down a slaver's ship, I thought my metal heart might burst from my chest. But the wind batters me now, aided by the furious blows of cannonballs. I can feel the cabin boy's life blood soaking into the ship's planks, he who ran from a broken family and found hope here. The captain, who told me stories about his wife when he could not sleep, lies too still. *Something must be done.* So for the first time, I open my eyes, and rise. Pirates they may be, but they are *my* pirates, and I will wash away all the Grand Navy before I let them die. One of mine sees my hands raise and turns from his cannon in time to see the nearest ship go under, overwhelmed by mighty waves. "Windbearer?" he breathes, followed by a, "Gods, is it?" "It is." 