
It was a stupid idea, really. Trying to bluff our way into fooling the aliens about how powerful the human fleet is. But the United Nations was desperate, having heard of just how advanced the aliens are. The fear was that when they see how primitive humans are compared to them, they would seize the opportunity to colonize us. History has shown how first contacts usually end up when there was an imbalance of power, only this time, we are on the losing end. Somehow, somewhere, someone managed to convince humanity that watching Star Wars may fool the aliens into leaving us alone. So a ship was sent, bearing all the episodes and television series of the Star Wars franchise as "gifts" to the alien. Disney had requested time to produce Episode 21 to further strengthen the narrative, where humanoids enslaved all the other species in the galaxy, but time was not in their favour. The massive alien fleet was due to cross into our territory soon, and the delegation must reach them before they set sight on our real actual fleet. Colonel James stood uncomfortably near a pillar while Episode 8 played out on a screen before him, stretching for almost two stories tall. Around him, aliens of different sizes and colours stared at the screen, gasping in amazement when they saw Rey sliced off Luke's hand with his lightsaber. "As you can see, our elite fighting force called the Jedis are able to utilize energy based sabres in combat, which are effective in both defence and combat, " a voice filled the hall. A figure stood not far from the stage, dressed in a brown robe. James chuckled at the absurdity of their mission. The UN had actually gotten a Hollywood actress as the messenger for the mission and wanted them to dress the part as well. Still, he must admit that Jen was quite the crowd pleaser, as the aliens hung out to her every word. He just hoped their ruse worked. "So, what do you think?" Jen broke the silence as they were both seated in an empty room, two hours since the last credit rolled. The aliens had placed them there while their highest command adjourned for discussion. James shrugged. "I think we are all going to die." "Oh, come on, you really think the aliens won't believe us?" "For all you know, they could be observing and listening to us right now." James' eyes scanned the room. The walls were pure white with no mirrors nor pieces of equipment, and the room was bare save for the spherical bubble they were sitting on. All he wanted was to leave. Jen wanted to protest, but a door appearing out of the walls stopped her, and the figure stepping out from it made both Jen's and James' jaws dropped. "I see that you humans share the same culture as us, or you could just be huge liars," the creature said, its face hidden behind the glow of a lightsaber. +++++ *Edit: For anyone worried about Star Wars spoilers, whatever that was mentioned in the story are just fictional work, not related to any real trailers nor movies!* /r/dori_tales 