
A slab. That's my life. An ancient stone slab. I'll never forget the day that I found it, January 23rd, 2011. Now, it had been over six and a half years since I discovered the device, resting in the sand in Cairo: a little piece of rock with ten numbered buttons, four operator buttons, and a screen that gives off no light. The press assaults me with questions now, as do researchers and any citizen that walks by me and recognizes my face. They can't take it from me--it was on my property--but everyone is fascinated by it. And although I don't want the world's attention because of this thing, I am fascinated by it too. Everyone has their questions: Was it dropped here by aliens? Is it just a prank? Is it proof that the Illuminati exists? I don't think it's any of those things. Somehow, somewhere in my brain, I know that this was created by a human, a long time ago, by a brilliant mind that was forgotten as time and the world moved on, uninterested. Despite its age, this thing, which must be a calculator, runs numbers across its screen again and again and again. The only clue as to what it's trying to calculate is a small expression in the upper left corner: 1 / 0. That would be futile, of course. 1 / 0 doesn't have an answer. Yet still it computes, through day and night, just displaying the symbols, trying to answer a question that mathematicians across the world have already given up on. Now, today, I wake up, push the sheets aside, and stand, feeling the 8 hours of stillness from the previous night in my aging legs. A pang of fear strikes me, one that strikes me every morning: Will I ever see the end of these calculations? Or will I die before I see the answer? If there is an answer, that is. That second thought simply causes me to let out a little half-hearted groan. I walk over to the desk opposite my bed and do the most important thing I do every day: check the calculator. It's flipped over, so that its smooth stone is all that I see. I pick it up, feeling the rock, and once again think of of the long-forgotten mind so many years ago. As I turn it over, the sense of futility in my heart subsides, for there it is! The answer! "ERROR: LOW BATTERY." 