
Even centuries later the human race had not recovered. Seven billion people culled down to just a few million takes a long recovery. The biggest loss was that of the scientific community. With so few people many modern commodities disappeared. And as humanity grew back, they grew back without such needs. Digital technology had never recovered. Humanity was somewhere in the middle of the Iron Age really, but those who knew history were hesitant to fall back into industrialization easily. This is what may have prompted the alien species to attack. To them the earth looked ripe. The ruling species was a primitive ape like humanoid that hadn't even developed space travel. Humanities first contact with intelligent life outside of its planet would not be kind. They came down quick and hard from the sky, obliterating the most populated areas. Still fairly sparse when compared to humanities peak. Confident in their strike the alien species went to check on the areas they had blasted. Human remains were everywhere. Bodies torn apart, burned, crushed, smoldering. A stunning success to the outer space species. That was until...until the bodies started moving. They weren't fast, at first. They slowly gathered themselves up and inches closer to the aliens. Both excited and hurt that their first encounter should be so brutal. The lowly torn down humans looked at the intelligent life that had hurt them. Tall beings of slender build, most features hidden behind their own versions of a space suit. You could tell they were shocked though by when a formerly dead body would shake awake and move back to be with its fellow man. The men didn't start this war, they didn't ask for it. They had not yet recovered from their own losses years gone by. But they would finish it, just as their own had started. A man laying on the ground crawled over toward the space beings who watched the groveling man. As the man got close he wrapped himself around the feet of these interstellar beings. They pointed some sort of exotic weapon at him, their version of a pistol he was sure. Without further hesitation staring up at these beings from the stars he bit into the closest ones leg. He didn't know if the disease would spread through the alien species like it had his own, but he had hope. And with that the alien shot him in the head, unknowing that it would be a headshot needed to kill the man. The remaining people saw the bite and turned away, knowing the doom the man had wrought for the space species. They would find out soon enough if the zombie disease spread amongst the aliens by if they came back or not. The humans doubted they would be back. And with that they went back to their lives. 