
Stardate 120-810 Dear Mum and Dad, I hope this finds you both well. Sorry it has been so long since I last wrote. So far our exploration mission has really opened my eyes to the mysteries of the universe. My star academy training could never have taught me half of what I have learned on my first year aboard the HMS ARTEMIS(tm). This week we were contacted by an unknown alien race whose name none of us can pronounce (only the ship computer can say it). We have been invited a aboard their ship for what we can only interpret as 'snacks'. The captain is sceptical, but is eager to show them that we respect their customs, so accepted their invitation. I will write again soon. Stardate 120-813 I hope these postcards reach you in good time what with the interstellar postal strikes! Today we gorged ourselves on a plethora of delicious foods provided by our alien hosts. We can only assume they took a long time figuring out what we like to eat. Judging from the dead animals and plants littering their ship, there must have been vast amounts of trial and error involved on their part to get this right, for which we are all grateful. Their service has been exemplary thus far. Unexpectedly they have invited us back for a second course of snacks tomorrow which we are all eager to sample. Stardate 120-814 Ensign Gregory (the one with the braided hair and blue skin) collapsed after eating a dessert containing pistachio nuts. Her nut allergy almost seemed to please our alien hosts, they all gathered around her and took samples of the froth coming from her mouth. I felt sorry for ensign Gregory, as the desert was truly excellent. One of the best desserts I have ever tasted. There is still so much more to eat! I have smeared some of the dessert onto the corner of this postcard for you both to sniff. Stardate 120-837 After several weeks of gorging the majority of the crew (myself included) are now in critical conditions. The unpronounceable alien race have now left, as if satisfied by our illnesses. Our chief medical officer diagnosed us all with over eating, but now she too is missing and presumed overweight. Many of us are suffering from depression, vast weight gain, and terrible irratability. We are all confined to the hospital deck. The captain had large amounts of food teleported to his quarters, and we can only assume he has been eating alone in there for the past two weeks. Nobody has seen him. If you receive this postcard, please get word to star command that our ship has suffered severe casualties. They.. Preyed.. On... Our... Greeed... // END COMMUNICATION // 