
I stand atop my lair gazing out onto the wastes that surround it, scouring the landscape for signs of my enemy's approach. Fire belches from my twisted demonic lungs with every breath. My vaguely draconic wings flutter and twitch ever so slightly as I prepare myself to take flight at first sight of my foe. My spiked tail swishes back and forth in excitement, unable to contain my anticipation. The day I've waited for has finally arrived, the moment that will allow me to fulfill my destiny is almost upon us. Days ago I received word that the so called "Hero" had discovered my true identity and my personal responsibility for his family's death. It was the happiest moment of my dark and dreary existence. It was said that he was enraged, and was making his way to my domain to confront me with all possible speed. At least it seemed so, but as the hours and days passed I began to doubt the actual speed of his advance toward me. Had his horse died? Had he broken a leg? What could possibly have delayed him from arriving at our monumental confrontation for so long? Throughout these unnerving days, I had sent many of my scouts back out to keep an eye on his progress, and now I demanded answers from one of them. "Why has he not arrived? Why am I *still* waiting for my destiny to be fulfilled? WHERE IS HE?" The tiny, lesser demon before me cowered as I all but roared my questions at him. "Lord Belzanarr," it began in a wavering voice. "The Hero is... he appears to be in Westmarsh." "Westmarsh?! That's hundreds of miles from here, and in the opposite direction!" "Yes, my lord," it replied. "Days ago he suddenly halted his charge toward your lair, turned around abruptly and rode off toward the west with all possible speed." "What game is he playing? Is there some demon slaying sword of legend residing in a cavern in Westmarsh that I am unaware of? Or a mystical ally who could aid him in bringing about my downfall?" "No, he appears... we have reliable knowledge that he..." the demon stuttered before finding his resolve. "I saw it with my own eyes, my lord. He is in Westmarsh killing rats and gathering ingredients for an elaborate stew." "Rats... and an elaborate stew..." I repeated with genuine confusion. "Is is a magical stew that will empower his attacks or provide him with resistance to my flames?" I asked hopefully. The demon checked his notes and shook its head. "Reports are that it is a turnip stew, my lord. It requires many ingredients that can take hours to gather, but still just a turnip stew nevertheless." "A turnip stew? I cannot imagine a more common and unremarkable cuisine!" I said with mounting frustration. "Slaying rats and stew making are tasks far below a hero of his stature, does he have no choice in this matter? Was he... ordered to complete these quests by his king's royal decree or something of the sort?" "I'm afraid not, Lord Belzanarr," it told me. "While stopped at a small town to resupply on his journey here, he found a shabby looking note pinned to a board outside his inn. He read it, then set off immediately in the opposite direction toward Westmarsh. I read the note and brought it for you to see for yourself, my lord. He handed it to me. It read simply, "Westmarsh Bounty: Slay 30 rats. Reward: 5 silver pieces." "Five silver pieces..." I repeated several times as my anger grew. "FIVE MEASLY SILVER PIECES HAVE DERAILED OUR CLIMACTIC BATTLE FOR THE FUTURE OF OUR SOULS AND THIS ENTIRE REALM?!" I raged on for minutes on end until a second demonic scout came flying in, interrupting my very justifiable temper tantrum. "My lord!" it exclaimed. "The Hero has departed Westmarsh!" "While I remain thoroughly insulted by his priorities, that is indeed welcome news. How long until he arrives on my doorstep for our final confrontation?" "He... is still not headed this direction," the second demon replied warily. My head came to rest in my hand, utterly defeated. "Well? Where *is* he headed?" I mumbled. "The Hero saw an advertisement for 'new content' promising an entire undiscovered new realm full of new quests, adventures, and... greater foes and bosses to slay. He paid a handsome sum and boarded a boat for this new landmass." "GREATER foes and bosses?!" I shouted as I flew into an uncontrollable rage. My palms glowed and swirled with otherworldly dark energy as I banished both demon scouts back to the hellish realms from whence they came. My furious, primal screams echoed throughout the halls. Utterly infuriated, I stomped and smashed the floors and walls until chunks of the structure of my lair were crumbling down around me. Eventually I composed myself, but only briefly. His actions were an unthinkable affront to my role as leader of all the forces of evil in this realm. If it was a psychological war this hero was waging against me, then for the moment at least, he was certainly winning. ___ Check out r/Ryter if you want to be derailed by your very own side quest! Goal: Read more stories. Reward: Uhh, I dunno... hopefully some more laughs and entertainment : ) 