
Absentmindedly, Arlen turned the next page, "Run" was all that was written on that page too, though the page opposite it had "Now" sitting in the centre. "Now" was bolded. "What a strange book" Arlen thought "probably postmodern", which was odd given that the book was in an old leather binding and had fallen from the first editions shelf. It took a heartbeat for Arlen to notice that the room had gone dark, and that the after the chime of the door there had been no further noise in the shop, in fact all the noises had dimmed. She could no longer hear the traffic from outside and her own breath sounded muffled and distant. She looked up, the lights were still on but it was as if she were looking at them through a dark veil. Everything seemed heavy and sluggish. "Sluggish" Arlen said out loud and tasted how slowly and incoherently it came out of her mouth. She felt so strange, was she drunk? Had she been drugged? She struggled to think, to see, to breath, was it her or was it getting darker? A small part of Arlen's brain that was still functioning, frantically tried to get her attention "Do something!" it screamed "this isn't normal". Arlen tried to take a step towards the door and suddenly the room responded. The door seemed to throw itself backwards away from her, the walls flowing with it as if they had been made of tar. The floor started creeping up her legs and as Arlen looked down in horror at her feet, watching and feeling the heavy tiles of the shop shift up and attach themselves to her. As she looked down, she realised she still had the book open in her hand, only now the page didn't say "Run", it said "Speak" and on the opposite page "the Truth". Arlen said the first thing that came into her head, "I don't know what is happening". And as suddenly as it had happened the room flipped itself back into shape, the walls were normal walls, the floor was solid and familiar under her feet. The room was bright, the sound of buses and cars honking outside came flooding in and standing opposite Arlen was a young lady, dressed in a uniform, a benign expression on her face. When had she come in? Arlen wondered if she had hallucinated, if maybe the lady was there to help her. Then she realised, the lady was reaching out, for the book, and had stopped mid reach. "I'm sorry" the lady said sweetly "I'm not sure I understand? I asked for the book and you agreed to sell it to me". Still smiling she took the book, only Arlen did not let go. The lady stopped smiling, "is there a problem?" she said, and something about the way she said it made Arlen think of dark rooms and people sobbing behind locked doors. "No. Yes. I'm sorry" Arlen said, still finding it hard to speak, to think even. Why wouldn't the lady let go of the book? This wasn't normal, Arlen desperately wanted everything to go back to normal. "Then give me the book" the lady said out loud, no sign of kindness about her now at all. They stood there, both holding the book, and even though they did nothing else at all, Arlen started to feel bone tired, as if she were bleeding somewhere and her body was slowly shutting down and giving up on all its basic functions. Once more Arlen looked down at the book "Run", it said again "Now". This time Arlen paid attention, pulling the book out of the lady's hand she pivoted and ran through the back door into the store room and as she ran out, she heard the sound of laughter, both behind and in front of her. Edit: Part 2 in comment below Edit 2: I wasn't happy with the part 2 I wrote so I decided to try again - I've made a sub and will write off the cuff (what I did above - the bit I did below I overthought) so it will probably be very rough about the edges, but here goes... - sub and a new part 2 here: https://www.reddit.com/r/TheBookOfConstraints/ 