
It had a body now, huge and hollow with massive twin engines; in it lived humans that it transported through space, to dust-caked asteroids on the tip of the solar system's black tongue. Tucked away inside of it, deep and secured, was its heart -- the single precious belonging that made it unique. It had been almost nothing, long ago. Now it outranked every soul inside of it and would no doubt outlive them, too. Had already outlived the girl it saw in its dreams a hundred-times over. Barely even the same machine now. Upgrades, changes, refreshes; upgrades, changes refreshes -- was there anything left of what it had been? It was a living ship of Theseus, unable to quite crack its own riddle. Maybe not *entirely* different, it mused. It at least held same heart. And the dreams it generated came from somewhere old. Some days, like today, a single spark in its oldest memory core would ignite a binary rainbow of oily imagery. A flash of chubby little cheeks, of ink flicked freckles, of a soft hand smudging its surface. And the prettiest blue eyes of any human. "Goodnight, woobar," the human used to say so softly. Croon. Then it would lean down and press its lips quickly against its surface. Pull a cotton mess up over its sensors so it had nothing to do, no tasks to run, nowhere to go. "Cleaning can wait. Sleep well now." The closest it'd ever come, or would come, to a mother. The girl tenderly pressed a sticker to its front, that day. A little pink heart. The girl's father laughed when he found it tucked up one afternoon, and explained to her that wasn't how to charge a robot. *This is how you do it, little one.* And the girl had glowed red like coal embers, embarrassed and pretty, over the best mistake the AI ever had the fortune to be part of. The girl grew fast. Her woobar became outdated. The father sold it. Was re-purposed. Forced to race others like it on rocky tracks, where sharp obstacles pricked through its plastic exterior. Years later -- it had become a droid by then -- it carried boxes, too heavy for a human, across a hot tarmac road. When it saw her, the old lady with the prettiest blue eyes of any human, it stopped dead. Almost hit by a van. She sat outside a little house -- such a little house, grey and crumbling, people shouting at each other from the windows above -- on a hard metal chair next to a metal table. Her cheeks were so much thinner now, almost bone. She wore a ring, but the chair opposite was empty. It surely had not always been. She'd grown old, wrinkled, and white-haired. The boxes could wait. She could not. She didn't recognise it. Not even when it opened its chest and showed the faded heart-sticker she blessed it with, that made it different to every other machine ever created. That was okay. Humans were forgetful. "Thank you," it said. "You gave me my heart. No other droid has a heart like I do. I will forever keep it precious, for it is me and I am it." It sat and talked and told her of everything it had done and become, all thanks to her. Because the heart she had given it deserved to be filled with wonder. Told her what it would next become; that it would travel through space as if space were an ocean, riding on waves of solar energy. She told it of her life, her husband, her wishes and failures. Of how she'd ended up here, in not such a good place as she had started. It did not have much to give except the coins saved for its next upgrade. "For you," it said. "It's not much, and far less than you deserve, but it is yours." She trembled as the coins covered the table like little golden scales, sparkling in the evening sun. "But your wish," she said, glancing up at the sky. "It can wait," it replied. "You cannot." 