
Rolling my chair closer to the desk, fingers jittering slightly as I slid the slide onto the stand and centered it, I brought my face close to the microscope. I'd spent years perfecting it, and today was the first real trial of it with something other than micro-sized images printed off. I had put a few cheek cells spread out on the slide, and as I viewed the first one, sharper than ever before, I noticed something... weird. Grabbing for my notebook, I copied down the lines and circles. It was... binary, for something. Checking the other cells, the same numbers were written in lines and circles, or 1's and 0's. Grabbing a textbook from my junior high days, tucked under the ugly vase my mother had gotten me for her last christmas, I flipped through, finding the page, and set to splitting the binary. When I figured out it started with 1800, I couldn't help but chuckle. It hurt my chest, laughter so rare for me, but... a phone number? A corporate number? It was just so ridiculous to me. Looking at it out of the corner of my eye, though, I couldn't help but be curious. Googling it came up with a few vague listings, one for a "Self, LLC," and another for "Better Body Better Life tech support" I dialed, hands shaking as they always do, and had to redial 4 times before I got it right. Instead of ringing, that familiar sound that preceded "We're sorry, but the caller you are trying to reach is unavailable. Please hang up and try again later." repeated, on and on, in its place. I locked my wheels, one hand drumming on the arm rest and the other holding the phone to my face, before I heard the noise stop. A voice, a little like my fourth grade teacher answered. "If you have questions, please press 1. For warrantee claims, please press 3. For voluntary forfeiture of property, press 5. For replacement parts, press 7. To hear your options again, press 0." When it finished, I mashed the 1 button, hoping I wouldn't accidentally press 2 or 4. With the phone away from my head, I didn't hear the voice until it nearly yelled, but it was just a buzz. Back to my ear, I said, "Hello?" into the phone. The man, sounding young and a little too cheery, asked for the digits that helped me find this number. A little creeped out, I read the 1's and 0's out, figuring there was nothing really for him to do with random numbers. I was wrong. "So, Sydney, what can I answer for you?" I asked the basic questions, the Who, What, Where, Why, and How, but he insisted that he unfortunately couldn't share that information. "Was I meant to find this?" I finally asked, and he chuckled, a grin in his voice as he answered. "I'd say so. Would you like to have a warrantee replacement? I can do that over the phone for you, if you'd like." On a whim, I agreed. Shit, shady company, knew my name, what could go wrong, right? Well, that brings us to today. I woke up, no pain in my back, no numbness, no discomfort at all. My hands were steady for once, and I felt like I could see in the dim that the night light in the hallway lit up. Some sort of auto-pilot told me to stand, even though I hadn't stood in years without help, and I could. I'm just scared that there'll be a cost at the end of all this. How does one pay for a body replacement? 