
"And now, for your final experience!" Exclaimed the genie, throwing his arms wide and his chest out. Before him, an elderly man stood, his fingers still clutches around the lamp. And though wrinkles cut into the man's face, and wisps of grey hair danced around his temple, the genie was his senior by two thousand years. A difficult feat, considering the man himself couldn't remember his own age. "Well, let's see," said the man, stroking his scraggly beard, more wrinkles appearing as he entered heavy thought. "Whatever shall I choose? I've already chosen my two favorites." He smiled, revealing his last two crooked teeth that clutched stubbornly to his gums like trees left after a hurricane. "*Those* were your two favorites?" exclaimed the genie, slapping his head with a heavily ringed hand, "Surely you have something better! Something exciting, something incredible! A once in a lifetime opportunity you want to see twice!" "Oh no, oh no," the man shook his head, his expression certain, "Number one surely was the day I met Annabelle. I really can't top that. Impossible, I'd say." "Your best memory was the day you met your cat?" the genie asked, incredulous, "How about the day you met your wife?!" "Oh no!" Cackled the man, "That's not a good one at all! If you were a regular genie, I'd ask you to scrub that memory away! And second would have to be that one time at Bellisimos, when I ate an entire deep dish pizza by myself! Oh, the cheese, I still find bits in my beard. Those two certainly were the best I've ever had." "Come on," sighed the genie, glancing at his watch, "If those were the two best ones, surely it shouldn't be hard to find one even better! Hell, you could just go back to Bellisimos, you didn't have to waste a wish on it!" "Nope, they don't let me in there anymore after I stopped paying," the man frowned, "But it's been a hard life. If I could, I'd relive those two memories forever. Say, what if-" "No!" shouted the genie, his face whitening as he realized the next words to come out of the man's mouth, "Don't!" "What if I relived this experience, the one I just had with you? Yes, that's my third wish!" *** By Leo [Writing stories about powerful beings is my favorite! Check out my superhero story if you enjoy reading them! You can read it on reddit.](https://www.reddit.com/r/leoduhvinci/comments/65jl9n/star_child_part_1/) 