
Pert walked easily through the mist. He'd been walking for what seemed like ages now, but the mist never changed around him. No matter which way he turned, or how far he walked, it just continued the same way, on and on. After what seemed like years of this, he saw a shape giving form to the mist, a tall, straight edge angling upward. As he walked toward it, it gave way to a wide three story building, a palace in the Zhou style with overlapping, angled, thatched roofs covering exposed levels of the building. As he walked toward it, the ringing of a powerful gong shattered the air. Out of the mists, dozens of soldiers charged toward Pert. Pert looked at them strangely, as if something were slightly off about them. "Come with us, stranger," the tallest one in the group said. Not wanting to be a poor guest in wherever this was, Pert acquiesced. They marched briskly into the walled palace complex, through a flattened, graveled court with isolated trees and into the main chamber. Emperor Qin sat in front of a xiangqi board. Across from him, Sun Tzu stared intently at the pieces. Behind the pair, a shelf held dozens of ornate scrolls. Qin Shi Huang looked up at the newcomer and regarded him with bemusement. "Interesting clothes, boy, are you one of the barbarians from the north? I thought my wall would deal with your kind." "No, not a barbarian sir, I'm Pert, just a traveler." Pert looked around the room at the decorative jades and potteries on display. "A nomad, a little better, but still uncivilized." Emperor Qin looked down at Pert. "I think I will put you to laboring in the clayworks. Master Meng Yi, take him." He clapped his hands and one of the warriors appeared by Pert's side, grabbing his arm and escorting him out. That's when Pert realized what seemed off about them, they were painted in vibrant, life-like colors, but they weren't flesh, they were clay. "Oh, wow, you're one of the Terracotta warriors, I've never seen one in the original paint, this is incredible!" He reached out and poked the warrior in the face, earning a slap and a foul look. "So, what is this place? Why is it so," he gestured around the village, devoid of anything more recent than the warring states era, "traditional." "This is the Empire of Qin, standing for all time as the greatest empire on heaven and earth." "I hate to break it to you, but the Qin was nowhere near the biggest empire on heaven and earth. That was maybe the Mongols, they even took most of China and called it 'the Yuan Dynasty.'" He looked over at a man working jade with an abrasion-rig. "So, here you just live that one time, for all time, nothing new. Just running the emperor's errands all day." Meng looked at Pert, "We live to serve." Pert favored him with a glance, "Right, but doesn't that get, boring? An eternity of back and forth and clayworks and jadeworks and patrols and xiangqi." "It is not my place to question, the Emperor rules with the mandate of heaven, his word is absolute." "No, Meng, you've got it wrong, This is the afterlife, this is supposed to be your retirement, enjoy it! You can't let some guy lord over you your whole life, and then lord over you your whole death too." Lifeless clay eyes stared back at Pert. "The emperor commands, we obey, it is natural and right." Pert put his arm around Meng, "No Meng, it's not natural and it's not right, I told you I was a traveler, right? Well I go through the afterlife, bouncing in and out of little bubbles like these and I think I've come here for a reason." Pert pulled a red book out of his bag, "I'd like to introduce you to Uncle Mao, he had some fascinating ideas about workers and emperors. Maybe you'd be interested." --- The revolution was quick and bloodless. And, since the inhabitants of this new political country were all made of clay, Pert wondered if it just might work this time. Pert, a humble mailman of the afterlife walked back into the mist and eyed the next package in his messenger bag: *Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass, an American Slave.* He put his hands in his pockets and sighed as he trudged off through the fog. Why couldn't he ever deliver something fun like *The Hobbit*, or an *Audobon Bird Guide*. 