
I've always had a cat. My first cat found me. He was a skinny street cat that had somehow climbed up on to my balcony. I heard him one evening when I got home from work, meowing outside, and I could tell he wanted to get my attention. I assume he was just super hungry and couldn't make his way back down from the second floor. Well I took him in, he was stand offish at first. Didn't like to be held or petted. But he warmed up over time, he was my buddy and that was what I called him. He died recently, his kidneys gave out on him and I'm not going to lie, I bawled like a baby. He wasn't the cuddliest, friendliest or cutest cat in the world. No viral videos were made staring Buddy. He barely noticed laser pointers and didn't really like catnip. But he was my friend. A few weeks went by and I wanted to save another cat, or rather have a cat save me. I saw this one little one. She was grey and white, just like Buddy. Like Buddy, she didn't like to be picked up and "man handled" but I felt she was the one. She had this feisty character and a sense of independence. I brought her home that night. I named her after my favorite Game of Thrones character, Arya. I felt it was a suiting name. She's small, tough, has needle claws and is ready to use them. She stayed by the window the whole evening and into the night. I tried to coax her onto a pillow in the bed but she wouldn't have anything to do with me. Something fascinating was apparently happening outside in the dark. So I let her be. Buddy was a tough cookie too, and Arya would be just like him. I was dead asleep when I heard it, a loud crash and a screech! I shot straight up and looked for Arya to make sure she wasn't hurt when she leaped up into the bed pounced on my chest and spoke! "We need to leave. Now!" What the actual fuck! "Get up and grab your shit, we need to find somewhere safe your highness." Your what?! "Up, now!" She swiped at my chin barley touching my beard. "Yea, yea okay. What's happening!" "I'm your new guardian. I am supposed to be incognito but it seems they thought you were still vulnerable. After they discovered Buddy's death, we got word they were going to attempt an assassination. You found me just in time your highness." "How do you know Buddy, and who is trying to assassinate me, and why do you keep calling me 'your highness'?" "Buddy was my mentor and your former guardian. Ever since you came of age you are The Leo, sovereign of Felidae, the cat King. And the Canis are trying kill you. The dogs want you dead." "Geeze, no wonder why I've always been a cat person!" *In honor of my friend Buddy RIP* EDIT: WOW! Thank you all so much! And thank you OP u/RaymondGrizzly for a great prompt. It has been a couple of years since Buddy passed away, but I instantly thought of him. Thank you all for helping me memorialize him! 