
"A little salt with that, dear," I gently told Madison as she poured me a cup of coffee. She gave me that perplexed look that children often give adults, be it for a good reason or not. I suppose this was as good a reason as any, given the oddity of this habit. "It's to keep the demons away," I whispered to her and I reached out to muss her hair. She flinched. I think she thinks I'm crazy. I'm not. I'm just lonely. I formed a little bit of a guilty pleasure over the years. Not crack or coke or whatever the kids these days are doing, thank goodness. I just tend to gravitate towards flea markets and antique shops and anywhere with a couple items that have seen their fair share of years. And, well, needless to say, with those years comes a history, sometimes more sinister than I would like. I found this very mug somewhere like that. It was an estate sale for some old man. Apparently finding bodies in the basement deters heirs from coming for their inheritance. The latest was a suspicious looking spoon, forgotten under the felt of a silverware drawer as if it was hiding so as to unexpectedly curse some poor soul's home. Items like these always made me wonder about their history. I figured I would find out someday soon once I brought it home. "I'll take that," I had told the shopkeep; I think her name was Erma. Erma bested my age by a handful of years and it irks me to know I just won't ever catch up. If she was any more pale and wrinkled I would almost mistake her for one of my ghosts. "Just the spoon," I clarified when she went to ring up the whole drawer. In spite of her pale complexion, she managed to get a little more pale. "The spoon..." she had mumbled, glancing around nervously and holding it at arms length. "That spoon..." And that was all I got from her. I figured it would pair well with that cursed fork. If you could sentence a fork, that one would be guilty of murder. Instead, three generations sat in prison and a half-dozen people were dead and buried, all courtesy of that fork. Forking lovely, right? So much for passing down family heirlooms. I found it better not to, just in case. You could never know what those priceless antiques might bring with them. If I were my daughter, I wouldn't bring the grandkids over to visit. Not anymore. Not with all the history I've collected. Sometimes I see myself stabbing something, fork in hand, plunging it into a lifeless item over and over again. It's not like I'm harming anything. But for the most part I get along with the ghosts. We enjoy each other's company. "When is mommy picking me up?" Madison asked me. She was eight now, a little short for her age, a little snarky, too. "What's the rush, dear? We've got plenty of time." She didn't visit often. Mom had to run some errands. Walmart, the cemetery, the usual. She would pay a visit to the father, God rest his soul. Sometimes I spoke to him if I stumbled upon a certain mug. That one was for long-steeped black tea, no honey. It would be bitter and saltless. He never had kept his demons at bay. "I don't like your house, grandma," Madison told me. I knew that. Nobody liked my house. Well, nobody but me and my friends. "It's scary." "It's not scary, Maddie," I told her softly. I held out a hand and she took it and I pulled her to me. I turned her around so that we could see the family room and into the kitchen. "You just need to be friendly, and everything you see will be friendly back. They're just lonely." "Who, grandma?" I chuckled. She knew who, she just didn't know she knew. "The ghosts, honey," I whispered. The basement door creaked open and the napkins on the counter fluttered. My hands rested gently on her shoulders, her company so welcome after so long alone. She was so small and frail still. I wished she would never leave, but all good things must come to an end. Her mother would come pick her up and she would glare at me and snatch her away and I would be alone again. I caressed her neck, pulling back her hair into a ponytail and gently running it through my fingers. "I don't like ghosts, grandma," she said back, her voice barely audible over the creaking of doors and the patter of little footsteps all around the house. The windows were closed but wind whistled under a door. Outside, the windchimes hung motionless. "It's alright, honey," I told her quietly, my hands coming to a stop. "We just want your company." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 