
We did what we thought anyone (and everyone) else would do: we shot first and asked questions later. Christ, that first time I saw one was terrifying - it had some poor kid on the ground and was trying to eat it alive. I'd thought zombies were the stuff of movies and paranoid syfy freaks. I'm licensed to carry, and all I thought to do was save the kid, so I shot the damned monster. Little did I know where it would get me. It was before the outbreak really began. Hell, maybe that guy was one of the first. There were witnesses and security footage, so after a couple hours of questioning the police let me go and the DA declined to press charges. The kid was treated at the hospital, and a very grateful mother offered to show me her thanks, but thankfully, I declined. A couple days later, there was a news story. Same kid, the thankful mom, and the babysitter, all shot by the cops as they tried to feast on their local church group. From there, things went to hell pretty fast. The movies are both right and wrong. People quickly started looting and rioting, but most people tried to lock up their houses or get away. Not many could bring themselves to put a bullet through the head of what we thought was a former loved one or dear friend. I say 'thought', because, well - that's why we're here today and why I'm giving this testimony. Nobody thought there would be a cure - the stories always depict a collapsing society that will only survive if all zombies are wiped out. And if there was a cure, we figured that surely it would take years. The militaries of the world sealed off national borders, and their scientists wouldn't even talk. Who could have predicted that some smart fucking undergrad would make the breakthrough of a lifetime and be a Nobel laureate at 19? Not a single fucking soul, that's who. So, yea, I was one of the guys that was willing and ready to protect my family, my friends, AND my community. And do you remember? Y'all asked me to do it. You asked all of us on trial to do it. To kill the fucking monsters and to let you keep your precious hands clean and not have to see the shit we do now, every night in our dreams. Our nightmares. Our crushing sadness and inability to cope knowing that maybe we could've saved those people, if we'd risked a little more to round them up. But how could we? So few of us willing to fight, asked to die, asked to say a prayer and shoot granny or little brother. We couldn't do it. So we did what we had to. Again, what we were asked to. With the borders sealed, we never knew that the epidemic didn't spread. That the US was the only nation affected and infected. That the world quarantined us. And now, now... Those fucking arrogant world politicians... They demand not only proof of cure, but punishment for the dead. And you're willing to capitulate. To kill more people. Good, honest folk, who have suffered enough. All in the name of appeasing the global "community". How would they know? They didn't see people getting their faces eaten off. And for that matter, they want ME, and my team punished for killing people (who were zombies at the time, I remind you). And yet... The former zombies get a pass. A pass for tearing my brother apart. For tearing my wife apart. For tearing MY WORLD APART. I'll tell you what. You bring me the folks who killed my family but have been "restored". Let me send them to hell. And then I'll be your sacrificial lamb. I'll take the death penalty they demand. And hell or heaven, I'll make them all pay for what I've lost. 