
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/MatiWrites/comments/dpf39n/flowers_part_2/) is up! The aura of the little Tuscan flower shop drew me in like none had drawn me in before. Not even world governments or their secret spy societies; not even cults or churches or anything of the sort. It glowed red to me, pulsating like a living, beating heart. I was a moth to a flame; a drowning creature to the tantalizing safety of fresh air. Bells on the door jingled as I entered; the smell of lavender and roses assailed my nostrils. I gave in to the temptation and looked around. Flowers, of course, I was in a flower shop. But they were the finest, most intricate flowers I had ever seen. Roses with such detail that I could lose myself in the petals for hours. Pinks that turned to red in a different light. Purples that turned to a dark maroon and blacks darker than the darkest night. "Welcome," she said, her English heavily accented. I must have looked a tourist with the t-shirt of the Italian boot hoofing a soccer ball and my backpack on. Her voice was mellow, the tone sweet. Her face was pretty, with plump cheeks. She smiled politely, and for a moment the pulsing of the walls stopped. "How are you?" she asked as I approached the desk. "What is this place?" I said by way of response, looking deep into her eyes. They were a kaleidoscope of colors, tossing the reds and greens and purples of the flowers into a multicolored masterpiece. "A flower shop, sir," she responded. She must have me a fool, asking what a flower shop was. She must have thought me a fool, that I was ignorant to the secrets that little shop held. I shook my head, breathing deeply. Petunias, if my memory served me right, sitting on the counter, patterned like the night sky. I reached for a petal and she stopped me. "No touching, please. "Sorry." She smiled pleasantly, my trespass forgiven. "What flower are you looking for?" I looked her in the eyes again, fighting the hypnotic way the colors morphed and molded into different shades and shapes. "I'm not actually looking for a flower," I told her. I think she might have already known. She blinked carefully but her face remained impassive, helpful as a service worker strove to be. "Then how can I help, sir?" "This place," I said vaguely, waving around a hand. "This is the headquarters of an organization." She didn't smile and she didn't frown. She tensed, maybe, but even that was so subtle that I could have imagined it. Almost imperceptibly, she shook her head. "No, sir. I think you're mistaken." I shook my head. "I'm not mistaken. I don't make mistakes, not about this. This shop..." I looked around. Passerby walked by oblivious to the secrets of this little store. Some glanced in the window, their faces crinkling into smiles as they saw the magical flowers of the gallery. "This is the head of the world's most powerful organization." She gulped and her jaw clenched. I was sure of it now. The ringing of the bell on the door snapped her gaze away from me and she glanced up towards the latest customer. Then her eyes were back on mine, the kaleidoscope now muted and black and her gaze steely. "You're mistaken," she answered firmly. She raised a hand, beckoning the customer towards me. "Mario," she said. It wasn't just a name. It was an order. I stepped aside but an iron grip grasped my arm. The street was the other way, not towards the back room where I was being led. I voiced a complaint and he gruffly shushed me, saying something in Italian that I couldn't understand. I tried to plant my feet but the behemoth of a man pulled me forwards. A bull in a China shop, I thought to myself, wondering how he managed to so gracefully avoid even touching any of the flowers. That was my last thought as he opened the door, throwing me inside and stepping in behind me. ***** [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/MatiWrites/comments/dpf39n/flowers_part_2/) is up! Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 