
God's fellow gods cornered him in the break room that morning as he was making himself a cup of coffee. Jehovah looked at them, irritated. "What?" "We just wanted to see how you're doing." Ilarel, goddess of the midnight planet and lightless sun, put a gentle hand on his wrist. "Is everything going okay for you right now?" "I'm fine." He shrugged away from her. "I don't need any of your prying." The other three gods exchanged doubtful glances. "You just seem really... stressed," said Glimrere, who was putting an impressive amount of effort into maintaining a corporeal form. Usually he was one with the wind and air and bitching at people for walking through him. "I told you I'm fine. Work's been busy, but you know how creation is. The everyday tug and pull of things." His smile was tired and flat. "Really, guys, I'm doing well. I love my job. I don't, however, love *this*." He gestured to the divine intervention gathered before him. But Ilarel persisted. "You've been taking it out on your creations." God turned away with a heavy sigh. "My worshipers are many and enthusiastic." "And confused." Oron, lord of love and war, had been silent until now. His eyes, deep pools of eternal fire, burned low with contempt. "They've been killing each other for centuries." "Come on! It's fun to see them fight over you. You all should try it sometime. Good for the old self-esteem." The gods just stared at him, unsmiling. "Don't you even care?" Glimrere stammered. "They're living, thinking beings full of needs and desires and--" "Yes, yes, everyone is complex." God waved him away. The goddess scowled at God. "You need to go down there and tell them who's right." God gripped his knees and laughed. "What the fresh hell are you talking about?" "You know what I mean. You have at least three major religions down there intent on killing each other, and it's *your* fault." "*My* fault," God scoffed. "You gave them at least three contradictory narratives, so, yes." Oron thumped God's chest with a single finger. "Your. Fault." That made the creator and lord of Earth roll his eyes. "Look, I've just had a lot of change. You know, as an individual. I don't think I'm signaling the right thing to them to just go back and try to erase the past. Deny who I was." "I think that would signal an excellent thing to them, actually," Glimrere muttered. The coffeemaker went off. God poured himself a cup. He regarded his coworkers with a mixture of pity and distaste. "They're like little tiny bugs," he reminded them. "Don't take everything so *seriously* all the time." And then he returned, whistling, to his workbench. *** /r/shoringupfragments 