
I walked through the heavy oak double-doors expecting another reprimand. Truth be told, I'd grown quite used to the whole routine. For centuries, I'd delighted at drawing *the look* from the Council members' faces. Live long enough in this world, and you'll begin to spot the things that don't erode. Time wore away entire empires and crumbled civilization to dust--trust me, I'd *built* several of them. But that look, *ohhh* that look. It was one of the few constants I could hold on to. I would always be their little problem child. Really, they'd left me no choice. "We do not affect the world," read their credence. "We mingle not with history." But *how* could they expect me to just sit idly by, when there lay before me such a wondrous sandbox? As far as I saw it, it was our *duty* to be a guiding hand. Because without one, the world was just shitty piles of sand. The Council doors swung wide, and I slung out my prepared defense. "Listen, I understand your concerns, but the assassination will have minimal--" But the great hall stood empty. The stone walls flickered with light from their eternal hearth, yet no robed figures sat behind the judgement table. For a moment, I was bewildered. I frowned at the silence, irritation pricking my belly. "Just because I am immortal, doesn't mean I have all the time in the world," I said. My voice echoed throughout the empty chamber. "Blasted fools." The doors thudded closed behind me. I whirled on my heels. There stood Ila, the Elder. She was holding a gun. "For what it's worth, I abstained," she said. "I'm sorry Franz. Truly." "Ila..." The woman shook her head feebly. She raised her gun even as I frowned. How ironic, that it was the same make and model that I'd given Princip. "It will not kill me," I'd told the pale lad. "That's the whole point." The world was at a tipping point, and I had finally seized the chance to steady it. I would be killed, you see. In the middle of Sarajevo. My constituents would gasp. My blood would pour into the cobbled streets. There would be chaos at first--I always had a flair for the dramatic--but then I would rise from my motorcade, and the fighting would cease. The world would at last see the hand that shapes it. "You've been discharged," Ila said grimly. "May you fade into the horizon like the setting of the sun." She shot. Something feathered stuck out of my thigh. I felt time slip from my heart, like my very breath had been sucked out of my lungs. She left me there, gasping in the great hall. Vulnerable to time like all the rest of the world. All my laid plans had been trampled upon. They would erode into nothing, and me alongside them. I lay for some time, staring at the ceiling in misery. At a certain point, though I laughed. Because I could *still* shape the course of the world. No matter what they took, I still had one thing left to give. I stood up and brushed myself off. Adrenaline coursed through my veins. On the morrow, I will be shot. I will lie in the cobbled streets in my own muck. Princip will stare at my body with wide white eyes and plead. "Come now," he might whisper. "You've made your point." Only I won't rise. I'll have faded beyond the horizon The crowd will tear Princip to bits. Chaos will ring true, sharp as a gunshot. Its sound will spill outward from Austria. I imagine it will be heard round the world. "Franz Ferdinand is dead!" ---------------- More stories over at r/M0zark. *Plus*! I just started a serial about an abused princess who convinces an emotionally scarred dragon to kidnap her. If that sounds like something you'd be interested in, you can find the [first two parts here](https://www.reddit.com/r/M0Zark/comments/8hcjmi/wp_youre_a_dragon_who_enjoys_living_a_peaceful/), with part three soon to follow. Hope to see you around :) 