
Lisa threw her pizza at my face. Who the hell does that? By the time I recovered, she had already taken an aggressive stance with a knife in hand. Customers screamed. I didn't have the chance to defuse the situation. Lisa lunged at me before I could say anything to her. I weaved around her slashes but one of them got me, drawing blood from my cheek. "I am *not* going back!" shouted Lisa. "I didn't even know you were here!" Lisa prepared for another lunge. "That's exactly what you said in Zanzibar." "Because you screwed me in Paris!" Lisa kicked a chair towards me, covering her approach. I took the hit to grab her wrist and kept the knife away from my body. Unfortunately, I forgot that Lisa was a Brazilian Jujitsu prodigy, which allowed her to flip me onto the floor with just her legs. She then went for an arm bar, but I grabbed a pitcher of cola from a table and emptied it on her face to break free. Lisa frowned. I needed to get out of there as fast as possible. If we drew enough attention, my cover would be blown and I'd have to start over in a new place. Some employees were already calling the police. I stumbled to my feet, limping towards the exit. Two large men taller than me blocked my path. Their expression suggested they were taking Lisa's side in this conflict even though they didn't know what was going on. Still, no need to harm them. "Gentlemen... you're in my way." "We know" said the one on the right. The other one punched me in the face when I took a step forward. Why did this always happen? I spun around but stayed on my feet only to see Lisa running at me again. The man that punched me then put me on a full nelson while the other one got between me and Lisa. He was trying to calm her down. I panicked. Lisa would murder this man before letting me get away. I kicked him in his nuts while his back was turned, causing him to fall on his knees. I've never felt so guilty for using a cheap tactic but it probably saved his life. His friend lifted me up and threw me face-first onto a table. I forgot where I was for a moment until I felt the man release his hold. My relief disappeared when I noticed he only did it because Lisa knocked him out. She stabbed the table, missing me by a millimeter. I pushed her away before she could pull out the knife. Lisa scowled. She was disarmed but, in my experience, that only made her more dangerous. I grabbed the knife. Lisa narrowed her eyes. "I knew you'd come to get me one day." "It doesn't have to be this way; I'm retired." Lisa scoffed. "Bullshit." A crowd had gathered outside the pizza parlor. They had their phones out, recording the fight. Not good. Lisa noticed my worry and smiled, saying: "Unless you never did it officially..." I swallowed. "...which means that I can hunt you down and the suits wont protect you." Fuck. Lisa giggled. "I'll see you around." She walked out of the parlor with an eerie serenity in her stride. The stunned crowd moved out of her way. She then blended into a mass of pedestrians until disappearing. I sighed. The agency would find out about this soon enough. I needed to get as much cash as possible, forge a new identity, and leave town before the end of the day. Considering her tone, something told me that Lisa would make sure I failed. She knew all the tricks. God damn it. I just wanted a freaking pizza. ----------- >If you enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories 