
It was clear to Jyggalag, Prince of Order, that he had to forestall any infighting amongst the Daedric Princes. They had descended upon the Dovahkiin in his final moments, each ready to lay claim to the fiercest mortal who had ever served them. But the realms had not seen such a concentration of primal energies since its inception, and Jyggalag was sure that any brawl between them would do nothing less than to set the seas aflame. He had to act fast. "Hear me - I abdicate my claim to the Dovahkiin. There is something wrong here." That was feeble, but it was enough. The other Princes paused, and Azura, Queen of the Night Sky, snapped her fingers. Time, which was firmly within her domain, slowed to a trickle. Reality froze for all but the gathered Daedra. "Speak plain now, brother," said Mehrunes Dagon, whose fists pulsed with dark energies. He was far more given to resolving conflict through force, and he teetered on the edge of control. "If this is some trick, some ploy to get ahead of us, be warned that I will not-" "No, he is speaking the truth," said Vaermina. The Prince of Premonitions frowned, then clucked his tongue. "There is something... not quite right here. I sense a great misfortune will befall us all if we tread carelessly." "Two minutes, my siblings. That is all I ask for. Please, let me explain." None of them moved, which Jyggalag took as consent. He stepped towards the Dovahkiin, then knelt beside the great warrior. He stretched a cautious hand forward, then made contact with the Dragonborn. "My brethren," Jyggalag said. "Do you not see that his form is... corrupted? This is not a form which any mortal should be taking. There is a magic here which we do not understand." "Come now," said Mehrunes. "You're not making any sense-" "Open your eyes! There is no head, no torso, no arms, no legs! We recognize his soul, of course, but what of his physical form! This is not any man we have ever seen!" "Ok, so maybe he's been in one too many fights or something." "You serious now? Look at his... face! It is a circular disc! There is a pipe extending from the top of his head, and steam rises from it! The rest of his body is a rectangle of smelted metal! His appendages are now circular wheels! He toots when he moves from place to place!" "That is... indeed odd," said Hermaeus Mora, Prince of Knowledge. "I've divined the histories. This form will not be invented by man for another thousand millenia. It will be called "Thomas the Tank" one day." Jyggalag ignored Hermaeus, as did the rest. No one liked a know-it-all. "Ok, so maybe he looks a bit different," said Mehrunes. "But surely his soul is what's important. As long as that is intact, I'm sure that we can-" "But is it?" asked Jyggalag. "Let us be honest with ourselves now. We have been away for too long. Decades we spent squirreled away while the Dovahkiin had his run of the land. Look! Look around you!" They did. There were no more birds flying in the sky - instead, they were replaced with flattened cats, with rainbows streaming out from under their tails. There were no more plants rooted in the ground - instead, the fields were swathed in bands of gold, as giant discs of cheese sprouted from the ground. Even the wolves which roamed the forests were no longer bound in their usual configurations of fur and claws - every single last one of them had been transformed into blue hedgehogs with red shoes, skipping amongst the foliage. Everything was the same, and yet nothing was. A sudden movement caught Jyggalag's eye, and he braced for the attack. His first thought was that one of his brothers had finally lost their cool, but it was not so. A female mortal, clad in the darkest of armor, swung her sword as she descended on the gathered Daedra. Azura gasped - none should have been able to escape the confines of her magic. Mehrunes, already geared for battle, summoned a mountain out of thin air, and brought it crashing down upon the intruder. That was more than enough to crush an elder dragon, and Jyggalag's eyes bulged as the rock rose shakily into the air. It seemed that the woman, beyond all possibility, was somehow lifting the mountain on her own. Her arms outstretched above the heavens, her eyes blazing with fury, she growled at them. Jyggalag knew in that moment that she simply could not be killed, no matter what they deigned to do. "He is my thane," she said. "I am sworn to carry his burdens." --- /r/rarelyfunny 