
Tears streamed down his face. He deserved what was coming, and he knew it. The judge slammed her gavel. He didn't hear what she said, except for one word: "Life." It bounced around in his head, but he didn't process it. He didn't care. But what could he have done? He'd seen the movies, played the video games. Zombies were a menace, and he knew how to survive them. When he had heard the news at work, just a few weeks earlier, he immediately rushed home. The outbreak began in downtown Chicago, but he lived in Naperville, a suburb just outside the city, with his wife and daughter. He knew if he was quick, he could get his family together before the worst hit... The cop paraded him out the doors of the courtroom and past the small crowd of people. A reporter lunged forward to ask a question. The cop tried to block her out, but she shouted her question over his shoulder. "Why didn't you claim self-defense like everyone else?" Self-defense was a common response for those on trial. It held up in court for many. They had to defend themselves, right? He didn't acknowledge the reporter. He had called his wife in the car, racing through traffic to his daughter's school, to let her know to go home as soon as she could. He worked closer to the school, so he knew it was wise for him to go there. His stomach dropped as he pulled up to the school. He could hear the screaming before he even opened the door to jump out... As he continued to shuffle down the courthouse steps, he noticed a familiar glint in the corner of his eye. His wife's car, parked across the street. He peered through tear-filled eyes into the windshield, and recognized her blonde hair in the driver's seat. He knew she blamed him, and rightfully so. When he entered the school, he was glad he had made it to the last parent-teacher conference. He knew where his daughter's room was, and he raced down the halls to find it. He ripped the door open and the smell hit him like an NFL linebacker. He froze. He hadn't noticed the eerie quietness in this section of the school until opening the door. He saw blood. Painting the room like some sick canvas. He gulped down his fear and disgust, knowing he had to find his daughter. When he turned the corner into the room, noticing what was at the back, he suddenly couldn't breath. There was a pile. Little limbs. The bodies of his daughter's classmates. He didn't want to look, but he had to know. As he stepped forward, he heard a whimper from behind him. He whipped around, and noticed a leg sticking out from behind the teacher's desk. It was an adult's. He crept around to get a better look.. and immediately wished he hadn't... He looked longingly into the car. Wishing he could take it back. Hoping that his wife could find some way to forgive him, although he would never forgive himself. He heard the engine start. He'll never forget what he saw on the other side of the desk. It will be forever burned into his memory. The poor teacher, eyes wide looking at him, reaching for him, hand twitching. At her neck, was a bloody wound. She was going to die. But then, he realized what had done that to her. His daugher. But simultaneously not his daughter. Looking at him through yellow eyes, but not truly seeing him. He choked back tears as he shouted her name. She didn't hear him. She looked hungry. She started to get up, never taking her eyes off of him. Panicking, he grabbed a textbook off of the desk as he began backpedaling. The rest of it was a blur. Her sprinting, him swinging. The next thing that he remembers is looking at his daughter lying at his feet, head smashed in. He picked her up to carry her out. He's not sure how he made it to his car. He could hardly see through the tears in his eyes trying to make his way... The engine revved louder. Confused, he looked back at his wife. Then, he noticed the look in her eyes. It wasn't sorrow. It was fury. Her car jumped the curb, and turned, heading straight for him. Luckily, the cop was paying attention and jumped out of the way. Lying on the ground, he couldn't feel anything. Looking up into the sky, it was a gorgeous day. Sun out, blue sky. The last thing he heard before slipping away, was a gunshot. 