
Rays of rainbow light filtered through the stained glass windows of the High Court and heated the cast-iron chains binding my wrists. High Marshal Fevro stood before me, knees unstable and swaying. 'God's judgement will burn down upon you.' A jury of children sat in church-like pews to my right. A few nodded in agreement. Others avoided his eye. 'You have poisoned this city and its future,' High Marshal Fevro said and hobbled over to the jury. 'He has poisoned each of you.' A knobbly finger wavered in the face of each child. Again, a similar portion of the jury nodded in agreement. The uncertain others looked back with blank expressions, betrayed only by their inherent need to swallow. High Marshal Fevro swept back to face me, the tail of his robes fanned like a wizard's cloak. Speaking over my head, he grandstanded the public. 'I speak to all of you.' Hundreds of small hands came together in a thunder of applause made loud by their numbers, not by the power of the individuals. 'Justice will be served today.' Fevro's voice was barely audible over the applause. 'That is a promise.' The heat from my restraints seemed to spread. Sweat bloomed on my back, the nape of my neck, and arse crack. A council of sat on a high table at the head of the court behind High Marshal Fevro. Each member dressed in a different coloured robe. They were *old*, white-haired and frail like Fevro. Marshal Bethal hammered her gavel. Cracks echoed out in waves, each one piercing deeper into the crowd. By the fourth, the room was silent. High Marshal Fevro lowered his arms and shot me a yellow-smile. 'You are charged with poisoning the population of this once great city, afflicting each member with eternal youth. And for what? A *selfish* desire for vendors and tradesmen to deal with you?' The word *selfish* rattled through the room louder than any other. Fevro paused, allowing his words to ferment. 'The afflicted will bear no more children. They will not be able to defend their beloved city. They will not grow old and earn the respect they deserve.' Another applause broke out. Marshal Bethal allowed it to grow. *Crack, crack*. 'Your punishment -- should you be found guilty. Imprisonment so long as one of the afflicted lives.' *A few thousand eternal inhabitants -- how long could they avoid pestilence and disease?* I wondered. High Marshal Fevro's face narrowed. 'How do you plead?' I stepped forward. The rainbow of light illuminated my face, filling me with great warmth. 'How do you plead?' 'I-I beg your pardon?' 'No member of the high court was afflicted by eternal youth,' I said. 'Watch your tongue.' 'I mixed my eternal youth elixir into the crops. Which, in turn, was used to feed the livestock and populace.' 'Speak no more, or your punishment will be far worse.' The wobble in High Marshal Fevro's legs could now be seen from the back of the court. 'My question to the good people is, why was the High Court not afflicted? A grumble worked its way through the crowd like tornado collecting debris. I turned to the people and said. 'I plead guilty to poisoning all of you, and also to highlighting something far worse. The Marshal's have developed a taste for something that only humans can satisfy.' *Crack, crack*. Marshal Bethal stood upright. Her lips now seemed richer -- redder. 'This is preposterous!' --- /r/WrittenThought --- I had a lot of fun creating this one! Usually, I find myself writing stories about worlds already founded -- this one felt more like my own. Any feedback or criticism is delightfully welcome! 