
It was the silence that made me realize something was wrong. One month into the siege of the human city on the planet they called Sacrifice, and not a peep from them since the initial attack. Not a single cry of help from the hopelessly outgunned settlement, set for "forceful relocation" once our ground troops got here. ... It was nothing personal, really. An international snafu among the council species was threatening to expand into full blown war, and this planet was a prime spot to set up a forward base, should any sort of aggressive action be necessary. And it might not, we had a small cultural attachment who first attempted to convince the humans to leave. Jolkn, our millitary anthropologist, immediately took to the humans, spending extra shore leave during the diplomatic phase of our takeover in their village. He was fond of some sort of mind affecting drug the humans favored called "Absinthe". It was with the scent of Absinthe on the air that he outlined what he learned in a week or two of interaction with the locals. "They're quite friendly, honestly. A social species, small local government involving representation. Imagine a Sigmar with a sense of humor." His face radiated warmth as he recounted. "Most races I've studied are welcoming on first contact, but even after I told them we were here to oust them from their settlement, they changed the subject and continued to graciously host me. That made learning about them all the easier. They boasted about their past, how they got here through centuries of conflict and hardship. And their history does seem especially bloody." "Did you know?" He asked me excitedly, "the first humans hunted not with venom or great strength, but by sheer efficiency. They tracked their prey for upwards of an entire solar cycle, never letting it sleep or rest. Once its reserves of energy ran dry, the actual kill was simple. This allowed them to take down creatures that would normally wipe them out in a fair fight." I mulled this over for a bit. "I assume then that they're fond of and practiced in siege warfare? That makes things more difficult, we're going to have to cut off their supply lines completely if they refuse to leave." "Yes, that is going to be a concern... Their records of warfare are deep, but I'm familiar with their recent tactics thank to a tap of their main computer systems. They've set up a dead man's switch, so even if we jam communications, sizable reinforcements will be arriving within a couple months. I think instead we should focus on targeted strikes of their food storage and call for ground troops immediately. Hopefully a show of force will convince them to leave without putting up much of a fight." "Draw the plans." I ordered. It was war, then. An uncommon outcome, but mostly I pitied the humans. Without the protection of being a member species of the council, they didn't have much of a chance. ... A month had passed, and I was starting to grow impatient. We didn't have enough ground troops to forcibly oust the remaining population, and reinforcements had been delayed multiple times already.  And then, a personal call from high command and logistics. "I hope this is about our missing ground troops. They should have arrived weeks ago, what's taking so long?" "Unfortunately no, commander. You are to withdraw all forces and depart for headquarters. You and your crew are being court martialed." I paused to regain my composure. A court martial? Over a routine diplo-millitaristic occupation? I racked my memories, but couldn't think of any missteps in our procedure over this operation. "...What, sir? A court martial? Why would--" "--Whatever you did on Sacrifice may have cost us our position in the council. Multiple trade agreements have been dissolved in the last 3 weeks. Every single human merchant has pulled out of our colonies, a mass exodus. They left behind terrible rumors and targeted blows to the economy. Other council races are asking about war crimes we committed years ago, political maneuverings, even the hedgemon's affair was brought to light. There's an investigation into our millitary, multiple accusations of shirking council dues and duties... If more than one of these stick, that's it for our council membership." I sat down, stunned. All that, from a siege of a *single city* on the rim of human space? ...What had I done? "Oh, and we decrypted the first communications burst after the attack. It had a payload adressed to one of your crew, Jolkn; replicator recipies for some sort of drug named Absinthe, and a short message. Would you like to relay the message?" "Um... Sure." I didn't really feel like it in the face of everything that happened, but it might be time to learn why he was so fond of this drug... "Message proceeds thus: '*Pay attention in the following weeks, my friend, and you will see how humanity persistence hunts a culture.*'" 