
"Tell me what you know!" the oddly-shaped form asked, a glowing object in his hand. I wished I had the time to question his origin and reasoning behind my capture, but the threat of possible injury from the weapon he held was too big to ignore. "I don't know what you are talking about! I'm not even Mayan!" I defended myself, as my captor smirked. "Well then, what is this?!" his sentence crescendoed into a shout as he pointed at an online page. Screenshotted 2 days ago. I recalled that day: A brilliant party, some drinks, some banter. But no harm intended, especially since we knew Wikipedia's moderators would change it back instantly. It was a joke! Why were they capturing me at all? "How did you find out? How long have you spied on us for?" another emerged from the shadows, and a firearm was stationed on my forehead. What was true? Were they seriously taking my silly edit as a real one? No way! And even if they did...why would they care? Humans were separated from the Mayan Race and Atlantis wasn't even real- "Atlantis is very real. We are a testament to that," my first interrogator said, an air of superiority and pride instantly detactable. So...they were from Atlantis? And Atlantis was real? Impossible! I struggled as I tried to free myself. "Atlantis doesn't exist! Don't try using that as an excuse to kidnap people!" I yelled, as they laughed. "Well, looks like you need some visual cues," one said, as huge opaque door in front of me was opened. Water...I could see liquid everywhere. Flowing around us, almost in sync were millions of aquatic wildlife species. My eyes widened, as I stared at the beautiful ocean before me. "The Mayans seeked refuge over a thousand years ago, under one condition: Complete secrecy. I've mo idea how you found out, but secrecy is impossible now," the voice of a wise man spoke, almost solemnly. From the shadows, I saw millions of people, looking at me. My joke was a grave error. I'd somehow leaked a secret greater than anything in the human race! But there was still one way left for my life to be preserved. "This was all a joke! Believe me! I randomnly wrote it online! Let me go and I'll never speak of this again!" I tried to persuade my captors. The leader raised his eyebrows, smiling. "Fine. We believe in second chances and warnings. But we'll be watching you. Carefully." With a stress on the last word, the world turned to pitch-black darkness. When I awoke, magically back in my house, I swore never to edit Wikipedia pages again. Somewhere in the depths of the ocean, the Wikipedia moderators were congratulating themselves on another act well done. Another internet troll silenced forever. 