
"Sure, whatever you say." - Ka'rin walked away angrily because Ko'rok had wasted her time yet again. It was well-known that Ko'rok is the biggest liar on the Kamiltrine ship. Ka'rin knew this of course, but the nature of her work, as the head of Earthlings' Behavior division, required her to stay informative about the development of the human race so she had to put up with all of Ko'rok's shenanigans. Ko'rok, on the other hand, was a lowly observer whose job was to spent an entire day walking up and down the east hallway to watch for any changes on Earth. How he got this job even tho he could never report anything accurately was beyond Ka'rin. But they were simply too far from home to have him replaced with someone else, so she could do nothing but grudgingly put up with him. *** *A few moments earlier* "I swear I'm telling the truth. They put themselves in pressurized metal boxes and launch themselves out of their planet with liquid fuel canisters. Humans are insane" "Sure, whatever you say" Ko'rok observed as Ka'rin walked away angrily. He had never gotten tired of seeing her. The first time he saw her was 23 millennia ago on Telepathy channel 4S3, when she was still an unaccomplished scientist. He fell in love with her since then. When he found out that she was leading the Kamiltrine ship on a 5 millennia long voyage, he knew he had to get on there somehow. Before boarding the Kamiltrine ship, Ko'rok was a professional private bodyguard for some of the utmost respected VIPs in his world. He had many connections, and one of those landed him with the observer job on the ship. Although he made considerably less compared to his previous job, he knew very well that all the money in the world could not match a single gaze from Ka'rin. He didn't happen to be assigned on the east hallway on accident either. From his professional stand point, east hallway provided a clear view of the Earth and its moon. If the human decided to venture out to space, they would aim for the moon first and he would be the first one to see it. He knew that Ka'rin only thought of him as a incompetent liar who could not do his job, but he didn't mind. He made sure that nobody on the ship believed him. He lied to everyone so that they could never rely on his reports thus slowing down the study on human race, giving him more time to share the same ship with her. However, he had never lied to Ka'rin. What he said earlier was the truth. The human race did flew to the moon in their metal pods. He knew if anyone saw that, they would requested to halt the voyage in fear of a security breach. So he had to go and report it to her before anyone else, knowing that she would never believe him. He knew that he was being selfish. He knew he was holding her back. But unlike her, he was no scientist striving for the better of their race. He was just an incompetent fool in everybody's eyes. He knew he was naught but a *hopeless romance*. 