
**Its my first day** &nbsp; God understands sarcasm and it infuriates him. So, why in His name did he create the British? Well, I actually know the answer to that. I asked him myself. He muttered something about necessary evils and punishing the French. I asked him because he decided to ascend me without warning, in my pyjamas. You have not felt judged until the Court of Heaven has stared down their noses at you in your Lego Movie jim jams. I wish I had fixed those holes. So, back to the action. It appears that praying does work. Every single word you have ever uttered in real or mock reverence flitters to His ear. I probably shouldn't have loaded every single word I whispered to the Almighty with a large serve of sarcasm. My parents hadn't noticed, when they demanded those prayers every night, but God sure as heck did. But here I am, going for gold in the cowering stakes. I am representing England in the puny mortal Olympics, with the able assistance of that menacing winged fellow with the flaming sword, glowering at God's side. 'What the h....' I think as I mentally prepare to speak. DO NOT BLASPHEME! The sword carrying glower-er-in-chief roars. Great, I think, they can read minds. The sword carrier nods Oh sh...oh dear. My internal voice can't help itself. It must comment on everything in a now self-damning stream of consciousness. 'So...they all just stand here...waiting for little old me?' I snort as my mind betrays me. 'Standing still for an eternity with a giant flaming sword must be a fantastic job!' And now the geezer with the flaming sword is not looking happy. I look around, taking in the interior of this surprisingly small hall. 'Wow, those wings are so totally useful in this hall....I wonder if they need a run up to use them?!' More of the angels start to glare at me. I continue looking around. 'I guess all interior decorators go straight to hell...' ENOUGH, this time God takes the lead. I HAVE HEARD YOUR MOCKING PRAYERS. He continues. Oh dear, I think he's pissed. The angels are looking scared, except the one with the toaster sword. YOU THINK YOU CAN DO BETTER MORTAL? I'm done, the glower-ry faced winged man is now looking scared. I perhaps should not have thanked God so profusely in my prayers, with that dripping sarcasm, for all that genocide. YOU WILL HAVE ONE DAY! TAKE MY THRONE MORTAL AND TRY TO GOVERN MY DOMAIN. And so I did. And I have done rather well if I might say so myself. So you are very welcome Mr Mortal Reader... provided you are from this universe. Sorry, I should add an apology to those readers who are not part of this timeline. I hear they now call my own reality the True Eden. So, how did I manage it? Well, it helps when you can stop the sun. Well not literally, I paused everything. Apparently, that is much easier. Then with that eternal day I had all the time in the world. Then I crowd sourced, summoning the best and brightest from throughout the universe. From Glark 7 to Harvard, the greatest minds appeared before me. Then I delegated. Hardships were mostly removed. No disease, no famine, no nothing. A few little travails were kept in place to keep lift interesting, but all living beings were given a damn sight better opportunity under Me. The Angels were a little surprised when I initiated chats about career planning and growth opportunities. That was a first and they sure did warm to it. After some upskilling and training, I gave the winged masses their own authority to improve things. Boy, they had some brilliant ideas. Glower-ry bloke had a special perchance for interior design, who knew? I also brought in the consultants, those old devils! As in, the literal old devils. Who else would be best placed to know about managing evil? Generous bonuses and a steady supply of sadomasochistic souls has kept those horned fellows so very happy and on side. Turns out Lucy was up for a bit of a break! I sit back in my leather chair, happily enjoying the stellar view from the new Court of Heaven. ALL IS WELL I say to myself with a contented smile. 