
"Holy shit" I uttered aloud, nearly choking on my toast. My roommate Eustace hollered at me from the living room, "dude, what up?" I brought the letter in with me and sat down on the couch opposite of Eustace, making sure to avoid the busted spring in the middle of the right cushion. "The UN actually wrote me back dude, and...it seems like uhh..." I kept trying to decipher the jargon to be sure that I wasn't reading it in the same way that I read my college textbooks. "It seems like it worked?" Eustace paused his game and turned towards me, clearly shaking off the morning daze he was still in. "Wait, what? They actually said we can be a country?" he asked. "Well a micro-nation but yeah, it seems like it..." I half-muttered while I scanned the letter further. I hadn't expected to even get confirmation that my letter had been received by the UN, much less it being reviewed and voted upon. Our now internationally recognized, sovereign micro-nation was a forty-five square foot plot of land located in an uncleared field by the woods behind my parent's house. My grandfather had originally owned the land and decided to will it to me after a twenty minute conversation we had back when I was fourteen about how he had planned to build a bunker under it to protect himself from government brain control waves. He had never gotten around to it and eventually grew too old. I was too young to pretend that I was interested in government brain control waves and instead just told him that I thought bunkers were pretty cool. He had apparently caught some heavy flak from everyone else in the family over this bunker idea, so to hear someone actually voice a level of support must have been a pleasant enough surprise to warrant him granting it to me in his will. Cut to eight years later where I'm talking to my roommate Eustace about ridiculous state laws that nobody knows about anymore. Eustace is salty about one from Alaska that forbids citizens from entering a bar while already drunk. He had been up there working in a fish cannery over the summer and decided to pregame before walking to the bar down the street. He was reportedly "not very drunk at all" but got stopped by an officer anyways, an encounter he described as "mega bullshit". I had read online sometime earlier about micro-nations and thought they were just the funniest thing, a topic ripe for a joke about how I would allow Eustace to pregame as hard as he wanted if I was the ruler of a micro-nation. After an ok chuckle, Eustace pulled an inquisitive look across his face. "Dude, didn't you say you own like some patch of dirt out behind your folks' place?" I hadn't thought about it much since my grandpa passed a few months prior, the land was about as hype as it sounds. "Oh shit yeah, I kind of forgot about that." I jumped on his train of thought immediately and could barely keep myself from laughing as I asked him how funny it would be if we sent a letter to the UN declaring my plot of land as a sovereign nation. As it turns out, it would be just funny enough for him and I to do exactly that. We described ourselves as "The Constitutional Monarchy of Crungary", named after my dog Crungar. Our government was structured so that I would be the supreme ruler over the nation with free reign to do as I pleased, so long as it was in accordance with our nation's constitution, which only had one article in it that read "just don't be a dick". Our military consisted of Eustace armed with a pellet gun he borrowed from his brother Prentice. Our flag's design was furiously debated over for a good hour before I eventually had to employ my monarchical power and make it the image of my dog Crungar chasing his tail. Eustace later sued the state for what he claimed was unconstitutional behavior from the ruling establishment but the presiding judge at the time, me, ruled in opposition, issuing the official statement "fuck you Eustace, it's a good flag". The downfall of our great nation came when a couple of teenagers found it while traipsing through the woods. Eustace and I were out of the country at the time on international vacation to the United States, visiting our apartment. The foreign invading force decided to break the stick I had tied our t-shirt flag to and kick over my lawn chair throne. When Eustace and I returned home, we both decided we didn't really want to find a new stick for the flag so I dissolved the Constitutional Monarchy of Crungary and we both immigrated back into the United States. 