
"Oi, Bob," Dave said, sticking his head around my cubicle. "You want in on this?" I pulled my headphones down with a sigh and looked up from my code. "In on what?" "Corporate is letting us use the company box at the racecourse." He grinned like a child at Christmas. "I've already got my accumulator in. Black Blue in the first, By Choice in the second and Wet Dream in the third." "Three wins in one go. Nobody's that lucky," I scoffed. Dave looked at me suspiciously for a moment, before his confidence returned. "You'll see. I'm going to clean up." "You really won't," I muttered, and turned back to my work, expecting that to be the last of it. For a few hours, it was. And then, just as I was headed out for lunch, a couple of interns jumped me. Before I knew what was happening, I had a sack over my head and I was being shoved into a van. I tried to say something, anything, and just got a mouthful of weirdly turnip tasting cloth. Tires screeched. The engine roared. I was thrown this way and that. It was enough to make you feel sympathy for laundry in a washing machine. Fortunately, I was clearly on quick-spin, because it was only moments before I was being thrown back out again. Someone tied me to a chair. The sack came off. "You!" I said. "How did you do it?" Dave asked. He'd clearly been having a bad day. His suit was ruffled, his tie missing, his little remaining hair wild and his fat cheeks red. It fit surprisingly well with the abandoned warehouse thing we had going on around us. "Get kidnapped?!" I said hotly. "I think that's obvious, Dave." "The races," Dave hissed. "How did you make me lose?" "I didn't make you lose," I complained. "I'm not sure you understand probability--" "No, you don't understand." Dave got right in my face, grabbing my head when I tried to turn away from his spittle and foul breath. "We rigged the races, Bob. We rigged the bets. Three wins in one go, no luck involved." I stared at him. "You what? Dave, you're an accountant. How do you know anything about fixing horse races?" "Three wins! And I should have cleaned up. Except!" Dave let go of my head to poke me in the shoulder so hard the chair span. When I came back into view, he promptly did it again, sending me spinning the other way. Much more of this and I was going to vomit on his stupid pointy-toed leather shoes. "Except, Bob, every one of those wins was declared a misrun. How could that happen?" "Doping is really quite prevalent in--" I tried to say. "It was you!" Dave yelled. "You did it somehow! You said I wouldn't win, and I didn't! Well, the joke's on you, Bob." I tried not to wet my pants as he pulled the largest, most lethal looking gun I have ever seen and squared it right between my eyes. "Dave. Dave! C'mon! Someone will have seen. The police will be here any second." Almost as if I had summoned them, sirens sounded and colored lights flashed outside the high windows. Dave spun on the spot, panting wildly and grabbing at his hair. "Just let me go, and I'll talk to them, get you a light sentence." "I'm not going to the big house!" He cocked the gun. "Say goodbye, Bob!" "You don't have a license," I said desperately. "Where did you even get that gun? I bet it's not even real." He pulled the trigger. Water sprayed my face and also my trousers, or at least that was what I intended to tell anyone who asked. While Dave was still gaping at the gun in his hand as if he had never seen it before, I planted my feet, lifted the chair with a grunt of effort, and charged him. We went down with an almighty crash, just as the police burst into the warehouse. "Ow," I managed. A policeman untied me and helped me up while his companions were arresting Dave. "Are you okay, sir?" "I'm fine," I said automatically and found that, actually, I was. The lingering pain from the crash had faded. Landing on Dave must have cushioned the blow. "I just want to go home. You don't need me for a statement. Right?" The policeman looked confused for a moment, then shrugged a little. "No, I don't think so, sir. Can we take you somewhere?" I thought about my nosy neighbors seeing a police car delivering me to my house. I would never hear the end of it. "I'll get a cab. I have plenty of money." Luckily, there was a taxi waiting just down the street. I gave the driver my address and leaned back with a sigh. After a moment, I pulled out my wallet to check. It was filled with hundreds. More than enough to get me home. "Huh," I said. It felt like I was missing something. But, truth be told, I couldn't quite put my finger on what. 