
"Me boy," the tiny man shook his cane angrily, "this was a cursed wish. Ye nae s'pose to be..." He was overcome and simply threw his hands in the air and stomped around the dressing room instead. He turned to glare at the man again, "Ya think ya got the better of King Brian, did ya?" His blew air sharply out his nose and shook his head violently. The man only shrugged, and slipped down the hood of his hoodie. It was a threadbare piece of clothing, but he was comfortable in it. He stood to tower over the leprechaun king, and smirked. The King leaped around in a rage. "Look at you jumpin around old school like Scott Bakula, y'all pasty in the face like Bram Stoker's Dracula. My rhymes are hot, my words spectaculah, guess ol King Brian didn't take my vernaculah." He winked. "Oooooh," Brian boiled at the man's impudence. He jabbed a finger at the man. "No respect! A curse from King Brian Connors used ta make a fool of any man. You think you've outsmarted me, do ya Darby?" There was a muffled knock on the door as someone called out to the rapper, but the King waved his hand and it went silent. "I'll bet you think you're livin' pretty well now, eh lad?" Darby motioned to the lush luxurious room that surrounded them. "No more drinkin on the park lawn, now I get my think on, now I drive a Mercury Lincoln." His head bobbed unconsciously. "Dont gotta work for all this fame, you cheated the name, but I stole the game, now ya lookin' at your rainbow, I ain't the same joe, I'm the kid who brought down the King low." "Well," King Brian sneered, "it looks like you've got all the singing in the world, don't'cha? But tell me Darby O'Gill, do you have ev'rything you want?" His eyes gleamed in the buzzing fluorescent light. Darby paused. He didn't truly enjoy rhyming all the time, but it had made him the most successful rapper in the world. People ate up the gimmick of never not rapping, but it would be nice to have a night off from it. He knew better to trust the devious little man though. "I know what youre up to, makin it screwy - you aint Briain here, you King Louis. You best beware, this aint your lair, this is the world of Darby debonair, and you just met your own goddamn Robespierre." He turned away from him and checked how long he had until he had be out on stage. "Daaaarby," came a whisper next to his ear. "Why don't we play a little game?" came a whisper at his other ear. "Winner take all?" King Brian poked his head out from behind the mirror in front of him. "A simple game. One you're sure to win, me boy. A singing game?" He laughed uproariously. "You've practiced for it enough." "Listen little man, I'm done with this, so you can go take the piss, put down your fists, what you say is never true, and you're short, so don't stay, and f-" "Darby, Darby, Darby, that's no way to be treating ol' King Brian," the leprechaun purred as he nimbly jumped up his arm, "jokin' about me size is really too much. We're all friends here. Old friends. Besides, if you win the game, you'll never have to see me again. And you'll have everything your heart desires." "Stop your taunts, you got nothin' I want. I'm a self made millionaire, me and N Fillion go on tears spendin the night with Brazilian pairs. So see ya later, alligator, I'm done with ya hater, you reptilian nightmare." King Brian danced on his forearm, "A single round, nothing more, and you could have everything, lad. I'll give you three more wishes." He spun around and grinned madly, but Darby didn't feel the tiny spinning king on his arm. "No man has ever turned down such a generous offer from King Brian in five thousands years." "One round, no clowns?" he asked. "Aye lad, a simple game of song." Darby mulled it over silently. He'd been rhyming for half a decade now, every day. Surely he could beat Brian in a song battle. He'd beat just about everyone else in the world. "Alright King B, let's see if you'll get two lessons for free." Brian stretched out his hand, and Darby reached over with a finger to shake on it. He thought back to his confidence from that night under the mountain of Nocknasheega. He'd wished to become a famous rapper, but he didn't know the cost. No, this time he would win. "The rules are simple, Darby. We each sing a song before the crowd waiting out there for ya. Whoever sings the better song, wins." He smiled voraciously. Darby nervously nodded his head. They were waiting for him, not some tiny green clad man. "I seal the deal, let's see who can bring the zeal." **To be continued shortly.... It's hard to write so much rhyming.** 