
"... So with that conjecture, and premised on the laws of matter and energy conservation, I realised that there is a natural fallacy _if_ I were to take the chicken back _and_ still die." I paused for dramatic effect, and waited for the Grim Reaper to process it all. "So... What did you do to the chicken?" He finally said, his eyes narrowed as he spat out the words in contempt. "I ate it." I gave the biggest shit-eating grin I've ever given in my life. Ah well maybe I shouldn't speak so soon, seeing as I've got a long ways to go now. In life I meant. The Grim Reaper stood and stretched out his back. It had been a long conversation, well more like lecture from me. I was amazed that I could even finish the whole explanation with less effort than conversation usually takes me. He (It?) lifted his (its? I really don't know) head and scanned the ward. Time was still frozen for everyone else though our exchange must have been at least two hours long. Guess that's what happens when someone dies? Time freezes for everything and everyone else. I don't know how it works but all those "my whole life flashed before my eyes in those three seconds" suddenly made sense with this time stop. The Reaper stood still like that for a long while then suddenly smiled. I felt a chill down my back and a tingling sensation below my knees. I haven't had that kind of phantom sensation since I lost both of my legs twelve years ago. Something isn't right. I could... feel it. "Well Thomas. You got me." The Reaper said. "You escaped me, escaped death." He smiled again. Something is definitely wrong. A panic flashed through my body. The urge to pee suddenly became overwhelming. "I think the common expression would be that you... _cheated_ death no?" He picked up his briefcase, pushed the folder - my life records apparently - back into it, snapped the clasps shut and moved to leave. He paused at the threshold. The hospital ward started shimmering and I could see that people started to wake from the stillness. I heard a low droning beep, realised it came from the machine next to me, tracking my heartrate. A low, deep hiss croaked out of the respirator next to that and the sensation of not being able to breathe suddenly returned. Tears welled up. The Reaper turned his head and flashed one last smile. His pure white teeth shone as his lips stretched back tightly, like they were going to fold over his whole skull. "Enjoy the rest of your ever-lasting life Thomas. I'd say 'See you around' but you and I both know that's not going to happen." With that he vanished and the world came back alive again. I laid in my bed, the tubes and wires sticking into me made themselves known as my skin and nerves became sensitive again. The respirator hissed. The machine beeped. Someone coughed. I sighed softly. The Reaper. That bastard. He knew I was never going to get out of this bed in this condition. These sheets, this hospital, this sterile air... That's my life now. And that's all the life I have. I cheated Death alright. And now I'll have eternity to regret it. r/itsamadworld 