
"Herb? W-what is this?" I stammered. "Master Will, I don't believe it is well-mannered to snoop through one's phone," Herb replied casually while waving a disapproving finger at me. "Especially when that *one* is relieving himself in the restroom," he added. "Herb, this is..." I started counting the digits, "Oh my god! You're a billionaire, Herb!" "Hm. Yes. It appears so." I turned my attention away from his phone and looked at Herb, who still wore his same old butler outfit for all these years despite how worn and drab it had gotten. As always he was immaculately clean-shaven and impeccably groomed. "Herb? Explain yourself right now," I demanded, then added, "before I lose my shit, because this-" "Master Will? Remember what I told you about patience?" I rolled my eyes. "Now is not a good time Herb. This is outrageous, preposterous even. I've been living like a hobo for the past twenty years! This... this is almost as bad as that time when father decided to drop me off on an unmapped island. You remember don't you? You were there with me and-" Herb folded his arms. I sighed. "Good things come to those who wait," I recited. "Good," Herb said. "Now Will, go ahead and ask away." "Since when?" I asked promptly. "Since your father told me he had cancer, I'm afraid." I started doing mental gymnastics in my head. "So that's... before my father passed away... twenty-one years ago then." My butler nodded. "Hold on. Didn't father donate all his money to charity or something?" I asked. "Yes he did, and it was to cancer research Will. But before your father passed away twenty years ago, he entrusted me with the family fortune." "Unbelievable. So my old man not only left his *only* son with absolutely nothing but gave *you* a billion dollars," I begin laughing hysterically. People turned heads, looks of disdain converging in my direction. "Master Will? That is not-" "I don't understand," I interrupted Herb, "How could a father do such a thing to his own child? Leaving me to suffer like this. It's so cruel. And you Herb!" I point at him indignantly. "All this time you've been a billionaire... Twenty years we've lived like peasants!" "Master Will. Do you remember that time Calvin passed you the ball and gave you a nosebleed?" I frowned but nodded. Of course I remembered that snobbish prick. He was always better than me in every sport. "You wanted him assassinated the very next day." I laughed. "And that time you got rejected by a girl in fifth grade? You wanted her shipped to Australia and fed to platypuses." I flushed. "T-that was hormones Herb!" I shouted embarrassed. "You're different now Will. Just yesterday you were bumped into and *apologized.* Last week a drunk girl slapped you as she rejected you but you shrugged it off." "Herb? What the hell are you trying to say?" I asked wearily. "Well Master Will, it should be obvious. You're decent now. I don't think you need a billion dollars to live now." I sighed violently, exasperated by Herb's lecture. "Okay, one last thing Herb." "Yes, master Will?" "Why the hell are you still serving me? With this vast sum of money - why you could have been lounging on a beach halfway across the world!" I exclaimed with my hands in the air. I watched Herb nervously as I awaited his answer. He could leave right now if he wanted to. *Hell,* he could have left me on my own after father passed away but instead he had chosen to stay by my side for all this time. Twenty years he had suffered with me, without ever using the money father had left him. Herb put his cup of coffee down gently and smiled at me. His face was older now and more wrinkled with the passage of time and yet, when he smiled, it was the same. The same smile that I had grown up seeing. "Why master Will, did you really think the family fortune was the money?" I frowned, confused. "It was always you Will. Your father entrusted me with you before he died to cancer. He knew he couldn't be there for you Will, he would be here if he could but it was a fight that he couldn't win. This money... I always planned to tell you about it, to use it if we ever needed it but alas, we never did. So Will, here is your father's last will to you." Herb handed me an envelope. Inside it was a note that read, '*Do what you will with this money Will. Love your, Father.*' I looked up from the note and found the world blurred and hazy. I was confused and distraught. Herb gave me a moment before he asked, "Master Will? What will you do with this money?" ---- ---- /r/em_pathy 