
As I sat on the curb, I looked around and then pinched myself on the leg, just to make sure I was still lucid. It was surreal, like a dream. Not a soul in sight. Ambient noises were barely present, no roaring of traffic on the nearby thoroughfares nor the sound of laughter or conversation. It reminded me of one of those cities created specifically for nuclear detonation. Model people, model houses, all fake. An intricate dollhouse. It felt like that. For the last year, I have lived out of the homes of others, working odd jobs to make ends meet. I think of myself like a nomad. When the government call came, I had nowhere to go. No one to turn to. I decided that in such a desperate time for the country as a whole, I couldn't rely on the kindness of complete strangers. I had a car, and most nights that I didn't find shelter I slept in there. Wasn't too uncomfortable. That's where I've been for two days. Now, my curiosity is too much to bear. The people went inside their houses, and haven't come back out since. The skies overhead are clear. The sun is shining, though it's quite chilly. There is a brisk breeze, and I feel it. I'm lucky a jacket is among my relatively few possessions. I get up of the curb, and dust myself off. There is a house nearby, and I have nothing to do but to satisfy my curiosity. In I go. I rap on the door several times. There is no answer, and the knocks echo through the empty streets like gunshots. I take a deep breath, and I try the door handle. It's locked, as I would have expected from a suburban neighborhood. I walk across the idyllic lawn to a window by the side of the house, and peer in. There is nothing too unusual to note. The TV is running (though I can't see what it's showing), though no one is visible on the beige leather couch I spot inside. The rap on the window this time, and the answer is the same. I'm genuinely curious now, and go to the back of the house. The back door is wide open. I enter inside, and my blood runs cold. Three people, laying flat on their backs, faces expressionless. Dried blood streaks their faces like tears, their sockets void of eyeballs. I shudder, and turn to the TV. I'm oddly enticed. I don't know what they are showing, but it seems to be a propaganda video of some sort. I see those lizards! I see those socialist pigs, eating out of the hands of their slaves! I know it, I feel it, and I want it. I feel compelled, I feel strong. Stronger than I have in years. I am the new generation. I am the new generation. I am the new generation. I am the new generation. There is a knife nearby. It's wholesome, attractive. An instrument of change, an instrument of revolution. I pick it up, ready to support our new leaders. I start by pressing it to my right eye. 