
Normally, you'd get a power from each of your parents. Everyone had two, and it usually related to their professions. I knew a kid once who had oil and water. His dad worked on a rig, while his mother taught swimming classes. Poor guy's parents divorced, eventually. Rarely though, you'd see a combination of the powers. Instead of two separate abilities, a person would get a single one. I was like that. So what happened to me? My mother was a writer, my father an architect. I was *powerful*. When my ability manifested, everyone soon learned not to go against me. With a word, I could push you over from a distance. It was a blessing that my limited vocabulary at that age counterbalanced my limited maturity. My parents pulled me out of school quickly, and stalled my language learning. My mother said that it was the hardest thing she had to do as a parent. Instead, they taught me philosophy and empathy. When they finally believed that I could handle myself, the re-entered me into school, and allowed me to read again. I loved reading, and not only because it expanded my power. In fact, I was annoyed that it expanded my power, and I was careful with choosing my words. As I grew, this restriction only became harder and harder to meet. I could never control when my power activated- every word I spoke held the potential to maim or kill. So, I drew inward. I spoke little, and I would bury my anger for fear that an outburst would hurt someone. Someone who wouldn't fight back. A perfect target for schoolyard bullies, especially those who didn't know what I was capable of. One day, three boys lay on the ground in front of me, bleeding from shallow cuts across their chests and arms. After my rage wore off, I trembled at what I had done. I wasn't punished. My parents and the school both knew that I'd already been punishing myself. From that day forward, I wasn't bullied. Everyone knew my name. The few almost-friends I'd made were gone, dispersed into other cliques. I was alone, but they were safe. I made it through the rest of my schooling without incident, my reputation following me wherever I went. I read voraciously to cover up the loneliness I felt. I stayed away from dictionaries. Only one person outside my family ever truly approached me. Haley. She approached me on the final day of our classes. "So, they say you're like, super dangerous and'll kill anyone who comes close." I didn't say anything, ignoring her. There were others that had been like this, but they gave up after a minute of the cold shoulder. Haley was different. "I don't believe them." This got my attention. My power was real. Was she just stupid? "You should." I could see my words almost convince her, my power tugging at her mind. "No, you're definitely powerful. But you're not murderous, are you?" "So what? I'm a monster." My hands turned momentarily into claws before I whispered "I'm normal" to myself. "Come on, man. Don't be like that, or I'll burn you." She lit a fire at the tip of her finger, clearly teasing. "I can do that too," I said, and whispered "firetips." Flame appeared at all of my fingertips. I'd learned over time experimenting with my power that I could shorten words, like contractions, and still get the same results. "You're overpowered anyways," she said, giggling. She extinguished her flame. With a mutter, I did the same. "Don't you understand now? I'm too dangerous to be close to." She backed up as a green mist appeared around me. I held myself back from cursing, and returned the air around me to normal. "See?" She took my arm, and pulled me along. "Nope." Haley and I grew closer from that day forth, and I eventually gave up trying to get her to leave. I could have forced her, of course, but that would have just been a confirmation that I was a monster, and to tell the truth, I enjoyed her company. Friendship blossomed into love, and we got together. I was careful not to fight with her. So very careful. So careful about that, that I lost her in an entirely unexpected way. One day, we were lounging around in our apartment that we rented together. I was relaxed, comfortable. That was what lead to my downfall. "Ten letters," she said. She was doing a crossword at the small table we'd bought together. "A 'visceral' word that cuts." Normally, that would set off alarm bells. But today, I was comfortable and sleepy. Today, I was careless. "Eviscerate," I said, almost without thinking. As the word left my mouth, my eyes widened, and my mind raced trying to correct the mistake. "Myself," I whispered. Damaging words like these chose the closest target other than myself if I didn't specify. So I specified. My stomach split open, and blood began to seep out. Haley rushed over, tears in her eyes. The edges of my vision began to grow dark, and I whispered to her one final phrase before I lost consciousness. Maybe I could have saved myself, had I been smarter, but this seemed more right. "I love you." ___ If you liked this, please check out /r/OpiWrites! 