
*Could've breezed through that one even without the Sight.* The Sight allowed me, gradually, to absorb mass quantities of information through touch. At first, only a few words, an apostrophe or two, maybe a floating idea, would come flowing out. As I used my ability more and more, the capabilities morphed and increased. I could extract the entire plot of Bronte's hefty *Wuthering Heights* with ease. Worked wonders on my stress level, and I had a clear conscience. It was my ability that allowed me this unique courtesy, not some sort of outside source. Tests became basically non-existent for me. Few people knew about my gift. My sister, a couple close friends who I had known since elementary school. It took them a while to believe me, even with proof. There were times in which I had Seen documents that weren't meant for me, extracted irrelevant or secret information that I had no idea how to interpret. The biggest unknown of all was how I even got these powers. Was it some sort of age-old family gift? Maybe, instead, a curse? A mutation, like in those movies? After finishing what was potentially the easiest test of my entire life (and that was saying something), I bore a confident smile on my face as I strode through the halls of Sutaraito High. My books in my hands, I clutched them close to my bosom. I had a certain degree of protectiveness for them, after all, they were usually my foray into the world of pure and unadulterated information. The school was practically empty at the moment, I was always the first one to finish, never having to ask myself how I did and if I would pass or not. The ends of my uniform flapped gently behind me, and I took a deep breath as I approached the stairwell, preparing myself for the wintry chill ahead. As I descended the dull and chipped linoleum steps, a man in a neatly-pressed gray suit rounded the corner, and the lapel on his collar intended itself into my face. *Shit*, I thought to myself as I tumbled to the floor in slow motion. What came out of my mouth was more like a mixture between a yelp and a curse. The man who had so callously collided with me got to his feet silently, picking up the mess of foldered papers and documents that had fallen when he did. "Uh, sorry." I stammered awkwardly, grabbing ahold of a manila envelope. "Should have looked where I was going." My arm began to tingle, though I wasn't consciously activating the Sight. *Not now, not now, damn it.* As I lifted the folder, my arm began to suffuse with a yellowish gold. Trembling, I dropped the folder and clutched at my wrist, my veins feeling like they were being invaded by boiling water. The man simply looked at me with an expression of curiosity on his face, as word and word streamed into my screaming mind. *The Gifted Ones, secret, soul transplant, inter-dimensional experience. You'll find more out later, but secret to the Gifted is the rift between dimensions. We need them, and they need us.* *This has been a test, Keiko Gashin. If you can read this, then it is confirmed that you are one of the Gifted. I am Bradbury, of the Interpol's Psyops Division, and we've been looking for you for a long time. The rest of this document is blank, but I promise you that I will explain everything as it falls into place. Keiko Gashin, this is the beginning of either a long vacation, or a short journey, depending on how you look at it.* "Uh, help me." I gasped. "What's happen--" The light emanating from my arm blinded me, and the sound out of my lips was barely a whisper. I couldn't, for the first time, willingly turn off the Sight, and it was killing me. As I fell to the floor, looking at the muted steps going down to the door, the man picked up the rest of his documents as the light turned to dark. *Thanks for playing, Keiko Gashin. We look forward to your participation, O Gifted One.* ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/bluelizardK 