
It seemed like every person I knew was part of a greater picture. The Bobs were all electrical engineers. The Susans were oncologists. Alexs were doctors. Ferns were all horticulturists. Everyone had a place, everyone was in a faction. When a couple was pregnant, they thought long and hard about what they wanted their child to be. Interestingly enough, names no longer were gender specific. You'd meet a woman just as likely to be named Ralph (plumber) as Jane (zookeeper). Or a man named Elizabeth (historians) or Scott (police officer). Everyone was defined by their name, which was code for what job they did. Eventually this made trouble, as too many parents were picking "prestigious names" for doctors or lawyers, and not enough were picking "lesser ones" for waiters and electricians. You know, the trades, or service people. Until the government stepped in. Now each parent had a choice, they could pick a name based on what was needed at the time. Some claimed the system wasn't fair, that the people with more money could grease some palms to get better names for their kids, but the system worked. Even more so when they made all jobs more equal. It turns out, we need garbage workers as much as we need doctors, and suddenly the job held a lot more respect. Names were final, and people who went against the government faced heavy fines and penalties. Eventually people stopped trying. What good was it having a child for it to be taken from you and raised in another country that had a shortage of that name? Never able to see them again? It was soon unheard of. People grumbled, but the world was a smooth operating place. It was hard to argue with results. But it was still a clique. Rachels (fashion designers) hung out with other Rachels, and they typically married Rosses (the paleontologists).  Everyone had a place. Everyone fit into a plan. Except me. It was lonely being different. My parents - Pam (actuary) and Tom (flight attendant) - were different. They didn't want that for me. They said they wanted me to choose my own destiny. So they picked something unique. Or what they thought was unique, but was actually a lost name.  I don't think they accounted for the name retroactively giving me knowledge. Everyone was so focused on naming their children practical names, ones that have a solid future, they forgot the fun ones. The arts. My parents named me Ludwig.  I was born in secret, they had me at home. Once I was named there was nothing the government could do to change it, your future becomes set. At first my parents were afraid they would be punished, but my unusual name seemed to confuse the authorities. They decided they would see how I played out, rather than openly make an example. They were used to parents secretly birthing doctors, not strange names they had never heard of. They covered up my birth, claiming my parents were given permission. I remember when I first went to school, already the separation had begun. Janets (vets) played with other Janets, or maybe Georgias (horse trainers). Randals (teachers) played with other Randals, or maybe Mariannes (principals). So long as their fields were related, they stuck together. It was lonely growing up. No one knew how music fit into anything. There were still other Musicans around, but no one on the scale I was. I was held at arms length, almost reverently. An anomaly.  In a world of doctors, lawyers, architects, and construction workers, I'm one of the only composers. My concerts are always packed. And I see it from my stage, how my music bridges the gap. For the short time that I play, people come together. The cliques dissolve, and they all feel the same thing. It's a heady gift. But it was a lonely existence. I saw the world differently. I didn't have a collective to draw on. My knowledge was limited to the last Ludwig, who had lived centuries ago, and what I learned myself. But then one day I met someone else like me. Another anomaly. Artemisia. And for the first time I feel excitement. She's like me, unusual. And her paintings speak to something inside, that makes my music more.  But something has me worried. People are taking notice of us, not in a good way. I'm worried for what that could mean for our future... ~~~ Hoped you liked it!! Also, I had to make a Friends reference. Just had to. 