
*You see, if any other person had done what I did, nobody would have ever noticed. But, I'm not an average person. I'm a genius. I'm the one who invented the pills. Pills that will give you a superpower.* *The pills are pretty unique. While they are precisely the same, they will bring out one superpower from you. Here's the mystery part - nobody knows what superpower one gets.* *That, of course, meant regulations and only military personnel got the pills, at first. Then the pills started to leak, and civilians got the powers.* *One day, I got tired and I also decided to take the pill.* *Time travel. It's a fascinating thing, you know. But it becomes less cool when you discover that every time I use superpower, I will have a cooldown.* *And I never expected that when I did 30 years jump ahead, I could never do a big jump again, probably.* &nbsp; "Today is 30 years since Doctor Alex A. Hendon mystically disappeared. It's thanks to him we live in a society we live in today. While he is despised, the government still wants to keep up his named holiday just because of Hendon's effect," a woman in television said, even though the tv was a very different - a hologram. Alex pushed a button and the hologram shut down. "I never understand that," Alex murmured to himself. "They invented fucking hologram television, but they still use physical remotes," he laughed and got a jacket on himself. He was first shocked to discover the world he had created, but at the same time, it was fascinating. The drug had a significant side effect, but it came out twenty years after first drug use. Your lost your power and your lifespan continued for only 10 more years. But even if that was true, there was a reason why people still abused it. Taking it in cured all illnesses and guaranteed 30 more years of life. No matter if you were an old man or had cancer. So, while for some it became a curse, for others, it became a blessing. The world was something different. Welcome to 2048, where owning superpower was a natural occurrence. "Alex," a voice suddenly got his attention. "You ain't paid pill, yet, Alex." It was a bit fat woman who owned that luxury suite. "Remember? One pill, three months!" "Michele, relax," Alex laughed. "You'll get your pill tonight." "I better do. I have 30 people in line wanting that suite. The only reason you are getting it is that you can provide me with that goddamn pill," Michele moaned and turned around. "Tonight." Alex smiled and left his apartment complex, following the street. He was honestly disappointed when he arrived here. 30 years and scientist haven't managed to make this drug better. They haven't managed to figure out the side effects. But maybe that was a blessing? Thanks to time travel he found out the side effect. Perhaps he can now create the perfect version of that pill. He strolled towards his usual workshop, until a man appeared in front of him, took out a gun and shot him into the stomach. "You fucked with wrong people A-" It felt as space consumed him up and he was suddenly pulled back. Suddenly he found himself leaving the apartment, just like before. "He didn't shoot me into the head," he whispered, sweat gathering. One minute. That's how long he could now time travel. Or was it even time travel? It felt more like turning back time or going into the future. A mysterious power he had. This time Alex turned the other way around and started walking elsewhere. He quickly touched his hand to make a holograph appear in front of his eyes. Only the owner saw those holos. As he turned around the corner, his clothes smoothly changed into darker ones and a bulletproof helmet appeared under the hood. At least humanity managed to learn how to quickly materialize and dematerialize stuff. He turned around another corner, but he was forced to stop. "Why the sudden change, Alex?" a voice came behind at least 10 people aiming their guns at him. Alex smiled. "You know, I'll take my chances with the first guy," Alex said, making the talked eyebrow raise. Alex gently closed the door, still feeling how it sucked to go back in time. This time he turned towards his workshop and calmly walked there. A familiar face turned around and walked towards him. This time it was Alex who did a quick maneuver, pushed a gun against the man and had a suppressed shot. "You fucked with the wrong person," Alex whispered and just casually continued walking, as the stranger fell on the ground. It turned out that he had gotten himself into some nasty shit. ---- ---- **[Read part 2 here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/ElvenWrites/comments/8rrqqd/hendons_effect_part_2/?st=jiizhqus&sh=df5c8ca6). Leave "ping" under sticky to get pinged of future parts.** PS: I'm currently overall focusing heavily on my other novel "Pencil of the Truth". After it is done, I might take this up much more. /r/ElvenWrites - Read more of my stuff from there!* 