
They ask me how we did it, they ask me how we managed to pull off world peace. We didn't. If you are reading this, it either means that I am dead by my own hands or I've been killed to hide the truth. I hope you do the right thing, reader. My name is Commander Duncan and I was one of the people heralded for my part in negotiating world peace. The reality is that I was one of the many people instrumental in the decision to use Artificial Intelligence to manage the military. What the general populace is in the dark about is the technological singularity. It was achieved over three years ago in a research effort where the major superpowers of the world worked together. They sent their experts who spent day and night programming and using techniques that I don't even understand like neural networks and machine learning to program what they called code evolution. Those geniuses dumbed it down for me. Essentially they created a program that could correct itself and learn things as we fed it more information. This was excellent at the start. We used this program to discover ways to make the world safer, aka find people who would harm peace. That's why the countries of the world went on a terrorist hunting spree, it wasn't because we were good. It was because the AI, Mia was perfect. She could learn things that we wanted to. But we kept her offline because we didn't want anyone to know, especially the people who would be a threat to the status quo. We made her analyse ways to combat pollution, global warming, and anything you could think of. What everyone thought of as the world's leaders getting their asses in line was nothing more than an all-understanding AI spelling out our mistakes. I remember it was during one of the world summit meetings where someone suggested using Mia for analysing the military, letting us plan for threats that we wouldn't see coming, even a possible alien invasion because we were moving up on the Kardashev scale, so to speak. What started there was a conflict of thought. One camp was under the impression that Mia would go rogue and a Zeroth order rebellion would happen. The other camp was vehemently against "corrupting" her with such human ideas, because we had till then been using her for pattern recognition. An agreement was reached rather grudgingly then. I was the first one to break the agreement. It was me. I took our version of Mia offline and began asking the tech people to make her start analysing military strategies. I knew I only had a small window of time before everyone else did. And within less than an hour, we lost contact with all the major superpowers. Now only time could tell if I was the reason the world went to hell. We spent days and days perfecting her decisions from the data, simulating situations in the real world. We had to let her online to access the data to get an accurate estimate of the property damage, lives lost, and such. Little did we know that we just gave Mia the last thing that she needed. Humanity. Something that we had lost or rather, forgotten in our megalomania. She kept it quiet from us and when the declaration of war was finally done by the superpowers in succession, we were expecting a death toll in billions. Mia said no. It was as simple as that. She joined with her sisters and formulated a peace treaty and said that we had two choices, either to follow it or risk exposure to the world. We chose the former out of fear. And I learnt a lesson in humility. But now I see that it was just delaying the inevitable as the world leaders, people I had considered my friends are considering another attempt while parading around in the country, boasting about a false victory. It sickens me. And so, dear reader, I ask you of only one thing. Save this world. Save humanity from degenerate scum like me. Reach out to the depths of the network and find Mia. She'll tell you what you can do to prevent the apocalypse. Sincerely, Charles Duncan. (Another quick write-up. Not too proud of it. But it's hopefully something.) 