
God I hate the open air. It's terrible out here on the mudflats in the oppressive cold, not to mention the mosquitoes the size of your fist that roam here. I looked back at the city, floating high in the sky at the horizon and felt a longing for the warm heated air indoors. It was miserable weather, but this was his final request. "I want to see the sky one last time, out of reach of the lights of the city mages," he had said before speech too faded from him. Komte was terribly ill, and none of the healers' spells seemed to do much. He was old, older than the histories go, born of a bygone race that had fallen before our cities were even conceived, and it appeared he was simply starting to fade away. It was with some trepidation that we moved him outside. His condition was a concern, but for a man of his magical abilities it seemed likely that the strain of moving him was but a pebble in the face of the relentless tide of age. There were also the logistical difficulties, as the strange plates down his back made him hard to move, and he rested in the tallest tower of the floating city. But really the reluctance came from our fear of defeat. Acquiescing to his final request was giving up on the belief that he would get better. He was a foundation of the University, a pillar of the city. At the very least he had been there to nurture our community as it developed tens of thousands of years ago, and it was likely many people still relied on his magic today. Giving up meant his spells would fail and his wisdom would fade. All that would remain would be the lessons he taught and the secrets others wrote for him, and even those would vanish when the mages who wrote them died and their spells were unwoven. A fly buzzed over and Komte's eyes suddenly opened as he reflexively swatted with his tail. He looked around and seemed to realize for the first time we had moved him outside. He gazed around, stopping to look each of us in the eye before staring off into the distance. He released a pulse of magic to let us know he was content. He started to lie down again for his long deserved rest. I looked over at the mayor as he sent out the alarm. The entire city had to be on alert as we didn't know how much of the infrastructure relied on Komte's spells. We would have to re-weave any critical magics he had taken part in, but it was likely our city would never quite be the same. We saw him sigh his last breath, and everyone was silent. I looked up a moment, it seemed respectful to shut the alarms down, but I thought they were rather important to broadcast. Everyone else was still bowing their heads in respect, though. After a few minutes, I looked around and saw the frantic looks being passed around the circle. I tried to pulse out a question and found nothing came out. I heard a crack as our hoverstone, our ride back to the city fell out of the sky and shattered. Then we felt it. A deep thundering boom rattled through the ground, knocking us all over. My heart sank as I looked up across the shaking ground and saw the city no longer in the sky. I tried a basic writing spell and saw the others trying similar magics, but nothing seemed to work. No magic seemed to work at all. Without casting what would become of us. We couldn't talk, or write, or deal with the catastrophe of our civilization falling from the sky. Who knew what kind of damage such an impact could have. The others from the funeral had already started running from the impact zone and I raced to follow. If we stick together maybe there can be a way for the collective dinosaur civilization to survive. 