
When the bombs first fell, and the world turned gray, my grandfather and I were the only members of our family who survived. The old man was tough as nails, and I can say with certainty that I wouldn't have lived very long if it wasn't for him. I remember one night in particular. Hunkered down inside an old shack, with barely any rations left, we watched the swirling tongues of the fire lick the inside of an old barrel. The trembling light contoured my grandfather's face, deepening the wrinkles in his leathery skin. "Knowledge." He coughed violently and pulled out a dirty plastic tube. "Very little remains of the old world, especially knowledge." Outside, the ashes drifted in the windless air. I had never seen my grandfather open that tube, but he always kept it close to his heart and within arm's reach. Sometimes it was hard to talk him - he was always a man of action - and for him to open his mouth after quiet-time was highly unusual. The sun never rose anymore, but you could tell night from day from the drop in temperature. Talking during the cold hours was dangerous, especially inside the husk of a city. You never knew who could be listening in. "These are the blueprints to the Library of Congress," my grandfather said, and rolled out a paper with fading ink. "This is where you need to go." "You mean 'we,' right? This is where *we* need to go." The old man gave me a sad smile. "I will follow you as long as these bones will take me. But D.C. is far away, and I'm on my last stroll." He coughed into his hand and showed me the blood. I knew he was sick, but I had no idea that it was this bad. He had never before shown me any weakness and had always been the one to keep pushing forward - the next meal, the next fire, the next step along the broken tarmac - he was the strongest man I knew, and at that moment I just shook my head. "We will get there together," I said, putting my arms around his skeletal frame. My grandfather passed away that night. I remember feeling betrayed, storming out of the ruined building, screaming at the dead sky. I was twelve back then, and I couldn't grasp how he could possibly have left me alone in this place. It was so unfair. I didn't want that stupid map; I wanted my grandfather. The drooping lampposts that I'd used to climb suddenly looked like withering flowers to me. I hated what this place had done to him. I know now that he had been struggling with the sickness for a long time - Marissa said so, and she's a doctor - and that my grandfather had given everything he had to keep me safe. *More* than he had, I sometimes think. It has taken us almost four years to reach D.C., and my new companions are probably more excited than I am. James keeps talking about all the food he'll buy when we sell those books, and Marissa can't wait to get some new medical equipment. I'm still not sure what I'll do once we get there, but hopefully, whatever we find will be worth the trouble. *** Subscribe to r/Lilwa_Dexel for more. [**Part 2**](https://www.reddit.com/r/Lilwa_Dexel/comments/7l2iv6/after_the_bombs_part_2/) 