
"Really, love, I just don't know," she murmured. "It's all getting a bit old, isn't it?" "I know, I know," I said, smiling at her. She sat across the table from me, arms crossed. "But just one more?" The shelves on the wall were covered with....things. Horrible things. Knives stained red, guns left lying where they were discarded. Garrotes and clubs and all manner of things used with the express intent of ending another's life. "How long as it been?" she asked wistfully, stretching her arms up. "Too long," I said softly. It had begun as a sort of sick curiosity. The two of us had been around...a long time. A very long time. Exactly how it had begun, I'd long since forgotten. But the reality of our life was all too clear. We were trapped. The two of us were unstuck in time, left to drift unaging and undying as everyone else in the world withered and greyed. Oh, for years it had been exciting. I could still remember that much, deep in the bottom of my mind. But all excitement fades with time, and we were left with the hideous, unending *nothing* that remained. Even her company had mellowed, the spark lost as she too felt the drain of the years. She'd had the idea first - we'd just...try. Just once. Running from death was such an instict, such a fundamental part of being human, that it remained the one experience we'd never shared. The feeling of it, of being so close to the edge of *nothing*, was *exhilarating*. It brought us back to life. It wasn't a true death - we quickly discovered that much. No matter how many times I plunged a knife into her heart, she always bounced back. I was no different. But it was close enough. Close enough to bring life back to our meaningless existences. "What's it going to be, then?" she said, eyes flat. "Anything in mind?" Pushing herself upright, she meandered towards that wall of death. "I had something in mind, yes," I said, smiling slightly. I slipped the little vial from my pocket. "You, then me. Just enough to get the job done." She glanced back over her shoulder, a smile ghosting her lips. And then I lunged. She spun on her heel, eyes widening. I smiled at the sight, even as I charged towards her. Some reactions never dulled with time. The air left her lungs with a grunt as my weight carried us to the floor. She thrashed under me, eyes sparkling . It felt more right, somehow, to play along with the act. I grabbed her jaw, forcing her mouth open even as I flipped the lid off the vial with my other hand. Her eyes tightened as the first drops of the poison inside slid down her throat. Anticipating what was coming. My hand eased back, leaving the vial half-full. Her hand reached up, caressing my face as I hesitated. And then I bore down hard, upending the bottle and emptying it down her gullet. It had taken a long time, to track the answer down. Years. Decades. Untold days spent waiting, wondering. But at last, I'd found it. This was different, she could tell. There was the first inkling of fear in her eyes as she fought, gagging, but my hand pressed over her mouth. Every last drop would go down her throat - of that, I had to make sure. Otherwise, it wouldn't work. And it had to work. It was the only gift I could give her, after a thousand lifetimes spent together. "Why?" she said, her voice muffled under my hand. I pressed a kiss to her forehead in response. "I don't want to leave," she whispered, the light beginning to fade from her eyes. "Not without you." "I'll come, too," I murmured in her ear. "I'll find you again. No matter what." I heard the breath of her exhalation as she tried to speak, but her last words were lost to the too-calm air of the room. I already knew what I would find, when I stood up. Her body was still at last - and this time, I knew the death was final. The empty vial slipped from my hands, shattering on the floor. Just enough for one, the man had said, his eyes hard. He was very clear on that one part. It hadn't been easy to track him down, and I knew that he'd probably been expecting me to gulp it down as soon as I'd left the alchemist's shady little lab. I hadn't. It wasn't meant for me. But perversely, looking down at her still form growing cold in the air, I smiled. For the first time in years, I felt excited. Sad. Angry. Afraid. I felt alive again. And I wanted more. (/r/inorai, critique always welcome!) 