
When I woke up yesterday, I learned I could breathe fire. It's really more a curse than anything. My cat jumped up onto my chest, and I sneezed from all the hair he shed. I accidentally set my dresser on fire. My curtains ceased to exist at around 3pm because I had a major coughing fit. It really is kind of a downer. I mean, it's not like I am going around and using it in single combat or anything, is it? This kind of thing keeps happening, too. Just last Thursday I had a different weird incident. Now I have to be honest, last Thursday was a very weird day. The boss kept giving me more assignments in the morning, which was out of character. Then, a crazy man walked up to me during my lunch break and said he wanted to fight me. I thought for a while that he was talking to someone else. Like, who even challenges a mid-30s, overweight guy in an old business suit to a duel at 11 am? He kept insisting it from across the street while I ignored him, as polite people do. When he tried to run across the street, he was hit by a bus. It was a terrible tragedy of course, but I had no real part of it. That afternoon, Phyllis from accounting claimed that I stole her lunch! That's even stranger, because obviously I was outside during lunch. When I got home that night, I could turn invisible. Hell, last month I also had a stand out for the title of "weirdest day." I was on vacation in the city of Detroit, and the richest-looking guy I had ever seen rolled passed in a beautiful Lamborghini. He rolled down his window and pointed at me with the finger-gun gesture. I pointed right back and laughed, since it was a weird thing to do, but then he got all mad! He revved the engine, and pulled into a U-turn to drive right at me. I sure was surprised, but I was even more surprised when a bolt of lightning hit his car. Like, isn't lightning supposed to strike the tallest object around? Also, it was a pretty sunny day, so there shouldn't have been lightning in the first place. I didn't question it of course, since it stopped me from being hit with his car, but it sure was wild. That night, I figured out that I was able to run super fast for short bursts. It looks really strange at first, since I am *not* a runner, but it can be quite useful. All these coincidences and weird party tricks I can pull really make me wonder. They just seem too strange to all happen to one guy, but what can I say? I guess I'm just lucky. 