
It's hard to describe my reaction when the girl entered the room. She was the Chief's daughter, all orc, but as meek and tentative as any girl I've ever known. She had at least a foot on me and radiant green skin, yet her posture and expressions made her look very meek. "Hi," I said, surprisingly confident, since I thought I was going to be wrung out like a dishrag. She averted her eyes and I had to stifle a laugh, "would you like to have a seat?" She seemed to relax a bit at the offer and sat as far from me as her frame would allow. She seemed to react reflexively to any motion on my part, and I wondered if this was pure nerves or a product of something else. I didn't want to pry, at least not now. "Would you like something to drink?" I asked. She lifted her head lightly, "water." The tenor of her voice almost startled me, I'd expected the brash and gravelly tenor that I'd heard from hundreds of her tribesmen, but her voice was something else entirely. It cracked a bit but I chalked that up to nerves. I poured her a glass and held it out at arms length. She took it from me delicately and averted her eyes again as she sipped and coughed lightly. I turned away for a moment and had a laugh to myself. Here I'd spent the day working up the strength to withstand Orcish brutality, and now I'm trying to figure out how to be tender enough to reach her. I coughed lightly, just enough to telegraph that I was going to try and speak, "so umm, if you could do anything in this world, what would it be?" I kicked myself as the words came out cause that was a poor choice of wording, and I wasn't even sure she knew my language well enough to respond. "Travel," she said as she turned away again, "my family moves a lot, but I want to enjoy it." Something about her voice was enchanting, I couldn't put my finger on it. I smiled, "my family owns land at Vezina Gorge, I could take you there one day." Her eyes lit up and she smiled with a goofy Orcish grin and in an instant all my suppositions vanished. Edit: TY everyone for the encouragement, this was to be a goofy one-off, but I had it in mind all day during a really crap shift. Giggling about a goofy Orcish grin got me through my day. So maybe not tonight, but I'll try to make a part 2 soon (: 