
Be'zellse'ar and Hinx had a problem on their hands. Kriton was never hard to come across anywhere else in the galaxy. The Solar System on the other hand? Things were never easy. Alas working with the Solar System Alliance had benefited them immensely in the past nonetheless; the SSA was still a fledgling organization in the Milky Way Hub. While consider powerful, heavily armed, and diplomatic; the area was still labeled by many in the galaxy as 'lawless, brutish, and just plain bizarre'. A backwater so far out of it's own way, that when discovered it astonished many that a race of some ten billion, 'Humans' had evolved and staked their place in the universe so quietly. And across eight planets, and several dwarf planets, Hinx and Be'zellse'ar had yet to find a single ounce of Kriton. "God. Damn it." Hinx muttered as they kept walking. "Hinx, I don't know where else to look..." Be'zellse'ar concluded, "The humans don't seem to have any Kriton whatsoever." "Ridiculous." Hinx grimaced, "Captain Tom has always mentioned that Kriton is available in this quadrant. It shouldn't be this hard." "Have you seen him today?" She inquired, "After all, you are considered a high ranking member of his circle... Did he ever tell you where to get some of it?" Hinx stopped in his tracks for some time, racking his lizard brain in slight defeat. "Wait, he explained the mecha are manufactured with some Kriton. Maybe the port has some?" "Lead the way." Be'zellse'ar, "I think I know just the human who can help us?" -- "Lemme' get this straight, Beebs." Dozeman outlined, "You guys have been searching the entire system for Kriton? And now, you're back here on the ship, because we should have Kriton considering Captain Tom told Hinx we 'always have  some'." "Uh huh." Be'zellse'ar nodded. "Great..." Dozeman sighed. He went over and began kicking at the feet of a mechanic lodged under another mech nearby. "Arch..." Dozeman asked, "Arch... Archie?" "What it do man?" Archie answered quickly. "You where we could pick up Kriton, on the ship here?" "Uh oh..." Archie paused, "Hit up the Korean sector. They might have some. If not, you're gonna' have to probably hit up the Guatemalans." "The Guatemalans have Kriton? And we don't??" Dozeman deadpanned. "Well, I know Weyland in UK sector does enriching, but talking to Phil, they said the three sectors that import it are Korea sector, Guatemala sector... And the Dutch." "Figures..." Dozeman spat, "Well, can you cover for me while we go looking." "Dozer, we been workin' on the same boosters for a day, this heap ain't rollin' no time soon bro." "Fine, fine..." Dozeman shrugged. -- Guatemalan Sector, 07:32 "Whaddya' mean you sold out?" Dozeman frowned. "Dozer," Ochoa said in a thick accent, "I know the aliens are upset right now, but my hands are tied. The higher ups shut us down for the end of the month, we're fresh out in this sector until June." "I find it bizarre that Captain Tom would have everything shut down like this." Hinx growled angrily at Ochoa. "Relax, relax," Ochoa explained brokenly, "Salazar runs our sector, so those are the rules." "Do you know who has more then?" Be'zellse'ar sighed. "Officer Park in Korea sector-" "Say no more, we're going." Dozeman sighed as they kept moving. "I don't get it." Be'zellse'ar wondered, "Why is it so hard to get things from each other here? Does the government know what it's even doing?" "Which one?" Dozeman asked. "The central government that runs the ship!" She explained, her golden eyes flashing with confusion. "Yeah, like I said; which one?" Dozer asked bluntly. "I thought the American government *was the government.*" Hinx wondered. "They are for *us.*" Dozer explained, "I'm American. You guys work in American sector, and have dual citizenship." "Yeah?" Hinx urged. "These are the sectors for other countries on Earth? Y'know; with other leaders and such?" Hinx and Be'zellse'ar stopped dead for a second. Dozer didn't understand the looks they were giving him. "What's with that face?" "The SSA does not have a unified government? Humans managed to leave your solar system, without world peace being *established*?" Be'zellse'ar questioned. "So??" Dozer wondered. "You can't be serious." Hinx noted as he cocked his head to one side. It reminded Dozer of footage on the Discovery channel he'd seen as a child for some reason. "You spent 5 years Earthside, and watched WW3 footage with Beebs there, and you mean to tell me that you never, *ever*, even considered that maybe we all don't roll together like that? Once?" "How many countries are we talking here Dozer?" Be'zellse'ar asked. "You wanna' start with continents, or countries?" Dozer explained, "We'll be here all week." "Just... Get us some Kriton for the project." Hinx huffed. "Okay, c'mon." -- "You don't have any either, Park?!" Dozer asked for the eighth time that morning. "Doze, we dropped the last set off Earthside." Park explained. "Earthside? All the way back in Philly?" Dozer winced, "All the Kriton got let go at the port... In Philly." "That's where we landed. That's where it got dropped off. I don't make the rules." "I just follow them, I know, I know!" Dozer imitated. "Well it's in U.S. customs. Get Thompson to sign off and pick up a set. Annyeong, my friends." "Thanks Park you too." Dozer mentioned. "We've got to go Earthside, you two." "Oh fucks sake..." Hinx gritted. "You're learning." Dozer smiled sarcastically, "You can say that again." "For fucks sake." Beebs repeated. "I hate my job sometimes." Dozer whispered to no one. -- r/Jamaican_Dynamite 