
Across a thousand worlds our form inspires fear, as is only right at the sight of perfect apex predators , naturally triggering terror in the lesser prey of the galaxy. Teeth like knives, skin like scaled armor, claws that can rend flesh to the bone. We are majestic. The species of most worlds bow down upon our arrival, their own instincts informing them that they have no chance to survive. With bases across the galaxy our military might is unrivaled and the populations of countless worlds offer sacrifices of their own people to sate our appetites. Encountering a new world we identify radio traffic from a sentient species. From their broadcasts we decipher images of their form. They look *pink*, unarmored, *delicious*. We identify a smaller continent with a pleasing climate and only moderately populated by the native dominant species. It will make an ideal site from which to start the invasion. As the cloaked ship settles to the ground our first wave of the elite scouts, some of the finest soldiers of the empire filter down the ramps and into the undergrowth. Their job: to collect samples of the natives for study and... *lunch* . Live feeds from the retinal implants of the scouts cover one wall of the bridge. A scout is sliding through the water, approaching 2 of the pink-fleshed natives in a flimsy craft... Finally one of them sees it's doom, it bears it's teeth in what must be some kind of fight or flight reflex and bellows something. The sound is fed into the translation matrix. But suddenly something unexpected, rather than fleeing or staying frozen the native leaps upon the scout, wrapping it's pink fleshy arms around him. It bellows more of the natives strange honking language. The fight is intense, he rolls in the water trying to drown the native but it clings on and starts wrapping something around his jaws and legs. From the other side of the room the translation matrix finally starts interpreting the native's shouts. "Crikey mate! you're a big beaut!" On the screen our soldier is unceremoniously hauled into a wooden craft, wrapped in netting. We see that the other native is holding some kind of lensed apparatus, possible some kind of weapon? The first has turned to it and is talking again. "Now before we move it to a new habitat, we need to check if this is a boy or a girl, [I think Pat should be the one to do the sexing](https://www.themorningbulletin.com.au/news/i-had-the-gloves-the-alligator-had-the-cloaca/1848624/), now crocs have what's called a cloaca and..." As the native on the screen pulls on gloves the bridge crew freeze into a rictus of horror 