
"Turn around, did I find you?" As I turn around, thoughts start racing through my head. Too much to keep track of. Did she find me? Is she real after all? Why here? Why now? She laughs, in my head. Now I see her. Beautiful blue eyes, small face and a sea of hair flowing down her shoulders. She's beautiful. The voice is silent. "Hi" "Hi" "Did you find me?" She smiles awkwardly. "I guess I did". "Should I ask her?" "Yes, do it. I'm right here" "ehm, shall we go for a coffee? I would like to get to know you. The real you." "Yes of course, you silly" As we walk to the nearest coffee shop I notice them staring. The people. They never seemed to do that before. They seem scared. I look around, but there's nothing scary happening. A man grabs his phone while watching me. I turn to look at the girl I'm walking with. She's walking quickly. Shaking softly. "Are you okay?" I think. "Do you notice these people as well?". "Oh it's nothing, probably have never seen such a cute couple before" she replies. Unsure what she meant by that I keep walking, I take her hand, just in case, and make it to the coffeeshop. Right before I open the door I hear yelling, screaming even. People are running away, away from us. Men in uniform run towards us. Why? Is she a criminal? Am I in danger? One moment later and I'm on the ground, I look at her. She's staring at me with her big blue eyes while talking with an armed officer. She nods. "Did you really think it was real?" the voice in my head asks. I'm not sure. As I'm placed in my cell I ask the guard why I need to be locked up. He looks at me and scoffs. "Hm, why don't you tell me, mister?". "I.. I don't know". "You really don't? Fine." "You stalked a girl and kidnapped her forcing her to come with you with the knive you had in your pocket. You were dumb enough to do it in broad daylight though, so everyone present were able to give crystal clear statements. You said she was "the voice" while grabbing her arm and running towards a coffeeshop. A coffeeshop for fucks sake, whatever would you do with her there?" As the cell door closes, I hear it again. It keeps repeating, louder and louder. It won't stop. Please make it stop. "Did I find you? Turn around" 