
They came for him at dawn, screaming across the dusty plain, throwing up a choking cloud in their wake which turned the sun red. He knew this was an entirely dramatic decision, since she'd set up camp sometime the afternoon before. Within sight of the city's towers. The gates and walls of Newhaven were more than strong enough to keep them out, but that wasn't what he wanted. His men had their orders, all civilians had been evacuated to the bunkers. They were ready. He was ready for his audience. They burst through the gate, apparently not even registering how easy it all was. Either they were too used to attacking the smaller settlements and steads around Newhaven, or this was their first raid. Either way, it was going to be their last. It wasn't every day the bandits actually presented themselves to you, after all. She took an astonishly long time to reach him, though he deliberately stayed in his office. She must have stopped for a rousing speech or two along the way. He stood wearily as she burst through the door, bow at the ready, dark hair flying dramatically. Only her closest lieutenants were with her, each similarly armed with longbows, crossbows and swords. "Hello, *father*!" She spat, tossing her head. "Jane." He said, sighing inwardly. "Glad you're home safe." "I've returned!" She said, in what she obviously believed was a fierce, rabble-rousing voice. In reality, she just sounded like a sixteen-year-old girl having a temper tantrum. "I see that." "I've returned," she repeated, her eyes flashing, "to free the people from the yoke of their cruel tyrant! I've returned, Father, so that we can rebuild society as something good for all, so that my child will never know a world of oppression, indecency, and indignity!" At that she threw a look at Jaime, Tom Brandon's eldest boy, who was stood right behind her. It was obviously meant to be a meaningful glance, or maybe a longing one. Instead they both just looked a bit constipated. The pause gave him a chance to process what she'd said, however. He slapped a hand over his face, groaning. "Fuck's sake, Janey, you're pregnant too?" "This isn't about who I choose to love!" She cried dramatically, her face turning red as a bead of sweat began to trickle from her hairline. "This is about..." "It's about me grounding you," he said sharply, dropping his hand. He gestured, and his men came forward, rifles at the ready. Jane's followers looked uncertain now. "It's about you thinking we love Hannah more. What this is about, Jane, is a child having a tantrum and running off to join some bandits with her friends. That's what this is about." "I didn't join the bandits!" She yelled. That attempt at a revolutionary tone had vanished now. She stamped her foot. "They're temporary *allies*. I'll reward them when I take over, so..." "They came with you because they thought they'd get to pillage the city while you were up here." He said, deliberately staying calm. "Don't worry, I'll deal with them. Kids, you hand your weapons over to my men now. Your parents have been worried sick about you all." The other kids, staring down the barrels of actual guns with the crackle of gunfire outside, handed over their gear willingly. One, a girl who couldn't have been older than twelve, started to cry. Jane stamped her foot again and shrieked wordlessly. "You always have to ruin *everything*!" She screamed, "I'm going to take over the city and free everyone from slavery, and *you can't stop me*!" "Jane, no one here's a slave. This is the only truly safe place for half a continent. People are happy to be here. You've been out there now, you've see. That, haven't you? Anyway, you'll get your chance to lead when I retire..." "I'm not waiting until then! You're a monster!" She loosed the arrow - the look on her face suggested she hadn't meant to do it, or maybe that she was surprised she had dared too. The arrow flew surprisingly true (she must have been practicing) and lodged in his vest. He took half a step back, bumping into the desk, and let out an irritated grunt. Before he could do anything else there was a deafening report, followed by a heavy thud. He looked down at his crumpled daughter, horrified. Then she rolled over, pressed a hand to the exit wound just above her hip (which was, thankfully, oozing rather than gushing) and began to weep hysterically. "Daddy! He shot me, you let him shoot me!" He sighed heavily. "Dave, take the others to the station, contact their parents. Henry, Bill, you take my arch-nemesis to Doctor Jennings, please? And Gary," he looked at the man who had fired, who was now frozen in place, looking appalled, "please don't do that again." 