
"Enter" Cesare the Hero marched in, his sword tucked neatly in it's sheathed, but the same could not be said for the rest of his appearance, his Armor dented and scarred by loss and betrayal. His hair messy, his eyes weary and his ears The nobles and the knights present at the court looked on as Cesare with fear and reverence, after all his crusade had led him to the removal of the Muslim hordes from the Far East, the extermination of the despicable Mongols that had extended to the Vistula river and the retaking of Rome from the sub-human tribes of the south, retaking Carthage once more. Those in the court looked in awe at their saviour, this man had single-handedly saved their civilization. The coalition that encroached of Gaul was mighty, but their Hero was far greater, proof of the superiority of their civilization. Cesare ignored their stares, he knew that some looked up to him with their brightly proud eyes. They all wore fancy dresses and suits, with fabrics from lands far beyond theirs or made with wool that was bought for with spilt blood. They all looked at him with respect and disgust. A little girl, third in line to the throne and fourth daughter of his emperor was present to the far left of her sister. She had skin as white as snow and bright ruby lips, in clothes befitting of her glory, as she stood on a fine marble floor. As his head dropped low in a show of respect, a vision entered his head. He first kicked her down, she stumbled but her hands supported her as such her head did not hit the cold dirt. The dirt became warm, as silver turned red, and dirt became red. He had done this repeatedly, the Mongol monsters had brought their vermin with them, and his sword cut right between so many of their narrow eyes. Now he was imagining it towards a member of royalty. Could he not stop his bloodlust "Thou have guarded our glorious civilization against the hordes, who seek to bring it to ruin." The words of his emperor him snapped back to reality. He kept head down, whilst his power was great then all those present combined, he still meant to be nothing more than a pebble in front of the emperor, for the emperor was the son of god. "Your fallen companions will be remembered." John Mark Luke All brave souls that had travelled with him at the beginning but gone as the left him one by one. John broke away from them one day with his men, their heads returned in a large bag. Mark with the fastest steed of their empire, could not outrun death. Luke, he had ended his suffering with the sword he had murdered those children with. He wept for them, on an ever good day, with every victory and massacre, he wept for them; shouting at his own men, seeing those that irate him sparked him off as he cut them down, whether they be friend or foe. "So, what do you desire, brave Cesare?" Asked the emperor He looked up and saw the emperor's eyes for the first time, they were as still as the river Rhine on a silent night, eyes that had never seen the carnage that he had seen. Cesare spoke one word. "Peace." "No, there will be no peace with these savages. Our war will continue as we march on into their lands and plunder them for our own. Our civilization is the greatest to ever tread these lands, there will be no rest for our glorious crusade, till we exterminate such filth." Howled the emperor, receiving thunderous applause from his court. A spectacle for the Nobility. The clapping. The cheers. They swallowed it down as if it were entertainment. They did not understand, how could they? He had fought their war, and to them, they knew nought the truth of matters. IT WAS A SICK JOKE Cesare started laughing. And with that, he turned mad. His howls could still be heard deep in the dungeons every night. 