
"You alright ? What's on your mind ?", Frank asks as we stroll down the main street. I stop, and look right at him for a second, before saying "Well, recently I became aware that I have the ability to quicksave before saying something that would prove devistating when talking with others." "Well, that has to be the stupidest thing you've ever said !", said Frank, as he shook his head. "There's no way that can be true." "I swear it is ! Why would I make it up ?", I ask, not expecting an aswer from Frank. "Well, if that is true, and you are quicksaving before saying something that will be devistating; then prove it.", Frank insisted. Rolling my eyes, I say "I've tried proving it, again and again; when I reload though you never remember, because foryou this conversation hasn't happened yet." "So you've tried telling me this before ?", Frank asked, this time with genuine curiousity. "Yeah, and everytime we go through similar conversation loops.", I say with a heavy sigh. "Then prove it. What am I about to say ?", Frank and I say at the same time. "Hey ! How'd you do that ?", we say in unison. "Purple monkey dish washer !", he says, with me trailing just behind. A horrified look washes over his face as the realisation sets in. "You're not lying are you ?", he says, stammering as he does so. "Why would I ?", I ask him, knowng he will not reply with an answer. Thinking for a moment, Frank says "If you know everything, that means there is no free choice as you know the choices people will make. That means that this is just all some elaborate simulation working it's way through a preset sequence." "Now calm down Frank. There's no need to panic. Don't do anything rash !", I say, trying to talk him out of the rash action he's about to take. "I don't want to live in a world like that !", he cries out as he runs into the oncomming traffic. With a screech of brakes, that come too late, followed by shrieks from my friend; I know there's only one thing I can do. **RELOAD** "Huh ? What did you say ?, I ask, staring at Frank. "I ask if everything was alright, and if there was somethin on your mind.", he says. I pause for a moment, considering my response before saying "Yeah, everythings cool. I was just wondering if you might like to go for an ice cream, my shout." "That's probably the smartest thing you've ever said.", he says with a smile. I look at him, sigh, and smile back. Maybe one day I'll be able to tell him, without hm fresking out; as for now, I guess I'll just have to settle with ice cream. 