
"I feel unappreciated by my people," Xi said first, breaking the awkward silence that had fallen over the room once Putin ripped his shirt off, revealing the aging torso of a formerly muscular man. Atop a horse or a tank, it struck fear into enemy's hearts. On the office chair, it was an underwhelming attempt at being macho. Regardless, Donald oohed and aahed at him and fixed his toupe. "Don't be an Eeyore, Winnie," Putin snarked at Xi and then chuckled to himself. The Chinese man's face turned red with embarrassment but he held little power over the Russian and they had already established the need for cooperation. "I have a plan," Donald said once he was done marveling his Russian counterpart. The other two leaned forwards in anticipation, eagerly awaiting news of their salvation. "I can't tell you the details, but I have one," Donald continued and Putin rolled his eyes and sat back in the chair. The aliens would have barely been a blip on the timeline of humanity had it not been for their overwhelmingly charitable spirit. In an effort to end the issues that had plagued humans since the beginning of time, they had simply solved them. Just like that, they had done away with hunger and with energy shortages and pollution and extinction and droughts and overpopulation. People basked in the perfection of a thousand Earth-like planets with plenty of land for everybody to enjoy and enough food for everybody to grow a belly like these plump former leaders had. "That worked with your people but it will not work here," Putin chastised, shaking his head. It was true. The president of what was formerly the United States - until the borders of countries more or less dissolved as portals appeared everywhere and people migrated to and from as they pleased - had found that the promise of plans meant far more than the plans themselves. On this stage however, he found he was expected to match his words with actions, something time had proved him nearly incapable of doing. "This communism is too perfect," Putin commented with an ironic chuckle and Xi glared at him. It wasn't supposed to work like this. If everybody had everything they needed, nobody needed the government, as the three had discovered. The essence of their previous communisms had been in the abundant corruption that kept the people needy and the leaders happy. Other leaders had simply taken an early retirement and decided to spend time with their families while others committed premature suicide when they spotted the aliens. These three, desperate for the power that made them feel fulfilled, had formed a second coming of the Big Three and were desperately concocting their ill-conceived plan. "Let's build a wall," Trump announced and Xi looked up at the ceiling as if wishing for a lightning bolt to save him from this boorish man's company. "We'll have the aliens pay for it," he continued and Putin massaged his temples and closed his eyes. "Oh they'll love to pay for it - I talked to them... We're on great terms, great friends... and they said... They told me since they know I can get a deal done, they said they'd pay, the aliens said," Trump finished, gesturing randomly with his hands as if trying to help his point. "And all of this?" Putin asked, waving out the window at the land of plenty and at the happy people on the city streets. "Not my problem," Trump said, standing up and sort of straightening his ill-fitting suit. "All we have to do is say we have a solution, they'll start following us again and then we let the next president deal with it." "Get out," the other two said in clear indignation. "There will be no other president if we don't find a way to break the curse the aliens have cast upon our world." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 