
"Welcome to my humble home," said the old man, with a smile as crooked as the picture that hung behind him. "Thank you," Christian replied as his gaze jumped from one piece of priceless art to another. "I still can't believe you invited me," he muttered as he stared distractedly at the lifeless head of an ancient creature hung on the wall. "Is that a..." "Deer," said the old man. "Deer! Yes! I've read about deer! They roamed the land with the elephants and sabre-toothed ti..tig.." "Tiger. And you're almost correct. They were a little *after* the sabre-toothed tiger became extinct. But I'm pleased you know your history somewhat. Come, dinner will be ready shortly, and I have something I'd like you to try, beforehand." Christian marvelled at the statues and paintings that adorned the mansion, as he walked through the grand hall, down a long mahogany corridor and into a huge dining room. "Wooden walls, wooden tables - it's just, mind boggling. Trees - the organic kind - they went so long ago... your house must be worth more than the entire city!" The old man smiled again. "Worth isn't always in physical possessions. Sometimes, it's what's inside a person that really matters. Sit, please." Christian pulled out a chair. In front of him sat a jewelled goblet. Christian peered in and made out a strange liquid inside. Curious, he held the goblet up and sloshed the contents about - a thin, clear liquid dribbled over the edge. "Water," the old man said proudly, his tongue darting out to moisten his dry lips. "Water?" Christian furrowed his brow. "No such thing. Not even you have access to water." "Please, take a sip. I think you'll be surprised" Christian stared at the old man for a moment, before raising the goblet once more and tilting it towards his mouth. "My God," he exclaimed wiping his mouth, "it tastes so damn pure! It's fantastic!" "I'm pleased you like it." "I don't understand though. How did you procure it? There is *no* water any more." "It's... courtesy of my previous guest." "Your pre-" Christian began coughing. "Yes. You see, water is very hard to get hold of. And yet, you and I are nearly all water, at a basic level. It's simply diluted with *unpleasantness*." Christian's coughing became a wheeze and he fell to his knees. He began to retch and a warm, red liquid trickled out of his mouth. "So you see, I must distill it. I'm glad you got to taste it beforehand. I believe everyone should get to taste water at least once. I'm sorry yours wasn't *quite* pure, but I don't think it would have affected the taste very much." --- /r/nickofnight 