
May had asked several times to go home, but the captain said that he no longer remembered where Earth was located. He had gotten the coordinates from a trading partner, and after they had abducted her he had overwritten that file with a note to the cleaning crew. *Make sure the human gets watered.* That had been an unpleasant and terrifying awakening, but soon the crew knew the basics of human care. She was just lucky that the captain came from an oxygen based planet and she hadn't died. They told her stories of other ships filled with water or different gasses, some of the stranger aliens looking forlorn at the tanks on their heads. They started out giving her small tasks, but soon she graduated to some of the most important jobs on the ship. Most of the crew needed 2 to 3 times the sleep she did, so she often ended up running the engine room by herself. May hadn't known anything about engines before, but the one in this ship was so simple and optimized that it wasn't difficult to learn. This astounded her crewmates, as they all had the equivalent of a bachelor's degree to understand it. The artificial gravity on the spacecraft was extremely light. While others walked or slithered normally, she could cover a room in a single bound. May thought this was actually very fun and, since she was much smaller than the rest of the crew, was asked to do many repairs in high or hard to reach places. She really didn't mind. She soon became the captain's favorite, though he treated her more as a pet than a person. He found a planet that grew cocoa beans and would regularly buy chocolate just for her. She made sure to handle these boxes herself, as the chocolate was toxic to the rest of the crew. As for the crew themselves, they treated her with cautious respect. They would joke around with her but would avoid upsetting her at all costs. It may have had something to do with her accidentally shattering a ceramic plate once. She felt like she was always stopping them from doing stupid things, such as grabbing live wires and making sure they wore their protective suits when doing outside repairs. She felt like a mom sometimes. That's why when they passed a little planet in a tiny galaxy that looked quite familiar, she chose to say nothing. May was already home. 