
I shut the door behind me, running my hand along the smooth wood with a small smile. We had just bought the door a few months ago, but I still couldn't help but admire it. "I'm home, Darling!" I called as I set my purse on the floor near the door. I began walking to the kitchen, noting that all the lights were on. "Isaac, you need to start saving energy!" I didn't mean to snap when I said that, but it came out, anyway. "It's fine," Isaac called from the kitchen, adding, "It won't kill you," with a small chuckle. He sat at the table, looking perfect in every single way. God, I loved him. "It helps to turn the lights off." I gave him a peck on the cheek and began prepping dinner. "It's Friday tomorrow." Isaac always replied with, "Friday is just as dull as any other weekday!" with a good-natured laugh. Always. "Thank God," he instead grumbled. "This week has been hard." I froze in place, panicking slightly. He always answered with that phrase. I leaned on the counter as I turned to look at him. "I forgot to ask. How was your day?" "Hard. Didn't I already say that? Nevermind about that." No. This couldn't be happening. Whenever he had a bad day, he would stop by the grocery store and buy a few snacks. He was a stress eater, and never complained, no matter how much I pressed. "Are you hungry?" I asked nonchalantly, knowing that, after a bad day, he wouldn't want to eat dinner after all the sugar he would have eaten. Isaac stood. "Yeah, I am. Here, lemme help you cook." I was beginning to realize that I would have to resort to the coded questions that Isaac had given me. At the time, I had thought that they were extremely stupid, but he insisted that I memorize them and ask him when he was acting strange. He always told me to leave and not come back until he called and gave the code word. He told me it was because he cared so much about me. At the time, I had laughed it off. "What color is the sky?" I whispered. Isaac didn't look at me. He instead began preparing a few dishes after figuring out that I had been trying to cook alfredo. "What color is the sky?" I repeated loudly. My heart was pounding so loudly that I was sure he could hear it. I was a horrible at keeping secrets. I was more than certain that he would notice. Issac had made it sound so serious, and I had disregarded it. Now that it was happening, I couldn't help but feel guilty. "Lynn, are you okay? The sky is blue," he answered, sounding concerned. That thing-the imposter-sounded just like Isaac, but my Isaac would have answered with a jolly "Fourty-two!" I turned around. "I forgot some groceries in the car!" I said loudly, wincing as my voice cracked. "I'll be back, okay? Right away." Isaac let out a pleasant, "Of course!" I tried to calmly go down the stairs, but my legs were beginning to turn into jello and my hands were shaking too much to steady myself. I finally got into my car and raced away, breathing heavily. "I'm overreacting," I whispered to myself, but I continued to drive. "But I trust Isaac. I trust him." I trusted him. He wouldn't lie to me, nor would he purposely answer wrong. Now, I just had to wait for my real love to return to me. 