
Someone rapped at the door. A slot near eye level slid open and a pair of blue-tinted goggles peered into the crisp, white room. Toilet, unoccupied. Good. Sink, dripping slowly. Less good. Bed, empty. Problematic. The man cocked his head and caught a shadow hovering on the other side, near the door frame. He peered around through the slit for a better angle. "We need you." Simple and to the point, if lacking creativity. "No," I replied, equally inventive. He barely skipped a beat, "This isn't a suggestion. Get up." I didn't need to see the man at the door, himself dressed in white from head to toe, to sense his stance shift as he toggled the safety on his stun gun. He craned his head around to get a better view, but could only catch the lurking shadow by the door jamb. He slowly unlatched the door from the outside, curling around the frame as he advanced with the humming device in his hands. "This is your last cha-" he broke off as he lunged into the room, the stunner leading and passing harmlessly against a white frock, dangling limply from the ceiling and secured by a sharpened toothbrush My clothes hung loosely from the ceiling, and I pounced from my hiding spot behind the door. I kicked out, shattering a toe against the handle of the stun gun as it went flying and clattering, bouncing off the wall and out of immediate sight. We struggled for a moment, the crook of my elbow wrapped around his carotid artery, until he slumped against the wall in a senseless heap. Breathing heavily, I scanned the room - the stun gun was missing. Water had splashed from the toilet bowl and onto the floor, and I sighed. Gross, but acceptable. I immediately limped over, favoring my broken toe as I reached in, grabbed the stunner, and eyed it suspiciously. Using the goggle-man's white shirt, I wiped the stun-gun down and dangled it experimentally from one hand. I held my breath, and... ...*CLICK!* My body froze as every muscle contracted. I could barely scream as I collapsed to the floor, writhing. The stunner fell from my hand and clattered to the floor, hissing and sputtering as the safeties attempted to kick in. *THUMP. THUMPTHUMP. THUMPTHUMP. THUMP.* You're rarely conscious of your nose, or your tongue, until someone tells you *not* to think about it. *THUMP.* My ears started ringing as I felt the sudden, uncomfortable void in my chest. *Thump.* Silence Ah, a miscalculation. An unfortunate start to my first escape attempt in three years. Dying is usually a prompt, messy experience from my point of view. Consciousness comes and goes. And then a shock, like lightning, as I bolt upright from whatever unfortunate circumstance had torn me apart, poisoned my breakfast, or decapitated me by French guillotine. I had to admire the last one. Relaying the experience of looking up at someone as your head falls into a basket was something I had never considered as valuable research data, but my captors were often looking for any possible avenue to exploit my unique predicament. Sudden adrenaline. I bolted upright from the floor and sucked in a lungful of air. My toes wiggled experimentally. Healed! As all injuries should be after the recovery. I reached over to the goggled man, grabbed his arm, and manipulated it into shutting off the stun gun. He jerked for a moment as some residual charge ran through his system, but he was probably fine. Acceptable. His medical frock seemed to be sufficiently insulating to spare me the worst of it. I collected the stun gun, and moved into the hall. I had two-hundred and thirty-nine more cells to unlock. 