
Random occurrence is often a very confusing force of life. The Fourth I created whilst hacking and wheezing at a government-run hospital in Blazzego. I had been resigned to my mundane state by an affliction of bronchitis, which was hefty enough to require serious medical attention. There was little to do while my treatment was ongoing, so I wrote and read to pass the time. I must mention my unusual power. Jasaw, is what it was deemed by a council of Elders. It was dangerous, a spot of extraordinary occurrence in my otherwise ordinary life. The power dictated that as long as I uttered certain phrases in the ancient Dumas language, I would be able to conjure things from various separate planes of existence. The air would grow heated, the particles stimulated by a rush of energy. All would be condensed, and then a release, as the object I conjured appeared at a distance from me. Jasaw activated three times at one incident, namely my Fourth Year to God. I was introduced to texts, only read on those special occasions, texts heavily guarded and kept by the Elders. Dumas texts, some of which contained Jasaw keywords. *jalin*. *nayza*. *slyapa*. These words in our current language mean "flame", "spear", and "helm". You could probably imagine the shock of the Elders upon discovery of my Jasaw. From the on, though I was educated about my unorthodox Magick, I was kept from the sacred Dumas texts, for both my own protection as well as the protection of others. So it was at the hospital in Blazzego, whilst reading a Cornerian text, that I began to hack and cough, wheezing in the intermissions. As this happened, I became aware of a presence that seemed not if this world, one that I only had experienced on that day on my Fourth Year to God. The same condensation of energy, a pathway to something foreign and entirely different than anything on the Gaian surface. I breathed in, felt a sudden sense of relief in my breath, a brief respite from the incessant pulmonary affliction. As the air condensed, a small vessel appeared, and I felt the pathway close. Only moments had passed, I did not know which Dumasian word I had uttered to summon this. I reached out, and pulled the vessel to me. The surface was glossy, of a finely sanded marble. Ornate carvings were present on the opening, and the stone lid was moved with just a little force. It radiates an unusual energy, and I held back a sneeze as I attempted to open it. The lid flew open with a clicking sound, and I saw an endless abyss when I looked inside, one that was as eternally blue as the deepest depths of the Tartarian Ocean. The object was kept by me, and after my discharge I journeyed back to my homeland from Blazzego, the vessel in a thick cloth bag. My counsel with the Elders revealed two things, when I returned. The word I had uttered was *Eokoeive*. In Dumasian, it means "vessel of the soul". ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- Internet points and virtual cookies to whoever can find which language Dumas is based off of (almost word for word). ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ r/bluelizardK Feedback is always appreciated! A PART 2 IS UP! 