
Upon this signed paper is the contract between the "Genie" party, comprised of Gn. Deiala Razzazontrono the III, and the "Wisher" party, made up of Mr. Jonathan "Joe" Camford, both referred to as such party names in the rest of the document. The verbal agreement proposed by the "Genie" and verbally accepted by the "Wisher" on the 02/07/2020 AD at 15:48 GMT is as follows: "I am Deiala Razzazontrono the III, genie by blood, genie by nature! I will grant you two wishes! However, in this day and age, they [the wishes entitled to the "Wisher"] cannot wish for more wishes, or any amount of wealth or power that can either destabilise by 3% the world's economy or be infinite in nature." To which the verbal agreement was accepted by the "Wisher" by saying: "Sweet! I'll go get my lawyer!" Definitions: Eternally: for an indeterminate amount of absolute time whose limit is never reached. Infinite: a immeasurable quantity of a substance, immaterial or otherwise. As such, infinite wealth cannot be wished for, but a means to produce infinite wealth can be wished for. Wealth: an amount of possessions, immaterial, material, accounted for, unaccounted for, that possesses value to individuals other than the "Wisher". World: defines the celestial body upon which the "Wisher" is closest to and is most influenced by the gravitational field generated by the celestial body. If both conditions are not met simultaneously, the "World" is defined as the prior celestial body that fulfilled both requirements. The two entitled wishes of the "Wisher" are as follows: 1. The "Wisher" is to seem irresistible to the "Wisher" 's preferred sex without the "Genie" making alterations to the sex or the sexual orientation of any persons as of the granting of this wish, by reversing the natural ageing process at a nominal rate of one second per second, where both "second"s are in the same relativistic time frame, by being eternally comprised of, by weight, 2% living natural human body fat produced by the "Wisher" and 60% living natural human muscle mass produced by the "Wisher", by possessing attributes and traits that are deemed attractive to individuals that the "Wisher" is interacting with at that instant in time, by repeatedly scoring over 200 on spontaneous IQ tests and various other methods of determining the intelligence of an individual. 2. The personal wealth of the "Wisher" must constantly be between the personal wealth of the World's wealthiest individual and the World's third wealthiest individual. All legal affairs concerning this document must contact and include in any discussion the original "Wisher", "Genie", and Mr. Humphrey Jones, the drafter of the document. Signatures ---------------------------------- I handed the papers over to the Genie and Joe. After careful consideration, the Genie signed, and so did Joe. The Genie winked at me, and addressed Joe: "Have you ever wanted to visit Mars?" I met up with the Genie later for drinks and a game of pool. He seemed like a nice guy. Unfortunately, he left a briefcase full of money behind. I'll return it to him when I can find some money to put in it. Edit: formatting is a pain 