
A flash of light, and then darkness. The light seemed to have have blinded me, and I raise my hand to block out the source. I hear a gasp and then the sound of something hitting the ground before me. "Ah god that hurt." A new language, intriguing. My vision begins to return as I look down upon a man in strange fibers, some sort of device around his neck, currently sprawled on his back. From above I see more beings, 2 females and another male. All adorned in clothing of the same make, all with these strange devices. "How did you get here? I thought this tomb was sealed. Are you some local who decided to spook us, huh? Well you had your fun run along now." The man began to rise, a look of contempt on his face. His words directed at me it would seem. "I'm ruling over my domain. You interrupted me, not the other way around." I rise from my throne and walk over to the man. The leader of this cadre apparently. "Now I would suggest adopting a new tone when speaking to your master." I squint and inspect the man. Middle aged, graying hair and fat. The ones above were more athletic, the workers of the group. "That's a strange accent, haven't heard it from any of the locals. No matter, you're coming with me. The authorities will have a lot to say about someone trespassing on a holy site!" The man reached as if to grasp my wrist and lead me somewhere. I moved my arm as a counter, grabbed his wrist and crushed it. The scream of pain was primal; nostalgic. "What the hell! You aren't human! What are you?" His look of absolute terror was a welcome sight. "The one they built this holy site around. Pharaoh Asek Phiritep, the Voice of the Sand and the Master of the Oasis. I have ruled since time ran and will rule after it runs out. You are a mere insect lucky enough to bask in my shadow! The thought that you should be allowed to touch me makes me sick." I look up at the 4 workers, "You all stay up there. I don't wish for more filth upon my hallowed chambers." The leader began stepping back at this point, hitting the wall. "But you were imprisoned alive for murdering your people! You were a monster." "Those were not my people. Weak peasants whose only purpose was to serve me. I needed their deaths to sustain my life. You would not murder the shepherd for culling the sheep would you?" I step forward until I was just below the workers. "Throw down a line of rope. I wish to see my kingdom once more." The workers began fulfilling my demand. They've been trained well at the very least. The leader pulled another strange mechanism from his side and pointed it at. He pulled some lever from the back, and they cylinder shifted with a click. "You aren't prepared for the modern day. Our capabilities would make you weep. I'm gonna be famous after I tell the world I found the corpse of you." He pulled some sort of trigger and the mechanism exploded, hot iron piercing my flesh. "How intriguing? A more powerful, more compact bow? I shall take it. And you say there are more out there, in my kingdom?" I walk over and take the device. The leader doesn't struggle. I pointed the device at him and replicated his actions. The iron pierced his skull and he fell limp to the ground, dead. The workers screamed. "I don't recall giving you permission to make noise. Hurry with the rope." For the first time in 1000 years I smiled. The rope fell into my tomb and I climbed. Looking upon my kingdom again brought forth another smile. The hot sand beneath my feet sent me back to my glory days. I shall reign once more, expanding my kingdom until it encompasses all. Never again shall I be buried, forced to live in the dark. No. From now on I shall live in the light. "Which way to the Oasis?" The workers pointed in unison to the North. They shall make fine slaves in the new world. "Then let's go forth shall we? You all will be my guides, teaching me of what has come to pass while I've been away." I began my coronation march home. 