
I walked down the dimly lit prison corridor, my shoes clacking along the linoleum as I went. Dirty faces of prisoners, stuffed into tiny sells like canned sardines, stared out at me pleadingly. "Please, mister." A frail-looking woman begged. I saw her bloodshot eyes and rotting teeth and frowned. "Not today." I replied and kept moving. They knew me well here in the purgatory of cell-block D, where they kept those sentenced to life in prison. A much harsher sentence than it had been a few centuries ago. The Angel of Death, they called me. With me, I brought the antidote. The cure to immortality. The holy grail that had fascinated and eluded humankind since the dawn of our existence. For as long as we have existed we've sought to remove the dark cloud of death hanging over our heads. We romanticized the notion of living forever without taking a practical look at the consequences. Once we could avert death, we never stopped to ask ourselves if we should. We could change the physiology of our anatomy, but we couldn't change our nature. Immortality had not given us a change of heart. We had never lived in harmony and peace with one another, and that did not change with the discovery of the AA-X8 vaccine. In fact, the inability to die had only made it worse. Upon the realization that their enemies could not be killed, the rules of war changed. Defeated armies became prisoners of war. Taken territories were enslaved and imprisoned. Overpopulation became rampant to the point where governments enforced mandatory vasectomies and hysterectomoes at the age of puberty. Overpopulation led to global environmental destruction. Now, much of the population lived in overcrowded poverty or imprisonment and not even death could release them from their miserable fates. I stopped outside of a cell at the end of the hall. Its many occupants looked at me through the bars with hope in their eyes. "772361, you are this month's lottery winner. Your sentence has been pardoned." I said to the crowd of malnourished faces. The idea of death used to be a punishment; now it was a reward. It was almost kind of funny when you really thought about it. A disheveled young face came forward and pressed himself against the bars. He couldn't have been more than 15 when he had gotten the AA-X8. "How long have you been here?" I asked. "Thirty-five years. Treason, for protesting the treatment of the PoWs." His young face was screwed up and bitter, like he'd been the brunt of a bad joke. I suppose he was. Sentenced to life in prison for speaking out against the Government. Protesting cruelty had resulted in the cruelty extended onto him. "Arm," I instructed. I pulled a small black hypodermic needle from my jacket pocket. Unfortunately, he wasn't the first I had released from such a minor sentence. Nor would he be the last. He stuck his arm through the gap between the bars and looked into my eyes defiantly. "Any last words?" I asked. "Everlasting life means endless suffering. Immortality is a prison. Death is freedom. May my death be kinder than my life has been." I stuck the needle into his vein and triggered the antidote. His eyes rolled back into his young skull and he began to seize. The other inmates watched in jealous fascination as his chest became still. 