
Dudley peered out the window at the guest on the porch. He was tall and lean, with thick round glasses pushed back gently against his nose. His black hair was receding slightly on his forehead, no longer covering the etched lightning scar on his forehead. "Christ," whispered Dudley. It had been years since he had seen Harry. Decades even. Part of him had believed that Harry had died. But here Harry was, standing on his porch. "Who is it, darling?" Megan was sitting on the couch, eyes fixed on the telly. "It's..." Dudley trailed off. He had never told Megan about Harry. She would never have believed him even if he had. But now, on her 11th birthday... "It's an old friend," Dudley said. "A very old friend." He stepped back from the window and, after taking a deep breath, swung open the door. "Hello Harry." "Hello Dudley." Harry's eyes flicked up and down Dudley for a moment. "It's been a while." Dudley nodded, and motioned for Harry to enter. Harry crossed the threshold, pulling of his dragonskin gloves as he did. "Ah, and you must be Mrs. Dursley," Harry said, and his voice brimmed with warmth. Dudley watched as his cousin strowed to the couch, hand extended. Megan, standing from the couch, smiled. "Darling, this is Harry," said Dudley, nervously twiddling his thumbs. "And how do you know Dudley?" said Megan. Dudley caught her eyes tracing the lightning scar. Harry seemed amused at the question, and he let out a small chuckle. "He's an old friend, dear," Dudley said softly. Harry glanced quickly at Dudley, a smile still flickering. "Yes, yes," he said, grasping Megan's hand. "Dudley and I have quite the history." "Well, what a wonderful surprise," said Megan, beaming at Dudley. "He never brings his old friends 'round!" Dudley did not return her smile. He knew Harry wasn't here to reminisce, nor to meet his wife. Dudley still remembered the letters. "I think Harry is here on business, darling," Dudley said, glancing at the pocket of Harry's long cloak. "Shall I go get her?" Harry nodded. Dudley began towards the stairs. "Business?" Megan queried to no one in particular. Dudley stopped at the base of the stairs. He did not want to explain to her. He did not want to have to tell her about magic. How does one even do such a thing? Harry seemed to have read his mind, because he motioned for Dudley to continue, and turned to Megan. "Has your daughter ever done something that you could not explain?" 