
"Son, I need you to listen." The man with the cigar said, "It's important." Dimitri felt betrayed. When his father walked towards him with a grin on his face and a suit hanging off his arm. Dimitri thought he'd finally be able to prove himself. Finally, show his father he could carry his name. But, now it seemed like once again. He just wasn't enough. "Your cousin, David. He is good for this." "I'm good for this, papa." He said. He thought of the image of the Coyote from the Roadrunner falling from the mountain carrying a little umbrella and a 'help' sign. He was a perpetual screw-up. A man destined to fail. A dying place for aspirations. A graveyard for dreams. *A round of applause for Dimitri Abrankovich, everybody.* He thought dimly. "I will not repeat what I say." His father said, "You will step down." "Please, I can work harder...I-I'll...w-wake up at 5." "Stop it." "I'll wake up at 4!" "Enough." The man with the cigar said. His dominance was subtle yet unquestionable. He wore a Nike tracksuit, a plain black beanie and a face permanently contorted with indifference. He never sat when he spoke. He stood beside the door with his hulking shoulders. He always kept eye contact with whomever he spoke with and he, never, showed them his back. Yet, with his son he always found himself breaking his own cardinal rules. "This is better for you." His father said behind him as he left the room. Dimitri crawled to his bed feeling sorry for himself. The yelp reviews gave him hope. Worse yet they gave him courage. His customers seemed so happy with his new hotel improvements. He remembered the women from Briton. She was so happy when she saw the Hand Stairs he built. He watched as her bare feet slid across the wooden steps. He'd never seen such a genuine smile as she finally found out what it felt like to walk upstairs. Dimitri lifted his useless legs on the bed and covered himself with his sheet. It seemed to him his friends were right about his future. Right about his fate and right about his father. His father couldn't love a cripple. He could only endure one. Tomorrow he would change the sign in front of the Hotel. If it was going to be done. He was the one to do it. ~~Hotel Abrankovich. For the disabled and the unable.~~ 