
I love my wife. And because I love her, when she asked me for one of those stupid watches that tell you the moment you'll meet your soulmate, I went and bought two for us. I didn't expect our times to be different. Hers had the exact moment we met, 6 years, 9 months, 14 days, 3 hours, and 9 minutes ago. I remember that moment so clearly, as I went to pick up the girl I had been talking to online for weeks for our first date. She was stunning, even more than I could have imagined. I knew she was going to be my soulmate, if there even was such a thing, right then, but apparently it was only I that was hers. My watch had 12 days, 8 hours, and 29 minutes left. The love of my life noticed the moment I put the watch on and I saw her face crumple. She was trying not to cry and honestly, I was too. This woman was my everything and I had no doubt she was the only one for me. I told her that she was the light of my world and no one could make me as happy as she did. That she was the only one I would ever want and that whoever the watch thought I should be waiting for couldn't compare to her. That I would never love them as much and didn't care to ever meet them. I was wrong. My wife wasn't angry with me, she knew I loved her with everything I had and she loved me back. We planned how wonderful the rest of our lives would be with our newborn child. We were so excited. With 8 hours and 37 minutes left and the watch forgotten, we rushed to the hospital. A few days past due but my wife was finally in labor and we were giddy. Once we were there, we discovered our baby had gotten the umbilical cord wrapped around their throat and needed an emergency C-section. During the surgery, a nurse came out, calling for me. I hadn't even considered that my wife could get hurt before that. I was so stunned when she told me my wife wouldn't carry our baby home with me, wouldn't fight with me over whose turn it was to take care of them in the middle of the night, wouldn't watch our little one grow up, wouldn't grow old with me. She hadn't made it. My world fell apart. But then they brought me our child. She looked just like her mama and I knew I had to be strong for both of them, for my wife who wanted to be here and for our child who needed me. I named her Lila James, just like her mama wanted. I knew I was going to give this little girl everything I could and that she was my greatest treasure. When Lila started crawling, she found both of the watches under the living room sofa. I looked at mine and realized that 7 months, 6 days, 13 hours, and 8 minutes ago was the most challenging day of my life. I went to the shop to tell them their watches were full of it and they should be ashamed for selling faulty technology full of empty promises. They told me that the watches aren't really a measure for soulmates so much as they are for the person you will love the most. That's when I realized that while my wife was the one and only love of my life, our baby girl was who I loved most. She was the most precious thing I had and all that was left of her mother. I still love my wife, and I adore our Lila James. Now, I wear both of our watches to remind myself of my two greatest blessings. 