
The concept of coins is interesting, really. It's a small disk of metal used as currency, which in turn can be used to get anything else a person needs. That small piece of metal would usually be useless, but we assign it a value. It's only important because we say so. Well, that's not the case for me. My four coins have a bit more to it than that. I never really understood how it worked, but I'm able to appear where these bits of metal are located whenever I want. With a power like this, people would usually go insane. For me? It makes things a lot easier when shopping, going to school, and travelling. Sure, I did lose one a while back. But the three that I have work just fine. Honestly would say it's the most convenient part of my life. Except today. As I attempted to teleport to the home coin as usual, I was met with a cold room, three people, and two guns pointed towards my face. The room was oblong, and was empty save for the table, chairs, and a single window. "Keep your hands where I can see them," snarled the man in the middle. Of course, most people would like to imagine themselves as badasses that would Kung Fu their ways out of such situations. Not me. So I panicked. I tried teleporting to my school coin, only to be met by the same people except in a different chair. The man in the middle gave me a coy smile while the other two guards had their barrels still pointed straight at my forehead. Well then. "Wh-what do you want from me?" I stuttered. Looking around the room, I could see the third coin in a chair across from me, while the first one was directly to my left. There was no escape - except... "Listen" the man stated. "I'll give you two options, plain and simple. Your ability is useful, but also a threat. You have one second to join us, or die." I closed my eyes and tried to teleport to the fourth coin - the only chance I had. And when I opened them again, I was right back where I started, in the middle of the meeting room. "Open fire." And I panicked again. In fact, I felt like I was warping around the room as the bullets streaked past me - and then I realized. The guards couldn't hit me - I was teleporting around too fast. After the next teleportation, the magazines of the enemy clicked empty. I ducked under the table, grabbing the nearest coin with me. With nowhere to turn, I chucked the coin out the window. As the magazines of the guns clicked shut again, I turned to see the barrels point under the table. I appeared in the middle of a snowy wood, lying on the ground. I felt my arms and legs. No blood. I was still whole. I grabbed the coin on the ground next to me, feeling the cool metal in my hand. Somebody was after me, and wanted me dead. People were after me and wanted me dead. But if they wanted me dead, I wasn't just going to sit there and die. There was no time to freak out. I turned around to see the building doors behind me open, revealing the two guards and their menacing weaponry. I flipped the coin in my hand again. Come get some. 