
"Why can't you find him?" Sharon tapped the side of her mug with a dull *clink-clink.* "You've been an invaluable asset to the team so far." "Mind Mage is different," Jacob said. A savory mouthful of sausage and eggs lit up his taste centers like fireworks. "I don't think that being a super villain is their biggest secret." His contact in the police task force grimaced, scratching the tip of her petite nose. "Why?" The symphony of honks and beeps slowly cruising down fifth avenue derailed Jacob's thoughts. How best to answer? "I can't just look at someone and have a sentence appear saying 'Mind Mage here, come arrest me.' It's not that simple. It's more like...I get a feeling, a premonition of what they most don't want people to know." Sharon stirred her coffee, adjusting her sharp uniform with a moan of frustration. "And the few times you've seen Mind Mage in person?" "It's a garbled signature. Something to do with lilacs in autumn, or the scent of freshly peeled pomegranates." She jotted that down. "Even that's helpful. So you don't think th-" *Boom!* The tinkling of glass brought Jacob back to reality as he slowly peeled himself off the dirty sidewalk. Two supers were tussling outside and close to bringing down half the avenue shops, it seemed. Sharon crawled towards him, whimpering in pain as she clutched her head. "Are you okay?" Her feeble voice made him want to shout at the unfairness of it all. He was fine, but her...there was so much blood! He almost rushed to get help when he saw a shattered mirror on the ground. The reflection of those usual blonde locks seemed *different* in a way that he couldn't quite put a finger on. Powers flicked on like a switch in his brain, telling him his own biggest secret. *I am Mind Mage.* The lock he'd put on his own memories shattered like chains of paper in a typhoon. Holding a hand to Sharon's head, he let power seep from scarred palms. Palms burnt in his fight against Bullion. He touched the other scar on his arm, the one he thought he'd gotten when he slipped as a kid. That was a knife wound from Halberd. Sharon seemed to rouse under the healing command. "How?" She asked over the ringing clang of supers duking it out in the middle of New York City. *Modify*, he thought, adding a memory command to the energy flow. She slumped into a painless sleep. He'd erase her memory and replace it with an edited event of what happened. Although they fell on opposite sides of this war, the Mind Mage quite enjoyed her company, this game of cat and mouse, matching wits in the light and exchanging shots in the night. It wouldn't do for her to die on him now. The Mind Mage knew that he would have to erase his own memory the next morning after going about his usual business. Keeping up two personalities was exhausting. His first life had a job, a budding romance with a detective that swore to hunt down and kill him...normal things. His second life began when he looked into the mirror before going sleep, and ended when dawn chased him home. *Boom!* A second explosion rocked the area. He groaned. Swift movements showed not a single trace of hesitation as he stepped out towards the maelstrom of fighting, arms cocked in preparation for rapid-fire command seals. "Boys, you *really* can't keep doing this in broad daylight. People could get hurt. *Sleep.*" --- Thanks for reading! Feedback would be awesome~ come hang out with me at [/r/Remyxed](https://www.reddit.com/r/Remyxed/), we'd love to see you there :) 