
The guy looked like an absolute *ass*. That was just my first impression, all right? He definitely didn't fit in around here. The village was small and grungy, but he was all blond and suave, like he'd just arrived from some big city somewhere. And he kept looking around, all shifty-like. Like he was up to something. No, I didn't trust him. So I watched. I watched, in fact, eyebrow raised, as he waltzed on over to the log palisade surrounding the village. It was well behind the houses and shops, where no one else would be around to spy. The blond asshole smacked his head *straight into the wall*, casual as could be. His feet kicked, like he was jumping, or trying to walk. The urge to look away was rising, hot and fast. There was something wrong. There must be something wrong with *him*. I shouldn't be looking, I shouldn't be watching He was punching the wall, ignoring the bruises rising on his knuckles. It didn't make any sense. But I couldn't look away. I could only stare, eyes wide, as he casually dropped something clutched in his hand. It glinted as it fell. And suddenly the ground around him was filled with glimmering, brilliantly colorful gemstones. I gaped. Every bit as casually as he had walked over, he scooped them all into his bag. And then he swaggered right out the nearby gate and vanished into the forest. I could only stand for a long moment, staring at where he'd been. That was crazy. *I* must be crazy. No, I was dreaming. That was it - there was no other explanation. I tried to convince myself of that, as I went about the rest of my day. But it itched at me. Something was *wrong* with that scene. I couldn't take it anymore. And so I found myself at that lonely stretch of wall, well after everyone else had gone to their beds for the night and clutching a gold necklace pilfered from...well, don't ask where I got it. I *had a necklace*. Taking a deep breath and trying not to think about how stupid I was going to look in a few moments, I slammed my head into the wall. A minute and a great deal of embarassment later, I clapped my hand over my mouth to keep from yelping in shock. I was now ankle-deep in necklaces. Someone was moving nearby. A guard? Someone else out for a late-night jaunt? Had they heard me? I didn't know, and it didn't matter. There was no way in hell I could get caught with a pile of necklaces all eerily similar to one that was soon-to-be reported missing. But I'd come prepared. The sack I carried was full when I scampered back to my ramshackle little hut. And when the merchants came the next week, I suddenly found myself a much richer man. The thoughts raced in my head. This village was *special*. I could make a difference here, become quite weal-I mean, I could make this *village* quite wealthy. So long as I didn't get caught. If someone like me started showing up with bags of gold, people were going to start asking questions. What was the most valuable thing in the village? I found the question irresistable, suddenly. And then it occured to me that there was a mage, just outside of town. He didn't associate with us much, but he *did* have all sorts of odd valuables tucked into nooks and crannies. Surely he wouldn't miss just a few little baubles. I'd even put the originals back, after I was done. Sliding the little bag of gold I'd earned under my bed, I lay back. And smiled. (/r/Inorai, critiques always welcome!) 