
"Everyone, please heel and sit." The reverend casually sniffed the butts of the other clergy in attendance while waiting for the barking to stop. He wouldn't get complete quiet for today's final prayer. The protestors were always worse this time of year. "Thank you for being here today, and may many ear scratches be upon you." "And also upon you," came the rumbling reply from the two hundred good boys in attendance. "On this day, we give thanks to the generosity of the Masters, who so nobly defended us, protected us, cared for and fed us. Let us bow our heads in thanks." A few of the puppies were rough housing in the back corner, but their mom smacked them with a paw to quiet them down. The reverend smiled. He was glad his litter had shown up in such great numbers for this Wimpering Day. It was nice to know that some still kept the faith. But the silence of moment was broken by scratching at the back doors. Dozens of angry claws trying to get in. He growled despite himself. His peaceful litter would be harassed all the way back to their homes today. The reverend simply couldn't understand the disbeliever's anger. What harm came from using parables about the Masters as a moral guide? Why was it problematic that his litter might take comfort and find strength from believing in something larger than themselves? Not everyone believed, and that was perfectly fine and colored the world with beauty, but why waste your energy hating others for their faith in Man? He couldn't let the prayer go on forever. "Thank you. May your bowls be full, may your tongues hang out, and may your tails wag until we meet again. Go forth in the Master's love." The litter stood and turned, but many close to the door were whining softly, unwilling to be the first to face the pack outside. The reverend didn't blame them. Their faith would be tested today. But part of letting your pups grow is allowing them to face struggles on their own. The best of the Masters had known this. Finally a family of dobermans opened the doors, and the shouting became deafening. "Fools! There are no Masters! There never were Masters!" "You think an all-benevolent Master will feed you and love you? Why don't you join the real world!" "How dare you teach your pups to worship this make-believe nonsense!" The reverend watched as his litter slowly and timidly filed past the angry pack, and he said one last prayer to the Masters. That they, wherever they had gone, would comfort the scared and shaking, the loving and the loyal good boys who still missed them. -------------------- 23/365 one story per day for a year. read them all at [r/babyshoesalesman](https://www.reddit.com/r/babyshoesalesman) --------------------- [Listen to Dogciety](https://soundcloud.com/mellowout-192946376/dogciety-by-babyshoesalesman) as narrated by u/narrate4u next day edit: thrilled at the response this received, glad y'all enjoyed :) cheers 