
They call me, Gorowak, or at least that's the sound I understood. I don't speak their language, not even after being stranded here for a little over ten years. My judgement of time is equally questionable because the day and night cycles are odd. I tried measuring it once, out of sheer boredom I sat and counted the seconds of daylight versus the seconds of night. I found that the day was twice as long as the night, and stretched over eighteen hours. It makes it hard for me to judge Earth years, but having seen my reflection recently, I would say ten years was a conservative estimate. The natives have an alligator-like texture to their skin, completely black and I would imagine hard, but I've yet to touch one. They speak openly like humans would, although the words and sounds they make come in harsh, barking tones. I attribute their speech patterns to the thinness of their tongues, which sits like a slither of light in their dark tooth-lined mouthes. I felt that it was my right to name the people of this lonely planet, and thus I dubbed them Barkers. I've been hiding ever since I first arrived. And, at this point, I only have myself to blame for the planet's obsession with me. The first group of natives to see me were not the last. I instinctively ran from them and found refuge inside a cave system. I would later discover that the Barkers feared it. The cave has these mushroom-like plants which grew on every surface, including the ceiling. To me, they were the only apparent source of food - other than the natives. The plants were bright red and dangerous looking, and my father always said that the scarier a mushroom looked, the less poisonous it would be, likening them to men with oversized cars, and something to do with compensating for one thing, or another. I didn't eat the plants, despite the groans of my stomach. I wanted to see what the Barkers thought of them. So, on my second evening, I harvested as many of them as I could carry and left the sanctuary of the cave. I found a nearby well-trodden path - a mixture of the sandy terrain and compacted dirt - and I deposited a pile of the mushrooms smack in the middle. The next day, I watched from the lip of the cave as the Barkers veered violently around the path. Perhaps they had a keener sense of smell than I, or maybe they just knew they weren't supposed to go near those alarmingly red mushrooms. They treated them like I would have treated nuclear waste, and that well trodden-path soon became abandoned. That was how I survived, not by eating the exotic plants, but by using them to clear areas of interest. Places like small open lakes, and although the water was puss-coloured, it tasted just fine. I also cleared out small villages and found that the Barkers would bury their food, which I could pillage and use to survive. I became known as, Gorowak, and I became a fixation of the natives. Perhaps, it was because I looked alien to them, or that I wore a necklace of those red mushrooms, or maybe it was a combination of the two. Either way, we managed to co-exist sheerly from them avoiding me. That was until I watched one of them eat a red mushroom. --- /r/WrittenThought 