
The first planet was ominous. A sign that what we had was fleeting. It put our toils and our worries into perspective. as we colonized their world and learned their history we were no step closer to understand why they had unleashed their own sun against their world. &#x200B; The second planet was worrying. The third was startling. The fifteenth was barely a footnote. The galaxy was a graveyard of species that had traversed the void between the stars and left their mark before retreating to their home world which was subsequently scoured of all life. Sometimes the method was biological, sometimes a swarm of nanobots. Most of the time it was simple nuclear fire. The only thing they had in common was that they each left behind a large monument on their moons. The monuments were large, each different from the last and each had something inscribed upon them. &#x200B; It took centuries to analyze the dead languages before we began to understand what stood there. They were mathematical equations. Complex, heavy equations of the kind that took scientists generations to even understand the basic fundamentals. They described in detail the inner workings of the universe. A working theory of everything, backed up by hard unflinching math. Centuries went by and we only found more monuments and more dead worlds. we found wreckages of ships in orbit, millions of years old, younger than they original inhabitants. We were not the first to explore and find these dead worlds. Scientists worked their entire lives uncovering the secrets of the universe until we at last had the final discovery. The final discovery drained us. After centuries of exploration we did what was anathema to the human spirit. We sat down. &#x200B; I'm sorry, thats' not true. we built the monument that now covers half the moon. Then we sat down. While most other races ruined their planets by burning the air or destroying all life, human kind just decided to sit down and wait it out. fertility plummeted and within a couple of decades there were no longer children running in the street. Everything went into maintenance. Nobody built anything, we relived the glories of the past and shared stories, waiting for the inevitable end of the world. I'm one of the last ones left. If you're reading this, you came after us and found this message. You're probably wondering what the final discovery is and i don't blame you. But it is folly, the final discovery must be earned. You can choose not to discover it. Every race that has uncovered it has committed suicide so far. You won't believe you are the same. You'll follow in our footsteps and uncover the mysteries of the universe until it kills you. And really, that's fine. It was quite a ride. 