
Dwight narrating. Camera showing Dwight at his desk stretching his neck and arms. "Today, I, Dwight Schrute, will be doing THE impossible. I've been working on this account for 5 years now. Each time, inching closer to the greatest achievement of my life. Dwight pulls out a large binder filled with various color coded tabs. He flips through them showing headshots of Ron Swanson, Leslie Knope, and various other workers in the Pawnee Parks Department. Camera then shows Dwight doing more vigorous stretching in the break room at the discomfort of various co-workers. Stretching his legs on chairs or bending over, placing his crotch and butt in different peoples faces on accident. "5 years of calls, mailers, Facebook friend requests, LinkedIn connections, I even went back and collected each worker's original myspace page. Turns out Mrs. Knope was quite the Salt and Pepa fan" Dwight pulls up an old myspace page with a young leslie knope's face with animated Salt and Pepa gifs dancing in the background of the page while it plays "Push it". Dwight then cracks his knuckles and picks up the phone and dials it. Ron Swanson picks up the phone. "What?" he asks. Dwight then puts on a fake, burly voice. "Hello my name is," He pauses for a moment. "Bob. I was given this number to someone who might be rather useful with some woodworking." Ron leans back in his chair. "Well Bob whoever told you that is correct. But why are you calling my office, and who the hell told you my name." Dwight flips through his binder to find the right name. "Uh, um Mr. Andy Dwyer. He's my uncle's friends brother's second niece's former roommate. This is the number he provided." Ron leans back in his chair. "Huh." "So what sort of woodworking do you need help with?" Dwight mutes the phone, looking at the camera. "Oh, I got 'em now." Giving an uncomfortable wink to the camera. "Well you see, I was looking for some advice on what to do with this lumber I have. I've been needing to convey a message and I have ink, but, well gosh dolly darn I just have no way of writing that message down. I was thinking there was something I could do with the wood, but gosh I just can't figure it out." "Wood burning" Ron replies simply. "Wo-wood burning?" Dwight responds, confused. "Yeah, fire, wood, write it out on that, give someone the wood." "I-is there anything else you could think of that would work?" There is a palpable pause in the conversation. "There is literally nothing else I can think of, of how to use wood outside of burning it for fire to cook your recently caught buck, building your own house, or wood burning to send a message." Dwight frantically flips through his binder. "Uh, um what about, um what about paper!? Paper comes from wood." "Eh" Ron said. "I hate paper. Too flimsy, can't stand on its own. At least with wood burning I can smack a hippie over the head with it." Dwight turns around biting his fist attempting not to scream at the thought of someone hating paper. "Well maybe your office could use the paper?" He stammers out. "Tell ya what" Ron says. "Why don't you send me that wood, I can turn it into paper for you, and I'll sell it back to you at a damn good price." "Dwight imminently responds. "Yes! It's a deal." Ron smirks at his desk. "Deal." He says and hangs up the phone. Dwight slams the phone down and stands up in excitement with his arms in the air in celebration. Dwight turns to the camera. "Now that's how you close a deal with Pawnee!" He marches out of the office in triumph unaware of his self being tricked. Ron places the phone down on the receiver and opens a drawer with a small leather bound notebook. He opens it up to a list. At the top it reads, "Dwight Schrute's Fake Names". Going down there are the names: Ralph Joe Ned Archduke Dunder von Mifflin Rev. Torry Daniels Head Foreman Munder Difflin The ghost of Stonewall Jackson He then adds the name "Bob" to the list. He chuckles as he goes back to work. 