
I coughed as the grey fog engulfed me, the mist rolling and swirling, filling my lungs with its alien scent. "Apologies," said Death, "I'm trying to kick a bad habit." He gave his vaporiser a mournful glance, before disappearing it within the endless folds of his black cloak. Together we walked along a freeway, eight lanes of empty concrete that, as far as I could tell, ran endlessly to and past the horizon. There were no cars in sight, and their absence weighed on me. A road like this shouldn't be so quiet, so peaceful--it should be loud and bustling, full of people moving from A to be B. "Why a freeway?" I asked. "A freeway?" Death answered. "Yeah, a freeway. You know, the thing we're walking on right now." "Oh. We all see something different on the final journey." "What do you see?" Death turned away, sockets staring into the empty plain around us. "Behind me, home. Ahead, the unknown. A gravel path, if you must know, leading into a dark forest." "Where are we going?" "The end." "The end of what? Of me?" "The end," Death repeated simply. "Well aren't you helpful," I shot back, annoyed. "I like to think so," he responded, and there was a finality to his tone that made me think silence was probably a good idea. We continued walking. And walking. And walking. Hours, it felt like. Days. Weeks. Or seconds, maybe. In the end, I had to talk, to fill the silence. "What's the scythe for?" I finally asked. He threw a sidelong glance at me. "Protection," he said, and for the first time his words were wrung with emotion. He was nervous, I realised, and it seemed it was contagious, for this realisation made me worried as well. Whatever could scare Death itself should, and did, scare the crap out of me. "From what?!" "Hooligans," he replied, speaking the word quietly, almost reverently, like he was afraid that merely speaking it aloud would summon them. "Hooligans?" I asked, brief fear turning to confusion. "Hooligans," he affirmed. "What?" "There are three truths in this universe," Death said, his tone lowering, seeming wise. "Life, me, and... hooligans." "You're kidding." "I hate kidding. It's always tragic when a child passes before their time. Adulting is better, old-peopleing is best." He stopped suddenly, holding his scythe up in both hands, like he was preparing to strike. He spun around, crouching down and searching for something in the endless expanse around us, and try as I might I couldn't see what had caught his eye. "Shit," he whispered. "Shit, shit, *shit*." "What?" "Get down man, get on the ground!" I complied, dropping as low as I could. "Oh god!" he called out, "Oh no, they're everywhere!" He screamed then, a blood curdling cry that chilled me to the core, and I couldn't help but add my own shriek to his. Then he stopped just as suddenly as he'd started, and began laughing. I lifted my hands from where they'd been curled around my head, and looked at him. He pointed at me. "Oh man! You should have seen your face. Ha!" "The hell!?" "Oh come on," he said, "it's funny. Hooligans, God. Your generation cracks me up." "You scared the shit out of me!" "Well, you need to lighten up. Gee man, you're dead, ok, everything's over now. All your worries and concerns, fears, whatever--it doesn't matter anymore. You can just chill now, and enjoy the ride." "So what's the scythe for then?" "Hmm? Oh, that." Death held the scythe out, examining it thoughtfully. "Um, well, once upon a time there was a farmer, and that farmer, being a farmer, used a farming tool called a scythe. I'm the farmer, obviously, and I guess I kept it as a kind of anchor, something to remind me of home. By the way, a scythe is a *terrible* weapon--did me absolutely no good at my own little end." "What happened?" "I walked into the forest. Turns out better for some than others, I'm afraid." "Oh." "Man, the guys are gonna love this. Hooligans, ha!" Death chortled. I shook my head. "I don't think I like you very much." Death's mirth faded away, and he sighed, a constant hiss of air that whistled through the fleshless bones that made up his jaw. "Not many do, not many do." 