
"Don't ask questions, Charlie. If I could do it myself, I would, but I need you to find out where this person is," Greg placed a printed copy of a sketchy looking website on his coffee table, highlighting the content creator. I looked at the paper and back at him incredulously for a moment, sitting on his L shaped couch made from the finest leather I'd ever felt. "You want me to find DreamGirl779?" "I said no questions." I bit my lip, wanting to give him some word venom, but our consistent arguing never went anywhere anyways. "All of the information you need is there," he snapped. Something about his tone was more demanding than usual. His voice almost sounded unnatural, like it was void of any emotion, it made the hairs on the back of my neck stand up. "You mind giving me some money up front this time before I do this?" "You don't need the money, right now," his voice was chilling, somewhere between a whisper and an indoor voice. "All right I think I'm going to head out then, good luck doing this yourself," I stood up out of his couch and made my way to the door of his 52nd floor New York penthouse. He blocked my path. He gave me a wide eyed leer, and his eyes which were brown, looked a shade darker, *black*. "Charlie, you're the best in the biz, I need you on this. If it's money you need right now, that's fine, we'll make that happen. How long have we known each other? Seven years? Eight maybe?" "It's been a while," I muttered. "We've worked together well on projects. Look at how the last one turned out." "That's because it was business. Something tells me this isn't related to the office." "It's not. You're right," he stated, the two of us stood in an eerily quiet silence. "Greg, look I'll do it, I accept, you can pay me after the fact. But you mind letting me go home for the night? We'll pick back up on this to-" "No. You're going to use my computer, and you're going to find this information out tonight. I can have the money ready for you when you're done." "Are you serious it's like 10PM? I wanna go home." "Charlie," his voice lowered to a grave tone. "I don't want any trouble. I'm sure you don't either. Let's get me that information and you won't have to see me again for a while. How about that?" His glare was paralyzing. I noticed he put his hand in his pocket and gripped something. Sweat began to form on my forehead and I slowly pushed my glasses closer to my eyes. My heart was racing, *but why? Why do I feel endangered? I've worked with him for years, he's always been so charming and confident.* "Alright. I'll find out for you, we-we-e'll help each other out. I-I-I'll get paid, you'll get your information, and then you'll never ask me for another favor like this again. Okay? We're clear on this?" "Crystal clear." he slowly nodded and ushered me back into his open spaced living room. Hand me your phone. I don't want any distractions for you while you're working. I'll throw in a few hundred extra for the trouble. Your total is around... Ten grand. Sound good, ole pal?" "S-s-sure." *I've got to get out of here.* r/randallcooper If you're interested, here's [part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/randallcooper/comments/g03qmi/wp_youve_always_known_that_youre_a_psychopath_one/)! :) 