
The battlefield was a dangerous place for most demons. The Angels fighting in the Celestial War were armed with silver swords and arrows of sunlight, instant death for any creature of Satan. In the conflict for dominion over Earth, thousands of Hell's soldiers had fallen to these weapons. But this didn't bother M'hyirut. He was not some rank-and-file abbyssal, sent to the front line with no hope of return. He was the Swift Demon. The Morningstar had given him unrivalled speed, the ability to move so fast that the world seemed to slow to a crawl around him. The Angels could fire arrows. They could cut at his blurred outline with their terrible sabres. M'hyirut strolled through the battleground as if it was a garden, and everywhere he went, celestial beings fell to the earth, bleeding golden ichor from a thousand wounds inflicted faster than they could blink or cry in pain. The battle was going well. The Angels had tried to push forward initially, forming a battle line across the fiery sky, but they were soon flooded by a crawling, boiling flood of condemned souls. Slowly, inch by inch, they were beaten back, till the retreat was sounded. A single unit guarded the fleeing forces, a condemned last stand, a wall of blooded shields and bitter spears. In the middle of this phalanx, M'hyirut spotted a familiar face. Flowing white hair. One eye. A blade with golden edges. Gabriel. M'hyirut roared in exertion, forcing himself to even greater speed. His wings of black smoke carried him upwards towards the Archangel, jagged blade raised and ready for the lethal strike. Gabriel might be a fearsome warrior, but he couldn't defend an attack he never saw coming. The Morningstar would reward him well for- Something crashed into M'hyirut's back, sending him careening through the sky. He crashed downwards, desperately beating the air with his wings to arrest his downwards momentum. He looked around, looking for the attacker. Everything around practically stopped as he focused, searching, searching... Behind him! Only blind luck saved him. He flipped to the side, narrowly avoiding a cut which would have parted his head from his body. A quick beat of black wings gave him a safe distance. He regarded this new foe in amazement. It was an angel, no doubt, but one he had never seen before. His wings were not the usual white-grey of the celestial soldiers, nor the gold and silver of the Archangel commanders. They were translucent and azure, shading the world beyond them with a bluish haze. Litanies and incantations glowed within them, engraved into the arcane mass. His handsome face was confused and troubled. "What are you, foul abberation?" the celestial cried. "My power over time is absolute, yet you move as if unaffected." "I am M'hyirut, the Speed Demon. And I could say the same thing. Who are *you*, Angel?" "M'hyirut... I know who you are." He swung his blade in a hissing arc, cutting an arrow moving sluggishly by in half. "I am Azakel. The Angel of Time. My powers were given by the Lord himself." "And I was gifted mine by the Morningstar, in person." M'hyirut responded. "Poetic, almost, that you will die at my blade. Azakel smiled grimly. There was no fear in his gaze. "Truly this is the will of the One. The Speed Demon and the Angel of Time will meet upon the battlefield. Let us see who truly dominates the fourth dimension: The Lord? Or The Morningstar?." He charged forwards, reality buckling under his wings. M'hyirut beat the air and met him upon the blooded sky. There was no escaping this battle. None could ever tell what happened, even as the millions of teeming demons and angels looked upon the black-blue flash which split the skies for a second, and then was gone. This is my second WP, please don't rip me a new one, I know I suck. 