
Sam was hunched in his seat, staring into the cup of tea to try and avoid the topic at hand. He'd never liked talking about himself, and before, he'd never have to. But when you have superpowers, you don't get to hide in the background anymore. "Ask me anything you'd like, Sam." Electro was a kind old man; you'd never know his past and some of the terrors it held. His eyes were gentle, and I'd never seen so much as a spark come from him before. "Well- well, I do have one, I guess." "Shoot." "How... I guess, how do I make sure that I, uh, don't mess up with my powers or anything? Cause, you know, I make a lot of mistakes." Electro smiled. "You're trying to ask, 'how do I make sure I don't turn into a villain', right?" Sam blushed, ruffling his hair. "Well, I don't mean it in a bad way. You seem like a great person, now. I've always liked you." "No, it's a valid question, and villainy *is* a bad thing. The fact that you're asking about it shows how thoughtful and kind you are. "What I would say is this: the line between being a villain and being a hero is a tightrope every person must walk. Take Magnus, for example." "He killed an entire mob organization once, right?" "Indeed he did. He took action on his own, and while a few of those deaths were self-defense, he was strong enough to take them out without it being a slaughter. He may have killed bad people, but in doing so, he performed an act of evil." "How is it that bad if he killed bad guys, though?" Electro breathed deep. "What's the difference between a hero and a villain?" Sam blinked a few times. "Well, villains do bad things, like hurt innocent people, and heroes help instead of hurt." "Don't you think that creates incongruous grey area?" "What do you mean?" "Well, Magnus hurt a lot of people. Not just those he killed, but their children, and mothers, many of whom were not bad people. Who are we to judge the goodness of a person and act on that impulse?" Sam was deep in thought, offering no response. "I say the line between good and evil is simple, Sam. Evil is thinking your views are the one valid answer to life's questions, and acting upon them. Maybe sometimes, you're right, and you help. Maybe, sometimes, you hurt, instead. "Goodness is keeping an open mind and heart, doing the best you can to find a solution that causes the least pain for everyone involved. To let justice come as a group effort, rather than an opinion. To set an example that doing bad things isn't okay, no matter the justification, because otherwise you invite people to make their own." ---- */r/resonatingfury* 