
"So, what do I do?! They'll be here any minute!" One of my friends had tipped me off that tonight was the night, and it was already ten PM. And we hadn't even started on putting down toy race cars in the atrium for them to slip on! Macaulay Culkin didn't even look at me. He was just laying on my couch with a half-empty bottle of whiskey balanced on his chest. Each breath made little waves in the booze, and every once and a while he would unscrew the cap and take a sloppy swig that spilled amber liquid all over my cushions. But he just kept staring at the ceiling. "How the fuck should I know?" he finally said, slurring a bit. "You think I wrote the stupid script? I was eight, for fuck's sake!" "But you... you're the Home Alone guy!" That was the sole reason that I'd hired him, although I *may* have led his agent to believe that this was actually an acting gig. In one sense, it was: he was reprising his most famous role. In every other sense, it was that I wanted him to help me lay traps in my home. He tried to unscrew the cap of his bottle but ended up spilling a good portion of the booze onto the floor on the process. For a second it looked like he was desperate enough to lick it up like a dog. Then he realized that at least there was still enough left in the bottom to maintain his buzz. "That movie has so many fucking plotholes so big that you could drive a truck through them. I mean, how long does it take to fix a phone, huh? And there was *no one else* that the family could call besides the neighbors and the cops? They only know like six people in town? And *every single one* was traveling? Is this place a ghost town over Christmas? Kevin McCallister didn't have any fucking *friends* from school that he could go stay with?!" He took another sip of booze. "I dunno. Why don't *you* just call the fucking cops or something?" Macaulay growled. "That..." I mean, I honestly hadn't really thought about it. As soon as I learned that I was going to be robbed, I immediately went to the hardware store to stock up on cans of paint, then directly to the pet shop for a tarantula. "I mean, I guess I could do that... but how is that any fun? Don't you want to cover them in feathers or something?" Our conversation was interrupted by the sound of the door in the kitchen creaking open. *Damn, I didn't even boobie trap that!* I thought to myself. I mean, I could have just locked it, but then they wouldn't get hurt or anything. And I thought we had more time, but Macaulay had shown up at least an hour late. From the empty bottles in his passenger seat and the scratches along the side of his car, I could only assume that someone had tried to carjack him and he'd had to fight them off. What else could it have been? "You know what?" Macauley burst out even as the robbers moved through my kitchen. I could see their flashlights bouncing around in the hallway. "I'm not *just* the Home Alone guy, OK? I've had a big, long, *successful* career! And not just movies, man! I was in a band, did you know *that*? The Pizza Underground. We were the shit, OK?" "They're coming!" I hissed. Footsteps echoed down the hall. "Shouldn't we get to the tree house or something?" A robber came around the corner, gun raised. He pointed the barrel directly at me. "You shouldn't be here, man. This wo..." Then his eyes slid over to Macauley Culkin, who had managed to sit upright... but just so that he could take another drink. "Oh, *fuck*," the robber whispered to himself. I was completely forgotten. "FUCK, MAN!" He shouted to his partner. "We gotta get outta here!" The partner came into the room, and his eyes went wide under the ski mask. "It's the fucking Home Alone guy! Shit, dude, I don't want an iron burning my face off!" Before either of us could react, the robbers took off running out the kitchen door. Macauley threw the bottle of booze after them, shattering it against the wall in the hallway. I assumed he was trying to set a trap so that they'd slip in the booze and fall on the broken glass. A little late, but I still appreciated the effort. "You did it!" I told him. "You Home Alone'd them!" Out of booze, he rose from the couch and headed toward the door. "Just fucking pay me," he muttered. I hastily wrote a check and pressed it into his hand. "Thanks again!" I told him. "And I'll tell everyone that I know. It was just like when you stopped the Wet Bandits!" He shot me one last look of disgust on his way out to the stoop. "Fuck you, man." Then he slammed the door shut. ----- You know the drill: subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of other stories. 