
Since Sarah was Cleopatra, I wished to be her Mark Antony. The way her face sparkled when she smiled, her dimples deepened and I could lose myself in those eyes forever. She walked with such ease, talked with such charm. Didn't she know who she'd been? How she'd ruled and conquered the hearts of men forever? She'd conquered mine now. For what she once was or what she was now, I couldn't figure out. I'd never been good about reading myself. But I knew one thing. I knew I wasn't her Mark Antony. Not now and not ever. Josh had been him, and the poor guy never understood why I hated him so. One lifetime of jealousy could rot a man from the inside out--there was no telling what two-thousand years of jealousy could do. They were everywhere, those heroes and demons of the past. Half wretched people I hated because I didn't know who I'd been, half wretched people I loved because they had to be worse than I was. But how would I know? That required introspection. I fucking hate introspection. When I read people's pasts, it happens in the blink of an eye. One second they're Josh or Sarah, the next I've delved back to the beginning of their existence. But I couldn't do it for myself. I'd stand in front of the mirror, staring and blinking and urging myself to think of who I could have been. I had to have been *somebody*. Everybody was somebody once. But each passing blink only showed me my own face staring back at me. Bearded sometimes, other times clean-shaven. Gashes across my face or the unmistakable pallor of death. I had existed, just like everybody else. There was just one other person with that vision, and he was buried six feet under and had been rotting since the day I was born. My namesake, the father of my father, so I could talk to myself at his grave and pretend I was talking to somebody else. "He so desperately wanted me to have the vision," my own father told me one day. We were both at the grave, an unplanned encounter. It was a splendid day, not a cloud in sight except for the fog that lingered over the visions of my own past. I shouldn't have come on a day like that. Rainy days were safer, when I could cry with the sky and not worry about having to hold real conversations with my father. "Maybe it skips a generation," I said apologetically. Maybe he'd suffered from a lifetime of jealousy, first towards his father and now towards his son. Or maybe I had, because he didn't have this enigma of a power to hinder every relationship he'd ever fostered. "It doesn't. His grandfather didn't have it. His great-grandfather did. Died just when he was born." "Just like grandpa with me," I said. "Just like grandpa with you. You know, I've thought about this a lot. My whole life, actually. You and him, you both complained about the same thing." "We can't see who we were." My father nodded. My own father, who'd been George Washington in one life and Jack the Ripper in the next. I hadn't told him he'd been George. I didn't want his head to get too big. Same thing with Sarah and Josh. Really, I just didn't tell anybody who they once were. They wouldn't have believed me anyways. "I think you can," he said. I scoffed. "What? Hard work and dedication? Focus? Come on, dad. I've heard it all before." He laughed and shook his head. The faintest glimmer of appreciation crossed my mind, appreciation that we could finally have a mature conversation. I'd learned my place and he'd learned his. He'd stowed away the jealousy and I'd done my best to pack away the preconceptions that came with knowing everybody somebody had been. "What if you've been seeing your past self? You say you blink and all you see is you, right?" "Right." "Grandpa died the day you were born. Fine health and all. He told me to name you after himself, and then he was gone. You've seen the pictures of him. Spitting image of you." "What are you saying?" "Honestly, I don't even completely know. This all skipped me, the power and the need to worry about this. But maybe you *can* see yourself. Maybe you've been seeing yourself this whole time. Maybe you've just always been yourself throughout history." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 