
The first thing I noticed upon waking up was the hiss of escaping gasses from the cryopod pod. If I was conscious it could only mean one thing. I sighed as I stretched my arms forward and yawned. Humanity could wait another thirty seconds. "Good morning Adam." A computer chimed from above me. Great. I didn't have a choice now. "Good morning God." I said to the A.I. controlling the automated systems of the underground base, "How's the weather on planet Earth right now?" The A.I responded as I pulled myself out of the cryopod and into the now light room, "Most of the Earth is covered in a nuclear haze that appears to have been caused by a number of nuclear bomb detonations." I went to the hermetically sealed drawer. It responded to my presence and opened itself. Inside was a pile of freshly cleaned and pressed coveralls. A nice sky-blue sounds good today. "What's the best estimate you have before it's clean enough for human habitation?" "According to my most recent scans my best approximation would be three hundred years." "And there's no human life left?" I asked as I pulled the coverall on. "The last humans appeared to have died in a bunker about two hundred years ago." Good. Looks like God's automatic wake up systems were still working correctly. It required some amount of maintenance every couple hundred years but it looks like that could wait for awhile. The human race needed another start. "Run a diagnostic check on the gestation tubes and storage systems." I said to the AI, "And make me some coffee." "Running diagnostic checks. And breakfast has already been prepared in the common room." "Is anybody else awake?" Which way was the common room again? Was it the door just past the bathroom or the corridor just before it? "Reincarnation protocols state that you are the first to be woken up in the case of a human extinction." That's right. The common room was the corridor before the bathroom. What the hell I need to take a piss anyway, "Start wake up protocols for Eve. And make a second breakfast." "Protocols started. Diagnostics have come back at 100% for the gestation pods." Sweet relief. Now that that was done with I made my way down to the common room. A small serving robot stood at one of the six tables in the common room holding a plate with scrambled eggs and cooked bacon. Eve came in about five minutes after I went to town on the eggs. She looked as good as ever even with the grey jumpsuit covering most of her flawless ebony skin, "Already? What the hell did they do this time?" "Sounds like a nuclear war. They got a bit farther than last time." I said as I sipped my coffee. "You run any tests yet?" She sat down and sipped her own coffee. The serving robot came seconds later with a fresh plate of sliced apples and steaming oatmeal. "Apples? Isn't that a little on the nose?" I sipped my coffee, "A diagnostic check on the gestation chambers. Everything's good." "Good." She said as she took the first bite of her oatmeal. My breakfast finished I took the few steps to the viewing window in the common room. It looked onto the vast storage of the gestation tubes going on until the human eye couldn't see them. Thousands and thousands of gestation tubes just waiting for human DNA to begin their jobs. "God," Eve said just next to me, "Did you collect any more DNA samples before the human race went dark again?" "I did Ms. Eve. The total DNA sample total is at 637,432." "Good. What number one is this?" "Sixth." I said sipping my coffee and staring at the gestation chambers. We both stared for another minute sipping our coffees before Eve broke the silence. "Then let's get to work." r/cawdor23 