
"We have an anomaly sir in the harvest for the battle royals." "What is it Kleitus? Have you bought an amusing play thing for me today?" Kleitus shifted uncomfortably from one foot to the other. "Well we captured a human as per usual but this one is different." The merciless overlord raised an eyebrow his finger hovering over the controls in his chairs arm. A press of a button would vaporise this servant as it had many before should he dissapoint. "The system says he's technically a human but he's clearly heavily modified, almost grotesque. Upon arrival he took stock of his surroundings, shouted "for the emporer" and promptly slaughter every other species in the holding area with a giant eagle shaped mace." The overlord's interest was peaked. He pressed a few buttons and brought up an image of the cell. There standing like a colossus clad in viscera stained armour decorated with wax seals and some sort of scripture was the human. His skull like helmet crackled with some sort of energy field built into a halo of Iron it's dark eyes seemed to stare right through the camera into the overlords soul. For the first time in a millennia he felt a thrill of fear. "This thing is clearly too dangerous to be allowed to compete. We should recruit it instead Kleitus." Kleitus shifted again warily eyeing the control pad. "We tried that sir, I sent in a dozen of your elite guard and a diplomat. The human simply said "suffer not the alien or the mutant to live" and smote the diplomat so hard with that mace one of the guard was blinded by bits of his skull. He dispatched the guards too." "Well vent the atmosphere into space then man, have you no initiative." "We did sir the armour he wears is apparently proof against the vacuum of space." With a snarl of frustration the overlord slammed his fist on the keyboard and winced at the shriek of pain as Kleitus was incinerated. He hadn't meant to do that. He called up the image of the cell once more to look upon this human specimen and puzzle what to do with them, instead he was horrified to see the room empty the steel door torn from its hinges. He pressed a button he never thought to use, his chair sank into the floor and started down the secret passage to his rocket ship. In the distance he heard the screaming start. 