
There is an old saying "Leave a human with a machine that is ineffective, give it a few months and it will become effective.". Because there are only about 8 billion humans they are a rare species, not only that but they have a short lifecycle. This is why many people think this saying is figurative, however it is not. We first met humans 30 cycles ago, or 300 Earth years. We were fascinated by them, they were the very first intelligent warrace. So at first we were not sure if we should approach them, but we did. Humans had this incredible capability to make things work. Not because they're smart, as a matter of fact they were a relative dumber race, but because of how stubborn they are. It doesn't matter how long it takes them, if they think they can do it they will keep trying until they can do it. After 3 cycles of negotiations we made treaties with the humans. They would not war against anyone unless provoked, they would be given FTL technology and they would become the main engineering force of the Alliance. The FTL technology was given in the hope they would master it and make it cheaper as for now it took massive amounts of resources to use. We were amazed by them. They worked day and night at the engines given to them, they reverse engineered them and wanted to know everything about them. After just 1 cycle of learning, the humans started building their fleet to traverse space. This is where we saw the might of their capabilities. In a matter of Earth months they constructed vessels never seen before in the galaxy. These things were at least 20 times the size of the Golarax which was the biggest vessel ever build standing at a height of 10 Earth meters and at a length of 50 Earth meters. This is where a race of warriors stepped up, the Y'oltj. These scale covered warriors were by far not equal to the humans in their engineering capabilities but they had their numbers and size over the humans. Thus the Y'oltj demanded vessels or they would invade and take them from the humans. Ofcourse the humans denied and so a million ships arrived at Earth. When the Y'oltj arrived they were shocked by what they found. Earth was empty, every single city was emptied and all 8 billion humans were gone. That was when it happened. A bright light evaporated 212,643 ships and the biggest vessel to have ever existed arrived, "Utopia". This vessel was 12,000km high, 8000km wide and 20,000km long. Humans build a new world for themselfs, they knew their homeplanet was dying and made themselfs a new home that's how stubborn they were. After the sight of "Utopia" the humans shot 2 more times and only 269,156 ships remained of the Y'oltj. The humans requested the remaining ships to dock at the "Utopia". The humans captured all remaining Y'oltj with the promise that if they would not comply their home would be gone. To this day there are only rumours known about the Y'oltj, never has a single one been seen after the incident. Now the humans use the "Utopia" as a HUB. Races from all over the galaxy can come for help. They are certain not a single species will attack them, as they never gave information about how they build the "Utopia" so they know they won't be rivaled. We are lucky to be allies with them as one day they might give us the information about how we can build our own world and leave our planets and colonies for every world is a ticking time bomb except for Utopia. 