
"What did you say?" I asked. The woman sitting across from me was way too beautiful to be talking to me. Sure, she'd been staring at me for at least five stops, but the bus wasn't too crowded so what else was she going to look at? "I said it's nice to finally meet one that isn't trying to kill me." She moved to my side and held out her hand. "I'm Jin," she said. I shook her hand. "Um...meet one what?" She fixed her dark eyes on me. I couldn't tell if the eyes made her face look so pale, or if it was the other way around. It didn't matter. Porcelain had nothing on this woman's complexion. As for the rest of her...let's just say I hadn't put my back pack in my lap because it was convenient. "You mean you don't know?" she squealed. "That's amazing! And, it explains why you haven't attacked me." I tried to wrap my mind around her words. "You said your name was Jen? Is that short for Jennifer?" She frowned. "No," she said, drawing out the word. "Everyone always assumes that. My name is Jin. J-I-N." "That's a pretty amazing coincidence," I said. "That's my last name." "Let me guess," she said. "Your fist name starts with a D." I laughed. "How did you know that? It's David." "So," she replied. Her tone was way too serious for such a ridiculous moment. "Your name is D. Jin?" "Um," I hesitated, "yes." "Very well," she said. "In that case I wish for a million dollars." I laughed even harder. The laughter died as my head started to hurt. My vision blurred and the sound of the bus echoed loudly in my ears. I closed my eyes, and when I opened them again the world had changed. Swirls of color moved in and around everything. I somehow knew they represented probabilities. The deeper the color, the less likely something was to happen. I also somehow knew how to manipulate the swirls. I reached for a thin green tendril. It was barely solid enough to hold and was so dark as to almost be black. I combined it with a vibrant pink one, and then braided them into a very solid blue rope of chance. At once a large brick of bills coalesced onto the floor. I looked at Jin in amazment that quickly faded into horror. She was surrounded by thick tendrils of color. They were the brightest black I'd ever seen. "This is my domain!" she snarled. "I have brought you into being so that I may eliminate you from my realm!" On instinct I didn't understand I grasped several white tendrils and wove them together with as many other colors I could find. Blackness enveloped me. The colors warred with one another for only a moment. The resultant explosion ripped the bus apart. When the smoke cleared Jin stood a few feet away smiling at me. "So," she said. "It seems they've finally sent someone capable after me. I think you'll find this Genie doesn't die easily." I watched her gather innumerable colors around her, then she disappeared. i jumped as a homeless man grabbed my arm. "You're my ticket out of here," he said. Without thinking I said, "your wish is my command, master." 