
I've been doing this for a long time. I've always considered taking a vacation, but the allure of these halls always brings back those fond memories of my childhood. Our family has even donated a few statues ourselves. Out here in the countryside, there's no hustle and bustle of the cities that have spread all over as I grew up. Sometimes I like to take some time to look out at those sunny skies and reminisce, wondering what could've been. "Sten, quit your daydreaming." My wistful reverie was suddenly interrupted as my sister marched in. "Yeah, yeah. You finished locking up? Seems like there's more and more people trying to break in every day." "We're good, I just finished checking the exits. I'm heading home now, you sure you're alright by yourself?" "We've been doing this for ages, these punks today can't hold a candle to those old geezers." "Alright, suit yourself. Let me know if anything fun happens." As she closed the front doors, I take one more sip of my coffee, drop off my hat, glance at the mirror, adjust my hair and sunglasses, and get up to patrol. The museum can't afford a camera system with their little setup out here, so I had to constantly walk around the building. Not a problem really, I enjoy it. I don't work out enough as it is these days, and it's refreshing to let loose once in a while. I like to look at the statues, too. Never gets old. One time, a thief tried to pretend to be part of an exhibit, that got a laugh out of me. He got what he deserved, quickly enough. A soft, distant gasp startles me out of my thoughts, once again. Rushing over to the source, I peer around. Nobody. Not a soul in sight. Really thought I saw a light here, too. Well, if they want to work in the dark, that just works in my favor. I take a sniff of the air, and recoil. Wow, that's a new one. I gently walk over to find a young man huddled over behind a trash can. "Did you really piss yourself?" I ask. "Please don't hurt me, please don't hurt me! I'm just the new guy, I told them it was a bad idea, but they dragged me along." His words came pouring out, along with what seemed like a couple other fluids from his body. "Hmmph. Guess it's my turn to be the hero, eh? Well, I'm reasonable. Tell me how many friends you have here, their target, and their plan. Do that for me, and I'll let you go." "There's three others, they said they would steal back-" "That's enough, Delta." A new voice from behind us cut in, and I slowly turned around to face what sounded like an older man, with a gun and a light pointed at me. The younger one sobbed out, "I'm sorry sir, but you saw it too, that was-" "I said, that's enough. You just had to get us blown, didn't you?" He signaled with his other hand, and two other figures came out from the adjacent rooms. "Now, we've done our research, and you're the only guard here. Doesn't even look like you have a weapon. But nobody's ever gotten out with anything more than they came in with. Guess everyone took the myth too seriously. So just stay there, don't move, and we'll be on our way soon enough." Sigh. Nobody respects the classics anymore. "Hey, I said don't move!" The man yelled out. "Sorry, my hair just does that when people blow hot air at me." I hiss back in response. "Stop screwing around, or you're getting shot!" "Alright, alright. I'm just going to take off my shades, OK?" "Fine, just keep in mind that I'm watching you." "I'm counting on it." I slowly move to remove my sunglasses, and look him directly in the eyes. His frozen stare was all the confirmation I needed. "Heh, I've still got it." I chuckle. At that, the other two thieves ransacking the place turned and saw me. A fatal mistake. Their movements stiffen, their flesh hardens to a waxy gleam. Calmly putting the shades back on, I turn around once more to the man cowering on the ground. "Spare me, please!" He squeaks out. "Don't worry, you're fine. The shades keep you safe. Not to mention that it's nice to have someone alive to spread tales." "Tales? What are you talking about?" "Oh, you still haven't realized? I suppose my sister and I have been keeping a low profile after Medusa died. But that's no fun, is it? So tell them, let them know. Stheno and Euryale are here. Let's play." 