
I feel sorry for the parents, really. Here they are, they've raised a lovely son or daughter (OK, probably son), they're looking forward to having them take over the family business, or the farm, or get married to that eligible young bachelor down the road. And then some wizened old hermit with more beard than sense shows up and tell them that they're the 'Chosen One', and that they and they alone can defeat 'The Terrible One', just because of some birthmark, or the fact they have red hair and their parents don't, or, I don't know, they were born on February 29th on a full moon (honestly I can't keep up these days). Birthmarks, really? Do you know how many people out there have birthmarks? "It's meant to be 'Chosen One', not 'Chosen One in Ten'. And red hair? Never heard of genetics, morons? (actually they haven't, don't worry, you'll all find out in a thousand years). So here he is, barely capable of reproducing, being handed a sword almost the size of him, and told to go into the wilderness to find yours truly. Just as an aside, half the time the sword is a cheap knockoff, the other half, it is an actual valuable heirloom, which doesn't mean anything because just because something is old, doesn't mean it's any better at GOD KILLING than an AK-47 (again, you'll find out). And over what? Ancient history, I tell you. Yes, I will admit that I have decimated a couple of civilizations in my time (which at the time wasn't considered that big a deal, losing 10% of your people back then was called 'a bad day'), but in my defence they generally deserved it. Everyone talks about the 'knowledge of the ancients' and the 'forgotten, cherished culture', but no-one brings up the 'sadistic slavery' or the 'human sacrifices' or the 'demon worship' (other demons that is, polytheism is confusing). If you ask these learned scholars about what I've done more recently, all they can do is wave their hands around vaguely and refer to some local despot's recent turn to madness, or the latest invasion of some trumped-up hegemonic empire. I'm now used as a scapegoat for every would-be emperor, dictator or fanatic's rise to power. Some local mayor goes off the deep end and decides to play 'Citizen Murder 2: Murder Harder', and I get blamed. Do people really think I have the time to inspire all these invasions, rebellions and revolutions? There's only so many hours in the day, you know. Not to mention, doesn't anyone find it weird that a God previously feared as "The Destroyer of Armies and Nations" is resorting to corrupting random monarchs and inspiring vaguely menacing prophecies? Now, I fully admit that I was a bit of a menace when I was younger, but at least I was more than willing to get my hands dirty. When I 'came down like thunder and lighting on my pitiful foes', there was actual thunder and actual lightning. The 'rivers of blood' were probably better called 'streams', but you'd be surprised how much human blood you need for something that could be considered a river. It's like.. at least a large sized country, or a small empire's worth. It's not really practical, is what I'm saying. Which, in a round-about way, brings me to you, my dear latest Chosen One. You see, if I was younger, we wouldn't even be having this conversation. I would have simply snapped you and your somewhat ostentatious pole-arm like twigs (bonus marks for bringing a halberd by the way, swords are so cliche nowadays). But, you see, I am old now, very old, and killing random humans for the crime of being gullible no longer interests me. I am very old, and very lonely, for all my brothers and sisters are dead, either by each other's hands, or simply faded away over the centuries. Now, only I am left, and I too will fade away soon enough, once humanity finds gods and demons to replace me. Gunpowder, dynamite, mustard gas, nuclear bombs... you'll all know what they are in time. And so, I make you an offer. I can kill you now, and you can join the long, forgotten list of failed heroes and champions, or you can stay with me here, and I can show you a glimpse of infinity, all the way from the start of the universe, to its eventual end. And if, after all of that, you still wish to kill me, you should know the only weapon that can harm me is Time, and I have plenty of that to give you. 