
Darren groaned and tumbled off the bed. The dawn stabbed him in the eyes with fingers of much-too-bright light. As he crawled across the floor in his student apartment, his knees creaked and his back ached. Vision blurry and his head pounding, he made it over to the bathroom. He wasn't used to hangovers like this -- in fact, he'd never experienced one of this magnitude before. Lifting his head caused red and green stars to explode all around him. Frozen images flashed through his mind. The sunset bled over the city skyline and a blinding white light emanated from the center of the city in a massive bubble. Fear twisted the faces around him. Fear and panic. No cars moved. Everyone had stopped to look at the light. Darren shook his head, which sent a surge of nausea up his throat. Slowly, he climbed onto the toilet and poured himself a glass of water from the bathroom sink. The veins in his hands bulged, and the skin looked like thin paper. Another series of frozen images flashed through his mind. Faces, like dark silhouettes against the bubble of light, stared at him, their eyes wide and skin melting. *You can't save everyone.* Clary's last words slapped him in the face and awoke him from his daydream. He put the glass to his mouth and drank. She'd meant that he couldn't save her -- and she'd been right about that. Her death had turned him away from the world. They could handle their own. He couldn't save them all anyway. And they didn't want to be saved. Shaking, he finally got to his feet. A wrinkled face with dry skin and blemishes stared back at him. Tufts of gray hair grew out of his head like the bushes of an unkempt garden. The gray eyes had the dullness of someone who had seen everything and lost it. Darren hadn't belonged in this world for a very long time. A hard knock came on the front door, and then it opened. "Not now, Johnathan," Darren said, his voice rasping and weak. "I'm... I'm busy." "Who is Jonathan?" a woman said and stepped into the bathroom. "By the gods, you look awful." "Hera? What are you doing here?" Darren said, his words slowed down by disbelief. "What do you think?" She crossed her arms, the white dress whirling around her legs. "You broke the rules of probation." "Sorry, I don't remember what happened, it's all a haze." "Well, let me tell you then." She marched over to the window and slammed it open. A smell of burning ozone entered the bathroom. "You saved the lives of six million people." Darren shook his head. "I did?" "What were you thinking?" Hera spat. "Our time has passed -- you have no right to interfere with mortals!" "I don't remember what I was thinking," Darren mumbled. "Listen, you old fool! If my husband hears about this -- do you know what will happen?" Darren sighed and a smile curled his chapped lips. "He'll descend in all his glory and... probably screw a few mortals?" "Hilarious! See, this is why I voted for you to stay locked up forever. The world doesn't need another comedian." Hera paced back and forth, her hands balled into fists. "You'll fix this before he notices, or else. The ferryman expects six million souls and Hades is counting." Darren threw up his hands a bit too fast, and cramps seized his muscles. "I don't even know what I did!" He did know. The bomb would've erased the city from the map. If he hadn't stopped time and evacuated everyone... He wiped the sweat from his brow and tried to stand up straight despite his hunched back. "Well, you better figure it out then, I'm sure there's some sense left in that big head of yours -- albeit, not much, I reckon." Hera sniffed and walked out of the bathroom. "You have three days, Kronos." "Kronos?" Darren said. "I haven't heard that name in a long time." "Well, it's time you learned to take responsibility for your actions." And with that Hera swept out of the apartment and disappeared. Kronos stared at the lines on his palms, slowly the wrinkles smoothed themselves out. The haze was starting to lift. Perhaps if he played this right he could avoid being sent back to Tartarus and the other titans. *** More at r/Lilwa_Dexel 