
Mana wiped her brow on her sleeve and put another batch of donuts in the oven. During the summer it got so hot inside the little shop that she could soon bake on the counter. This was the opening day of her store and she was already growing dizzy. She looked over and saw that a customer was waiting. "Just a minute!" she called out and tried to straighten out her wrinkly apron. "Hi, welcome to Mana & Other Sweet Things! What can I get you?" The man looked very different from the peasants that had visited her shop earlier. He wore a long black robe, despite the hot weather, and his pale face was partially covered by the shade of a cloak. With a bony hand, he put a white lock of hair behind his ear, revealing three golden hoops in his earlobe. "I'm looking for something sweet," he said, "Something to get the necromancy flowing." "Well, you've come to the right place then!" "How much does it cost?" he said and fumbled with his gold pouch. "That depends on what you'd like." The man's forehead rippled in furrows. He touched his chin and sighed. "Do you have any donuts?" he said, and tilted his head forward, looking at Mana intently. "Of course," she chimed. "They're my specialty." "Can I have a taste before I decide?" "I usually don't do tastings." "Then how can I know if it's good?" "I suppose you're right," Mana said and cut out a piece of donut and handed it over on a paper plate. "Oh, yes," the man said, his gray eyes lighting up. "This is it; this is what I've been looking for!" "I'm glad you liked it," Mana said, smiling. "No, you don't understand," the man said, flapping his arms. "This is it! This is the one! You are the one!" "What?" Mana said with a laugh. She knew her donuts were good, but she had never before seen anyone become so ecstatic. "You're the only hope for humanity," he said sweat dripping down his forehead. "I've traveled land and sea to find you." "Okay, sir," Mana said and helped him to a chair. "It's probably best if you sit down, the heat must've gotten to you. Here, have a glass of water." The man in the robe drank deeply. "I'm telling you; people will come and when they do you have a choice-" At that very moment, the doorbell chimed and three other robed figures entered. The tallest one, a man with a beard and round glasses, spoke first. "We've traveled far!" "Oh, how far we've traveled!" the man with the square-shaped glasses muttered without enthusiasm. "Very, very, veeeeeeeeeeery far." Mana felt a jolt in her chest. The man in the black robe looked her in the eyes. "Remember what I told you," he said and hurried out of the store. The third of the three, a bearded man with triangular glasses, walked up to the counter and spoke for the first time. "I've never seen such a well-organized pastry shop before..." he said. "Utterly top notch, it's like I've walked into the royal bakery and the king himself had organized it." Another jolt surged through Mana's body. "Yes, I'm sorry - I opened just this morning - I haven't had time to put prices on everything yet." "I'll have one of those!" the man said and pointed at a carrot-cake cupcake. "That is if I can afford it - who knows, that piece of pastry might be more expensive than Archmage Ruttersmore's cross-eyed cluck-duck. There's no real way of knowing, is there?" "It's two silver pieces, sir," Mana said as her face flushed, and newfound power flowed through her. "Well, I guess they're about the same price..." If she wanted, she now felt like she had the power to throw these schmucks to the other side of the city. Mana had never wanted to be a big mage - all she wanted to do was bake - so when her time had come, she had picked the most stupid source of power that she could think of. So that she would be left alone. "We know who you are, Mana. The council sent us here to test your powers. Now if you would be so kind to come with us - you're the first person to choose sarcasm as their source - and we need to bring you in for..." "Further experiments," his companion filled in. "Well, it'd be such a delight to accompany you, I'll come right away," she said and flicked her wrist. The three wizards landed on their butts on the street outside. "And I'd just loooove to be experimented on a bit," she continued. "You're welcome back *anytime* you want!" Her powers at an all-time high, Mana placed the strongest sanctuary spell ever seen in the twelve kingdoms on her little bakery. The wooden walls glowed with magical energy. Spent, she sat down behind the counter. Nobody that she didn't want inside would able to enter, not even the Archmage's golden cluck-duck. And to top it off, the sanctuary spell had a built-in AC. ***** Subscribe to r/Lilwa_Dexel for more stories. 