
Rain struck the bus shelter as the old, beaten down bus came to a halt. It was an off-green colour, the paint beginning to peel and rust forming around the wheel arches. It had been in service for 20 years, always on the same route, and arrived at this particular bus stop at 7:30 AM every morning to pick up morning commuters. Dressed in his yellow and blue raincoat, Dave was one such commuter. Every morning, he would get this bus to the stop down the road from where he worked. He carried his old leather briefcase in one hand and fumbled with a handful of change in the other as the doors of the bus opened. The bus driver looked straight through Dave as he dropped the change on to the little counter. "Sorry." Dave mumbled as he fumbled around, counting the correct amount out before pushing it towards the bus driver. Now beet red in the face, he turned and began to look for a seat. And there she was again. The girl in the blue coat. Only recently had he noticed her begin to get on the same bus but now he couldn't help but stare. She was pale with dark brown hair, a beacon of light on a gloomy Monday morning. As he looked over her, she looked back with an expression of confusion on her face. *Oh god, she's seen me staring,* Dave thought as he scrambled to find an empty seat in an attempt to seem normal. *Maybe I should sit next to her and start a conversation. Nah, probably best to just sit and stare from a distance.* Dave found the first empty seat he could and opened his newspaper. He had a long journey ahead of him and the daily news was the only thing to keep him occupied, despite the fact that he hadn't had chance to pick up a new newspaper and this one was almost a week old. *Same old, same old,* Dave thought as he flicked through the paper. *Girl killed in horrific accident, 3 injured, man killed in armed robbery attempt, all cheery stuff to get me ready for my day.* Deciding to take the risk, Dave peered over the top of his paper and saw the girl looking straight at him. Almost immediately, Dave pulled the paper back up to cover his face, before realising how strange he must look. Pulling the paper back down again, and avoiding eye contact with the girl, he folded it and placed it neatly in his bag. Then he looked at her again, and she was still looking right back. *Now is your chance Dave. Clearly, she wants to speak to you, just go for it.* he thought as he rose from his seat and awkwardly shuffled towards the empty seat next to the girl, almost falling as the bus came to a sudden halt. "May I sit here?" Dave asked, motioning towards the empty seat. An expression that can only be described as terror crossed the woman's face. *Oh god, now you've really done it Dave. Your face has terrified her so much she can't even bring herself to speak to you.* Dave thought as his face got redder and he realised that she hadn't replied yet. "You can see me?" the girl asked in a tone that was little more than a whisper. Now Dave was the one that was confused. *Maybe she is just as weird as you Dave. Maybe you do have a chance.* "Shouldn't I be able to?" Dave asked in reply. "Well, no not really. I mean, nobody else can anyway." "Now, that is strange. Any idea why?" "No, can't say I do. It's just that since last Wednesday, everybody that I try to talk to looks straight through me as though I'm not even there. I bought something from the shop this morning and the shopkeeper didn't even acknowledge me." The girl said, an expression of deep sadness crossing her face. Dave thought back to the bus driver, who looked straight through him as he put his change on the counter. He thought of the days at work last week where nobody talked to him. He thought back to the weekend spent cooped up in his flat and the fact that everybody that called him couldn't hear him. At the time, he had chalked it up to a broken phone until he thought of the newspaper and the girl killed in the accident on Wednesday. And the man that was killed in an attempted armed robbery. "Can you remember what you did Wednesday night?" Dave asked the girl as he slowly began to imagine the worst. "I remember leaving work and then arriving home, but I felt ill once I got there so I went to bed. I can't remember how I got home." "Me neither." Dave replied. The rain pounded the windows on the bus as the two sat in silence, cold and unseen, waiting for somebody to notice them. Edit: Just wanted to thank everybody for the kind responses, makes me want to write more! 