
I touched down lightly onto the pavement, my black cape floating down around me. Judging from the looks on the faces in the crowd, it looked as awesome as I planned. The normies scattered around me, backing into a wide circle. "Dearest humans. I regret to inform you that this city will soon serve as an... *example* for the rest of the world." I gestured at the darkening sky, the thrum of my Doomsday machine hovering overhead adding just the appropriate amount of emphasis. A parade balloon, in the shape of some ridiculous overweight...cat, perhaps, floated a bit too close to my glorious creation. An arc of energy jumped from the machine's surface and vaporized the hideous feline, prompting a gasp of surprise from the crowd. I smiled. "Weep not for the loss your balloon, for the loss of your lives is imminent." I produced a small remote and held it aloft. "Behold, my love letter to chaos and destruction." I firmly pressed the button. The thrum in the air increased slowly, escalating to a high pitched whine in a matter of seconds. The powerless, weak humans began clutching their ears, some even falling to their knees. I coughed, frowning. How fucking dramatic did they have to be? It was just *sound*. The killing hadn't even begun yet. My eyes drifted up towards the opening that was now growing on the underside of my glorious creation. In seconds a rain of death would spew forth, heralding a new era of domination in my name. I grinned as the light in the opening flickered to life, signalling the beginning a localized apocalypse. I almost didn't even register the maniacal laugh escaping my lips until I felt my shoulders shaking with the effort. My beautiful soldiers, crafted of only electricity, conductive putty, and a mad scientist's love, descended like mad angels from a disrupted heaven. The air shimmered and crackled around them. I dimly realized that I was biting my nails with anticipation. Instead of attacking the squalling mob of humans, however, they formed a ring and floated slowly, neatly, in a rotating wheel. A new figure appeared in the middle, glowing like the surface of the sun. Cassandra. I heard whispers from the crowd, from those who held enough of their wits to pay any sort of attention. She's here to save us, they said. The Golden Sun will save us. She's here to ruin me. Her eyes, her hair, her voice, her very mannerisms haunted my every thought. No. I clutched the remote, spinning the secondary knob over to prematurely release stage two of my planned destruction. The Doomsday machine roared to life, angling into the sky so that its width and breadth blotted out the light of day. She was upon me then, her scent filling my nostrils. My head swam and my knees grew weak. No. I was so close! Every time... Every single time I let her dissuade me from my goals. "You're too late." I closed my eyes to make speech possible. "I built a failsafe into this plan. No matter what you say, this plan cannot be undone." "I didn't come here to stop you today." She grabbed my hand, and I felt her sink to the ground on one knee. The death bees should be swooping in now, tearing flesh from bone. Where were the screams? The sirens? Cursing inwardly, I opened my eyes. WILL YOU MARRY ME DEATHSTAR? The words were projected onto the underside of my glorious machine. A silence fell over the crowd as they took the words in and realized they weren't being murdered in cold blood just yet. "I had a little help from the inside," Cassandra admitted. "Dr. Kirkus hopes you won't fire him from his spot on the planning committee for this." I blinked. "If I marry you, will you let me finally take over the world?" "That means I'm entitled to half then, right?" "I'm okay with that." "Deal." [/r/intotheslushpile](https://www.reddit.com/r/intotheslushpile/) 