
The swordsmans body was wracked by yet another heaving cough. With the pain in his chest, the wet sucking sound of his breathing, the agonizing coughs as his body fought death to the last; he knew this was his final battle. HD had sent his students away late in the night. At his request they had left him propped up beneath a thick blanket in the mountaintop shrine. The sky had begun to glow with Dawn's approach and he knew it to be the last victory he would achieve. Weakly, he spoke. "So... this is how it ends. My life of training. Teaching. My legacy. It all ends here." A soft voice whispered over his shoulder. "Not necessarily..." Bitterness flavored his voice. "How can you say this? My children are dead. My brothers families gone before me. The line is ended. The Sword of Shiiro was never meant to come to such an end." "This... is not the end for the Sword of Shiiro," whispered the faint voice. "There is another." "Truly? Why have you not spoken of them before?" The sky before the warrior had grown from cool blues to ruddy orange. "Theirs is a far away land with strange ways. They would not have welcomed your destiny." "So they will inherit it, unready and unprepared. So be it." Another wracking cough bent his body and his eyesight blurred. "Will you guide them? Advise them from foolishness?" "I will, though some foolishness would be amusing to see in a Sword of Shiiro." The swordsman brought his weak arm up to wipe the bloody spittle from the corner of his mouth. The battle had raged through the night and his strength was at an end. The orange sky had grown bright and golden. Dawn was moments away. "An embarrassment to... the line." As suns first touch washed over the warriors face and he felt it's warmth, he turned his face up to the dark shadow standing above and behind him. "Victory... Be well... Shinigami." The dark shadow bowed over the swordsman as his breath stilled, eyes gazing over the Dawn. "Rest well... Sword of Shiiro." As the sun rose on a far away mountaintop. A figure rolled in their bed, in the hold of a fierce dream. Shadowed forms lashed out at them and they fought. The dream felt like a thousand years of battle, of life and death, blood and snow, revolving again and again. They woke as the sun struck their blinds, bringing a warm glow to their bedroom. The Jimothy brand alarm clock was dead for some reason. But the morning daylight was a clear indication. "Shit! Late for work again?!?" [You can find more of my writing at [/r/The_Tales_of_Jimothy/](https://www.reddit.com/r/The_Tales_of_Jimothy/) ] 