
"But... that can't have been *Hell?*" Christopher said slowly. He moved his arm to tug at his shirt collar as he always did when he was nervous. Only this time, there was no shirt. There was no body at all; there was only his *belief* that he still possessed a corporeal form. The angel smiled at him. It was a soft, gentle smile. The smile a mother gives to her baby. "That *was* Hell, Christopher. Think back. Think of what you have been through. You have paid a great penance; a penance equal to your crime. I am here to take you home." Christopher's mind suddenly jumped back to the night of the car crash. The too long drive, the argument with Suzan, and then how in a spate of unusual rage, he had turned around to face his chattering, excited children in the back of the car. To tell them to **shut the hell up or he'd turn the car around right this instant. No Disne-**. Then the sound of a desperate *beep* coming from two tons of out of control metal. He remembered waking in the hospital and begging the nurse to tell him how his family was doing. Out of all the memories he carried, the look on the nurse's face was the most vivid. He could never forget that look; a look that taunted him whilst he was awake and haunted him whilst he slept. He knew that instant, they were gone. Months passed and he was back in his home, *their home*, only now he was alone. Well, not quite alone. He had the vodka. A constant, never ending stream of the foul spirit that would cost him his job, his friends and eventually, his health. "It wasn't Hell," Christopher stuttered, "It can't have been, because I had something..." Christopher tried to grasp at fleeting memories; memories that brought with them a gut wrenching pain, yet they were memories that meant *everything* to him. His parents smiling at him as he opened presents on Christmas day; Suzan looking more beautiful than anything he'd ever seen before as she walked down the aisle; his children on the day they were born. "It wasn't Hell, because I had love." Christopher spat out, desperate to believe it. "Even in Hell there has to be hope, Christopher. You must know happiness to know sadness. Without one, you cannot appreciate the other. You were given a very great happiness so that you could experience a very great pain." "It's... It wasn't." Christopher wanted to argue, but he couldn't collate his thoughts properly. His mothers slow, painful death. His best friend leaving. God, the state of the world - the starving children - was it all designed just to punish him? What did he do to cause this? What had been his crime? The angel began to whistle a single note. It was a constant, but pleasing sound. Comforting. The noise wrapped around Christopher as if it were a blanket. "Christopher," said a familar voice. It couldn't be - "Suzan?" he whispered as he turned. The familiar shape of a lady began to coalesce out of the nothingness. It wasn't yet fully formed, but Christopher recognised the silhouette. Two smaller shapes began to form by her side. Christopher dropped to his knees and began to weep. "I'm so sorry, I'm so so sorry." Every passing moment brought the shapes more to life. "We forgive you," said Suzan smiling. She reached out an arm. "I'm here to take you home." Christopher looked at Suzan, and then at the angel. The angel smiled, and nodded. Christopher ran to his family and hugged them tightly for a long time, and as he did so he wept fiercely. Eventually, he took his wife's hand, and allowed her to guide him onwards. For the first time in a long time, Christopher was smiling. --- Not long after Christopher had left, the angel's form began to change; its lips curled into a cruel, satisfied grin. It had given Christopher hope and happiness back. In time it would take them away again. --- Thanks for reading. More of my stories on: /r/nickofnight I've awoken to a bit of controversy surrounding the ending. It was originally more subtle and open to interpretation; perhaps I should have left it that way. I don't always like WP twists, but to be honest I didn't think this piece was strong enough without it. I'm glad some of you enjoyed it though. Thanks for reading! 