
Petty Officer Beauregard cowered in the corner of the of the galley. For all the resistance the Capital Ship Sicily had put up, the fleet of alien vessels had finally knocked out their primary power source after days of trading punches. On reserves, all Sicily could do was support basic life support, and wait as boarding crews of otherworldly horrors slowly violated her hull. Yes, they had fought well, but now here was PO Beauregard, separated from the rest of the crew, completely at the mercy of one of the sneering claw monsters itself. Its gaping maw sneered, as the beast brought up an instrument of seeming unspeakable pain and agony to level with him. The sailor knew this was it. The final sendoff. He tried to get off a prayer to a God he had neglected for so many years, and would be meeting imminently. Alas, he got no such reprieve; the alien's weapon immediately started humming in a crescendo of noise and light. Beauregard closed his eyes hard and braced himself as best he could. His final thoughts were of his sweet wife Sarah back home. The alien's weapon screamed, and then a bolt of matter hit Beauregard. Its cold washed over him and... Nothing after that. Not *The Great Nothing*, just nothing spectacular. A steady stream of liquid was being emitted by the strange weapon, with a fanfare from the weapon that was completely excessive for what was actually happening. He opened his eyes and looked at the alien expectantly. It made some horrifying noise, and continued to blast Beauregard with the substance. Beauregard would be lying if he said he wasn't a little disappointed at the anticlimax. His attention turned to what was now soaking his jacket. Any sense of suspense having been completely deflated by the bizarre situation, he lifted up his saturated sleeve to examine it. It didn't smell at all. It seemed like it was just... "Dude, are you kidding me?" The alien stopped firing, its formerly smug expression had been usurped by one of terror. PO Beauregard's disbelief was now replaced anger. He stomped over to the paralyzed alien and grabbed the weapon out of its hands. He opened a lid on what he assumed to be the tank and poured it over his face. Anger was now complimented by disbelief. "A water gun!? We got beat by *sailors* who are afraid of *water*!?" *** Captain Zasphor stood on the bridge of the once proud Sicily in restraints before a team of what appeared to be officers of the enemy's ships. It was hard to tell what they were, they looked like oversized snapping turtles without the shell. Turtles that could bench press about 800 pounds. They stood in front of a massive glass cube that had been erected with their coming. Beside him stood the Executive Officer, Commander Finch, and a dozen other surviving crew members. "Told you we should have banked left instead of right..." Finch grumbled Zasphor looked at Finch. "God I hope they kill you first." Their muttering was stopped when an alien, apparently the leader, started to make a series of shrieks and groans. As he was doing so, a small box that was being held by another alien started to speak. "I am Fleet Admiral Horshellus of the Third Strike Fleet of Malar. Your ship has caused us incredible damage and strife; and as such, we will make you and your crew's deaths as gruesome as our customs will allow." He gestured to the cube behind him. "In this tank is going to be filled the most deadly chemical known to the Malar; Hydrogen Oxide. You will be submerged into the solution until your screaming stops, and are given mercy by whatever afterlife you hold dear." *Hydrogen oxide? Did he mean w-* The crew was marched up a crude set of stairs to the top of the aquarium. Zasphor had never really been a great student, but he was really counting on his recollection of Chemistry 101 at Annapolis to be accurate. He prepared himself to what might be his doom, when from behind him, a human voice whispered in his ear "Captain goes with the ship", followed by a rough shove into the pool. As he fell, he turned to see Commander Finch's weaselly eyes staring back at him, as his arms coming back from the push. *No kidding* Zasphor thought as the water washed over him. As he was treading water while the rest of his crew jumped in, much to the amazement of the alien invaders, he didn't feel the least bit bad that he knew Finch couldn't swim. 