
**Lovecraft, Kafka, Tolkien, and Poe. Might edit or make another part with the other authors if enough attention. Lots of "thee" and "thou"s. Hope I used them right. I would not be opposed to anybody proofreading that.** "Thou hast made haste atop thy horse's back. Against the face of heaven hooves abuse the ground. Time waits not for thou. Thine capes indulge wild winds; wings shining the light of the moon. Roll initiative," Shakespeare says. The adventure started swiftly. The king of All-merry has sent all members of the faction Grimdust, the party, to rescue his maiden from a dragon nestled atop Brightmoon Peak. "Before thou planted among the trail lay three bandits in wait of the unsuspecting," he continued. "I will attempt to intimidate," Lovecraft says. "Your minds are weak. Your bodies will become the dust to which the heavens know not. You will not be remembered. Amongst the strong lay a power as deep as the greatest abyss. We are that power. I suggest you move along." 1. "Thine enemies find mockery of such foul suggestions," Shakespeare replies. "I will bluff," Kafka says. "You kill us now, you will mistake the footsteps of soldiers as the tapping of rain drops on the window sill. They will come for us, and they will know it was you who stopped a royal decree." Obviously a lie, there's no way the king would know. 11, but not good enough. "'Horseback vermin!' to which they decree. 'Thou hast dared make our bones tremble, and the pits of hell make mockeries of such an attempt! Thou hast dared deceive thee, and the demons and devils wait for thou!" Combat resolved normally. "Upon travel, thou'st discover in moonlit shadows a frail woman." "I ask where she is from," Tolkien says. "'Thy self is in great peril, for men of darkness make chase. Please, help thee for a reasonable reward'!" ""Milady, you could come with us! We could protect you, and we know not the lands we venture to'." "'Thou may be small, but thou is brave.. I am scared, but I believe in thou'. Brave woman she is, for she makes haste joining thee upon thou'st own saddle. Quickly, men of shield and armor; whose origin lay with the town encounter on horseback. 'Thou will make thy way to jail should you not revert possession of thine criminal'!" "I will bluff," Poe says. "In truth, a fair maiden cross our paths and it is not she who you seek. It is my beloved- the owner of my heart and soul. She has wept day and night for my return, tended to the animals herself- has her suffering no end? Long years they were she awaited in hopes I'd return, her sorrows steadily growing and twisting and manipulating her mind into archaic horrors. Long years they were long ago, when I met this fair maiden on a coast of sparkling water, where the sun and the edge of the Earth said goodbye until tomorrow. Her eyes were mesmerizing, shining brighter than any gold piece or jewel.. We make our way to rescue a fair maiden in a cave beyond the stretches of these lands, and by royal decree, we will not stop'," says Poe. The table is in tears. Shakespeare clears his throat. "Thou makes way through the men of sword and shield with no further issues." 