
You died in a car accident at the age of forty-two, somewhere in rural Maine. It wasn't your fault; the road was covered in sheer black ice. Once your tires started to spin, there was nothing you could have done to avoid hitting the ditch and rolling five times. At least Claire wasn't in the car with you. You lived a good life--really, you did--filled with great friendships and fulfilling work and a wife who loved you as much as you loved her. All things considered, you wouldn't have done a thing differently. After you died, I brought you to the afterlife. I watched you sit down and stare, all bright-eyed like a little kid, at everything around you. "Do you have any regrets?" I asked you. "A few. Most of them seem stupid now." "Most?" Your face twisted. "I've always wished I knew more about my mother and her family. She died when I was three." I knew that already; I'd carried her to the afterlife too. "And my dad," you continued, "he didn't like talking about her. I should've tried harder to learn about her: who she was, what she liked." "Would you like to meet her?" I almost felt bad when I saw how your eyes lit up. "She's been asking to have a word with you, too," I said. I *did* feel bad when you cried when you first saw your mother. "How come you never had kids?" She didn't hold back her words; she stared straight into your eyes. "I wanted grandchildren." Your mouth gaped open, like a fish. "Well--well, Claire and I never really wanted that lifestyle..." "How selfish." She shook her head. "Your great-grandfather is also here. He has a few things to say." You shrunk back into the collar of your shirt. "I can't believe you let your wife work," he said. His bristled mustache did nothing to hide his disapproving frown. "It would have been alright if she was a secretary or a nurse--but you let her do *that*?" You stumbled over your words. "She wanted to work." You tried to brush a layer of sweat off your brow, not realizing you couldn't sweat here. "Claire loved doing woodwork. Have you seen the oak bookshelves she made for our cabin? They were gorgeous." He looked down his nose at you. "You sat in an air-conditioned office all day." Your great-grandmother came to his side. She nodded in agreement at her husband's words. "What good did you do? You wasted your life playing with toys." "*Toys*?" The anger seeped into your voice. "I worked on developing AI." Your mother, your great-grandfather, and your great-grandmother all shook their heads. "You wasted your life." "No children." "But maybe that was for the better, seeing as you couldn't even provide for your wife." "What did you do, other than stare at machines?" "Did you ever lift a finger?" "Paid someone else to fix your car." "Ordered food to your doorstep three nights a week." "What a disappointing life." You blinked. Your face relaxed. "I definitely wasted my life on something," you said, your voice flat and emotionless. "Thank you for showing me." You smiled with your mouth pressed into a flat line. You turned to me. "I'm ready to move on, now." I nodded and reached for you. Your mother and her family faded into the ether. "Do you have any regrets?" "No," you shook your head, "no, I really don't." --- /r/liswrites 