
They called me "El" after "Elliot" was too long for some of them them to pronounce. They treated me with fear until their children grew accustomed of me. They thought my "slow" actions were freakish until one day I was a sage, slow and wise. &#x200B; The knee-high being who identified himself with a clicking hum entered my chambers. He unpacked his supplies and set up for the day-long interview which was impossibly long for him. After the Gate accident I was flung to a far off-world with no identifiable stars, just a mind that worked as fast as needed to communicate with these sunrise-yellow insect-jellyfish and nothing but the skin on my back. I noticed them observing me, watching as I built a hut out of rubbery brush. They attempted to slay the "giant" but after their primitive weapons proved ineffective and I left out fruit from the very highest trees (to them), they ignored me. After a year, some started to approach. &#x200B; "Oh great Giant, I request you hear my words-" I waved my hand for him to stop. "Just 'El' please. I'm not one for honorifics." He rotated his legs to a more comfortable position. "Well then... El... I'm a researcher of history and I want to know more about *whirring thrum* the Mighty and his warriors of the high desert. Is it true you told them where to find the great Evil?" I recalled a few years ago when this warrior and his band came looking for a land-based squid-bird even I avoided. It was elusive but my unknown form made it careless around me. I had found its den. &#x200B; "I understand he's a folk hero? I recall him, he was young then..." For them a few years would pass generations, helping these creatures out of their stone age and rapidly into a civilization brought with it a few memories. The creature on my floor listened attentively, spherical lobes trained to my every move. I offered him some soup. &#x200B; (A.G. (After Giant) 3023, Royal Historian's Report - After careful analysis of Ancient texts and the remains of the supposed Tomb of El, the Official House of Historians concludes that the being known as "El the Giant, Terrible in Form and Kind in Heart" was not a myth but historical fact. The Cult of the Giant has guarded the tomb for centuries but has finally allowed us to examine the remains. The Life Code of the large and rocky structures were indeed organic and may have been the support system of the being. No match was found to any known creature. We can only conclude he was an otherworldly being. Therefore his contributions to us will be established as truth and celebrated as a pillar of all that is good in our world. As for the otherworldly writings detailing life on his homeworld, we can only hope one day to reach out to the stars and thank whatever wise people he has come from.) 