
The scene looked like it was fresh out of a horror movie. Of course, I could never say this out loud because there was no such thing as movies in these days. The blood draping on what could only be an exquisite foreign carpet of the theater. I took a mental note of my surroundings. Blood pooled on the floor and the theater chair. A hole the size of a bullet torn though the back of the chair. An unloaded, recently fired pistol lay in the corridor between seats. "Attempted murder." I said ironically. This one was right out of the history books. &#x200B; I sighed. It wasn't every day you get dragged halfway across the country on horseback. They'd heard I was the best of the best, but I guess you could say I knew a thing or two about criminal investigation. I had every trick in the book in my head, the only problem being the equipment of the 18th century clearly wasn't up to specification. So I had to improvise. If I remember correctly, I only had about 2 weeks until the poor sod died. I didn't want to waste a minute of it. I pulled out my improvised fingerprint powder and feather duster and applied it vigorously to the pistol. I identified 3 individual finger marks. I inspected them with my magnifying glass and took a mental note of their pattern before wrapping the pistol in a linen cloth. There wasn't any more evidence I could note at the scene so I took the pistol and headed to the reception area. &#x200B; The guards were having trouble keeping the peace. The small crowd were insistent that they should be allowed to leave, but it was to no avail. "By Royal decree, none shall leave till the shooter has been found!" yelled one of the guards. It did little to dissuade them. I cleared my throat and waved over one of the guards. "I need help taking some samples." There were around 40 people in the room. I just hope I had enough ink. &#x200B; It took several hours but I eventually cataloged everyone of suspicion. Splatters of ink dotted the reception area, while the papers used to document them were held firmly by each person. I took out the pistol again and began inspecting each persons paper individually before I found my shooter. A man named Anckarstrom peered at me with a look of disgust and hatred to what I was doing. I inspected his arm but could not smell any gunpowder residue. I had no way of definitively determining if there was any of that anyway but it mattered not. His fingers clearly matched those I had found on the pistol. Despite his numerous protests I named him as the shooter and in time all the other people were released from the theater. A royal advisory approached me with what could only be an extremely large coin laden bag. "Gustav III sends his regards for the quick and decisive investigation, and you will be reimbursed generously." I chuckled as I took the bag and left. Theres no changing the past. 