
10 years. It took you 10 years before you realised. You stared at the old woman. Clearly, she was someone later in life. If you had to guess, which given the amount of elderly people you'd been around, you'd gotten pretty good at, she was maybe 75. You'd always liked her tales. They seemed creative, immersive. She had a way of recalling things, staring off into the distance. The details she conjured seemed so vivid. You'd wondered why no one had ever come to visit her. She was a character through and through. It wasn't till you'd been around for a while. Walked the hall a few too many times. You began to notice the changes, or lack thereof. While Martha two doors down had become frail, loosing what little mobility she had retained from her younger days. The woman, you'd known her as Ruth, hadn't changed an inch. Really, it was the hands that gave it away. No one noticed the subtle changes in a person. Day to day differences. Except in the hands. They were the first signs of age. Age which hadn't come for Ruth. It took you 10 long years to realise. It was now another 10 down the track, and you were ready to show the world what you, and she, had achieved. *History by Ruth*, that's what you'd called it. It shook the academic world. The facts, figures, details you provided, answered many unsolved and long-thought forgotten mysteries of the historical world. To boot you'd even managed to pitch it to Netflix, producing a 32-part series where you travelled across the world, exploring the many claims you'd made against modern historical records. No one, of course, knew about Ruth. Sure, her name was on the cover, but just as well that Ruth's were a dime a dozen. Nobody suspected the truth. And why would they? The idea that a single person could be untold millennia old was preposterous to the nth degree. You, of course, had let her have a taste of the high life. You bought the nursing home, renaming it in her honour. She was given a special room. Special doctors and nurses. Everyone had benefited from this, you had thought. Time passed again. Another 20 long years. You returned to see Ruth less frequently. In a way, she was the cornerstone of your life. You owed your success to her and her alone. It wasn't 5 years ago you'd started to notice. The occasional grey hair. Your limbs starting to feel stiff. Age had come for you. It still hadn't for Ruth. Jealousy was a funny thing. Despite how much she had given you, you wanted more. Wanted what she had. Dementia be damned. You'd hired more doctors. Better doctors. Doctors that knew how to keep their damn mouths shut. You'd begun to study Ruth. Who she was. What she was. It wasn't until that fateful night. You'd solved it. Worked out how to take what was hers. The look in her eyes. The greed you'd felt as it had passed from her to you. The realisation. It wasn't a blessing that Ruth had. It was a curse. You remember the panic as she passed. Her final words to you, "Thank you". 