
"This..." I looked at the photos in my hand with utter disgust, unable to form words to describe exactly how horrific it was. My math teacher's normally smiling face looked back at me, covered in blood and missing half his teeth. One eye was purple and swollen like a beet was growing out of his face. "This isn't what I meant!" On top of my dresser in the corner, a miniature, heavy-set man in a dark pinstriped suit and a fedora furrowed his brow. The only thing that showed what he *really* was was a set of gossamer white wings sticking out of his back. "Whaddya mean?" Don Sugarblossom shot back. He took the stout, half-burnt cigar out of the corner of his mouth and waved it around with his hands as he spoke. "*You* wished for no math class tomorrow to get out of your test. And now dat he's in the hospital, class'll be canceled for a few days. And even then you'll just have substitute. It'll be *weeks* before you gotta take dat math test, kid!" He tucked the cigar back into his lips and clapped his hands together. "Wish granted!" "That..." Well, actually it made sense in a twisted way. "That's not how it should work though. Aren't you just supposed to wave your wand and make things happen? And it just magically changes everything?" Don Sugarblossom shrugged, causing the gold rings on his fingers to flash in the light. "Where's the fun in dat?" I shook my head. "The *fun* is not beating people to a pulp!" I waved the photos at him to show what I meant. "I didn't want to take the test, but I *also* didn't want him hospitalized! Now, I want you to go fix him, OK?" He smirked and took a puff of the cigar. *God, Mom will kill me if my room smells like cigar smoke,* I thought. "So when you say *fix him*..." His eyebrows arched like big hairy caterpillars. "You *really* mean... *take care* of hi..." "NO!" I interrupted. "*HEAL* him! How many times do I need to go over this? Don't hurt *anyone!*" He grumbled and fluttered into the air like a fat, roaring-twenties-themed bumblebee. "Fine," he said. "I'll get him right as rain so you can have your math test tomorrow." "Well, I still don't want the test," I told him. How was I supposed to study if I was too busy preventing my fairy godfather from busting up people's kneecaps? "Just do it *peacefully*, OK? *DON'T* hurt him." He stared at me with the tip of his cigar glowing an angry red. "Got it," he finally answered. "I won't lay a finger on the guy. I'll just... *persuade* him to not give you a test, right?" "Yeah." Glad that was sett... "NO! Wait!" He had that glint in his eye that I'd learned meant trouble. "What do you mean by 'persuade'?" Don Sugarblossom laughed, which was more like a rumbling cough given how much he smoked. "I know you don't want the details, dollface. Let's just say that if he cares about his family, that math test won't be an issue." "NO threatening his family either!" I cried out. "Right." He gave a rougish wink and a grin. "Message received, loud and clear. Something other than his family, then. You got nuttin' to worry about, sweetheart." "Just forget it," I told him. "Just go heal him and come right back. Don't do *anything* else to him." I reached down to my backpack and pulled out my math book and my notes. "I'll just cram for the damn test instead." "You sure?" he asked through more puffs of his cigar. "He could maybe take a little swim, or go for a walk on some wet cement at a little construction site I know..." "NOTHING!" I shouted as I opened the book. "JUST heal him." He took a set of brass knuckles from his jacket pocket and threw them onto my bed. "Fine," he grumbled before disappearing in a flash of light. I'd barely even gotten started on the first trig problem before he popped back into my room, returned to his perch on top of my dresser, and lit up a new stogie somehow even worse-smelling than the last one. A cloud of grey smoke accumulated around the ceiling fan in my room. I ignored it, trying to focus. "Dinner, honey!" Mom's voice drifted upstairs from the kitchen "Hurry up or it's gonna get cold!" "Ugh." I shoved the book to the side. I hadn't even solved the first one. "God, why can't she just give me a little more time?" Don Sugarblossom lifted into the air, beating his little wings like a hummingbird, and retrieved the brass knuckles from the bed. "I'm on it, Boss!" --- If you liked this, subscribe to /r/Luna_Lovewell for tons of other stories! 