
The fighters had called them "Wolfdogs" and it was easy to see why. They were easily twice the size of the other dogs we'd recovered from the operation. Thank god they were unusually friendly for fighting dogs. As big as they are, they probably could've killed one of us if they were so inclined. We transferred all the seized dogs to a kennel, where they would be living until the cases against their former owners can be resolved, and immediately the problems began. The two wouldn't be separated. They'd jump any fence, bust open any door, anything to get back to each other. Not even putting them in seperate buildings helped, they'd be back together within hours. After many failed attempts to corral the two little monsters, we eventually just dismantled the wall between two kennels and let them stay together, and their escape acts stopped for good. After the trial, the dogs went to the local animal shelter. Last I head most were scooped up by various foundations and orginizations dedicated to rehabilitating fighting dogs, so you can imagine my surprise when I stopped by the shelter looking for a dog and found those two staring at me with big, friendly eyes. I took them, of course, how could I not? It had been several months and I knew their time was quickly running out. They're good boys, they don't deserve to live their last days in a cell like a death row inmate. Though adopting two large wolfdogs when you live in a starter home was not really one of my better ideas, the dogs settled in quite nicely. I named them "Loki" and "Thor." Partially because it sounded right, and partially because I had watched "Thor: Ragnarok" the night before. Based on that, I probably should have been a little bit more suspicious when the dude with the eyepatch moved in next door a month later. He introduced himself as Anthony Borrson, and he seemed to be a nice enough person. The dogs adored him, which was always a good sign. He was a very intelligent man, a professor of mythology at a nearby college, and was always up to watch the dogs when I needed to take a trip. It took a while for him to tell me that the dogs were actually technically his. I'd like to say that the eyepatch, the ravens that always hung out near his house, and the fact that he had several paintings depicting norse mythology hanging in his house tipped me off, but they didn't. I was honestly surprised when I found out. He said he'd been looking for them for a while, and had intended to take them back sooner. But when he found out how happy they were to stay with me he decided to let them stay on earth for a little longer. He took them back to Asgard after two years, but they still visit from time to time. Sometimes I even petsit for him when he needs to do something important, and if you think the wolves are trouble, just wait until you hear about the ravens. 