
It was cold. A few strands of my hair were tickling my nose as they fluttered in the wind. I opened my eyes. The orange glow of the rising sun cascaded over me through the pine trees, the shadows dancing like a bunch of wiggly caterpillars as a slight breeze rustled through the woods. I closed my eyes. Where the light struck my body I could feel warmth seep into my skin, but everywhere else, I was covered with goose bumps, chilled. I went to hug my arms to my chest, but felt my shoulder jerk when I tried, and the clink of heavy chain links clacking together sounded. I peeled my eyelids apart again, and then blinked a few times. I was chained to a tree. The others should've been nearby, gathered to celebrate my first change and release me from the binds, but they weren't. Suddenly, fear gripped me. 'What if I didn't change?' It wasn't unheard of, and if the first full moon after my sixteenth birthday hadn't brought out my true form, it meant I wasn't born with the curse. It meant the family would exile me, the pack would abandon me. I looked to the ground around my feet, and saw there the remnants of the ceremonial garb, once an extravagant white robe, but now a stained mess of strips and crumpled fabric. That meant I had changed, it meant my body had twisted and contorted into a shape the robes couldn't contain. I shivered, but I smiled. I had the curse, I was part of the pack. 'But then where are they? Where's Mom? Dad? The rest?' I wondered. I swallowed, and then cleared my throat. "Hello? Anybody? Mom! Dad! I'm awake!" Nothing answered me but the wind, dragging a coldness across my skin that seemed to deepen with every passing moment. "Grandma! ...Uncle Kino! Aunt Gale!" I tried. "... Jackson!" Nobody answered. Nobody came. My gut began to twist uncomfortably, and my fear became audible in the quickness of my breath. I was alone. I'd been abandoned. I didn't know why. "Anybody! Somebody!" I cried. Tears began to gather at the corners of my eyes as a sense of hopelessness rose in my chest. In moment of panic, I jerked against the chains and I screamed at the top of my lungs. "SOMEBODY HELP!" A twig snapped, and my head jerked to look in the direction of the sound, towards a tree close to my right. "Hello?" I asked, my voice raspy from the scream. I heard someone sigh, and then they stepped around the tree. "Morning, Henrietta," Jackson greeted me. He was naked, which was somewhat normal; clothes didn't make it through the process of shifting into our true forms, though it was common practice to bring an outfit to change into in the morning. I was about to ask why he hadn't dressed himself when I noticed he was covered head to toe with some kind of thick, colorless slime. I scrunched up my nose as a foul scent wafted my way from Jackson. "The hell is that?" "Uh," he started, but I continued before he could explain. "Where is everybody, why am I still chained up?" Jackson frowned. "You don't remember last night then? I suppose that's par for the course, but I was hoping I wouldn't have to tell you. Technically I'm not supposed to be here either." I gulped. "What is it? What went wrong? What did I do?" Jackson coughed awkwardly. "Ehrm... what did you do? Well... you spit on us... a lot." "I don't... that doesn't really answer my question. The full moon, the ceremony... I changed right? I shifted?" "Yeah... just... not into a wolf." My heart skipped a beat. "... What?" "You're not a werewolf... so... so the family moved on," Jackson explained. "But I shifted... I don't... if I'm not a werewolf, what am I?" Jackson pressed his lips together, hesitating. "... A werellama." *Part 2 below!* r/TheCornerStories 