
"I'm just a kid! I shouldn't have a job!" The demon dragged her along the corridor, still clutching her hand as it had been since the contract was shaken into existence. "Back in my day, every kid had a job!" the demon rasped. "Shinin' shoes, polishing guns, getting the chimney fit for Santa." The girl's eyes widened, merging her freckles into one big brown stain. "Santa's real? I knew it! I knew it!" Just wait until her brother heard this. That idiot wouldn't be laughing at her, then. "Did I say Santa?" The demon, who was no more than a solid swirl of shadows, pushed a new arm out of his body. He took the cigar from his mouth and embers fell like shooting stars against him. "I meant to say *Satan*." He laughed as they walked. Taylor wanted to go home. Her tamagotchi would need feeding soon, and if she didn't keep this one alive, there was no way Daddy would let her get a cat. Of all the nights to let a demon-under-the-bed shake your hand! She bit her lip, furious with herself for leaving an arm dangling. Mike, her older brother, had told her that a monster would get her leg or arm or whatever it was that wasn't safely tucked in. And now, worse than having to work in Hell: her brother was right. He'd never let her forget! The corridor was bright white and reminded her of eggshells and hospitals. Not exactly how she thought Hell would be. They passed arched doors, left and right, from beneath which muted screams and laughter crept out. "What's happening in there?" she asked, as they passed a particularly screamsome room. "Ah, that's just the prod-a-tron-2020 testin' space." She frowned. "Prod-a-tron?" "*Prod-a-tron.* Prod. A. Tron." She frowned deeper. "Jeez, kid. You never heard of a prod-a-tron?" He took another puff of his cigar, blowing smoke into her face. "Satan developed it a long time ago, back when he was a little more, uh, *creative*. Someone cycles a bike powering the device, someone else -- the victim -- is tied to a pole and gets prodded by sharpened bones and tickled by feathers. Ehh, not too sharp though," he added. "It's not about killing. Just about discomfort. That's the secret to good torture." Taylor hated being prodded by her bother. Especially in the car. She nodded. "And this, the 2020 edition, it's an upgrade. Uses solar power, you see, so we don't need to worry about wasting demons on it. Which is good, seeing as they're hard to come by these days -- that's why we're recruiting outside the box. And it prods at twice the speed, too." He lowered his voice. "Between you and me: *not His greatest invention*." "It would be worse if you were spinning," Taylor said. Car journeys. Or rides at the amusement. That's when Mike knew to strike, because that's when Taylor would be feeling like throwing up her lunch. And a well placed prod would bring it all hurtling. "Huh?" "If they were spinning. Then they'd feel sick and dizzy, and the prodding would make them feel even worse. It would be the very last thing they'd want in the entire world." The dark demon stopped. Little yellow eyes flickered all over his body, roaming nebula, as he thought. "Say, that's a pretty good idea. It would be way worse. And it wouldn't take much more power to get the victim spinning." "What's my job, anyway?" "Huh?" "Well, you said I was hired, but you never said what my job was," Taylor explained. "So, what is it?" "Oh. You're a Tester. Like the guy getting prod-a-tronned. You make sure all the latest ideas He and the Inventors have, work. Simple job." Her eyes became bleary-misery. "But... I don't know," he added. "Maybe if you got another idea like that one you just had... Maybe I could put in a word for you. We need some more innovation down here, I reckon. The world up there is going to Hell without our help. We got to move forward. Progress." "Idea like what?" "A mean idea. Like the prod-and-spin. Say, that's a good name! Prod-and-spin. Or prod-and-whirl?" She considered. Remembered the time Mike put her hand in warm water as she slept. The time he swapped the sugar with the salt. The hundred other pranks that made her life a misery. "I've got a lot of ideas," she said. "And uh... If you do need a new Tester... I know someone who would *love* to help you." 