
The winter sunlight casts only a faint glow upon their faces, but it is enough for me to make my first deduction - these 50 years have been anything but easy. His hair is wispy silver; thin and disheveled. The years have made his skin sag. It is his face however, that is arresting; hard, fair and red. Someone who has known the mountains all too intimately. The sleeves of his shirt hang loosely by his side, like deflated tire tubes. I make it a point to ask him how he lost both his arms. She, is beautiful in an unsettling way. Her eyes are maple syrup, staring into a distant horizon from dark puffy eye sockets. Her hair is snow white, and falls straight to her shoulders. Her lips are sewn tightly shut. "Please help me understand this, because I've never seen anything like it before," I implore. "You friendship scores are close to zero. Lust, compassion, empathy, love all zero. How have you been together for fifty years?" The old man's face betrays no emotions but his eyes gaze deeply into mine. She, meanwhile, seems not to have heard me at all. Her eyes are still transfixed at the window; her face, a mask. I sit there for ten minutes, waiting for an answer. Neither of them gives me one. The silence is stifling and suffocating. The old man's eyes are on me the whole time; observing my restlessness, watching me glance at my watch, shift my gaze from him to her and back again. It is only after I repeat the question that his lips move. "Does the silence make you uncomfortable, son?" he asks me. I nod. "To us, it isn't. When the Seven Year War of Sorrow broke, we were still ourselves. We both fought in the war. I was born in Pakistan, and still had two arms before an Indian IED ripped them away from me. She was born in India. Mute, but could still listen and see, before my countrymen maimed her with those godforsaken sound and light torture techniques. I loathe the country of her birth as much as she hates mine. But after you listen to the sounds of war for seven years, only a life time of silence comes as comfort. I lost my wife, my family and my home. She saw hers taken away from her in front of her eyes. I cannot forgive what her nation did to me anymore than she can forgive mine for what they did to her." I try to find the right words, but I find none. I am grateful that he does not make me suffer in silence again and chooses to continue. "What brings us together you ask?" he says. "It is not love. To put it in a straightforward way, the aged are grateful for their walking sticks but do not fall in love with them. But enduring silence together is a lot more comforting than bearing it alone. In an absudly poetic way, us being together for fifty years has taught us what life is all about - learning to live with what you hate, and still making something good out of it. We are two birds with broken wings; one too scared to take flight and the other too scarred to sing." He took a deep breath and sighed. "You must forgive me, son. For fifty years I have not had much use for words. Using so many all at once has brought back the weight of fifty years. This is all I can say for now." My hands tremble as I jot down quick notes. "I... thank you. Please take care." I see his foot move gently over hers and tap her twice. As if brought back to life, she finally stirs from her static trance. She looks somewhere at the wall behind me and nods curtly. I watch him rise slowly from his seat, and stand in front of her. She places both her hands on his shoulder as they slowly amble out of the room. I finally understand how two birds with broken wings can still find a way to build a nest. Thank you for reading! You can find more of my work at r/whiteshadowthebook 