
When I was seven, a car crash took my right leg, and the only family I had. My parents had been only children, and my grandparents were dead. I may have had some distant relatives, but no one could find anything about my grandparents save my dad's birth certificate and my mom's childhood family photos. So I was shipped off to foster homes. I got lucky, and was adopted at nine. Young couple, he'd been adopted, and she aged out, so they felt they should adopt. It became clear they hadn't really wanted to. They weren't evil, just... unkind. Insulting, upset I wasn't the child they wanted. He pushed me in to sports, while she pushed for music. I disappointed both by being good at math. I got a couple scholarships and a job to put me through college. Went back that first summer, spoke to them on the phone for the first few birthdays after, but the communication died. I don't even know if they are alive. I was just finished teaching a GED prep class when they called me. The investigator I hired to hunt down anything on my family had stumble on them. They wanted to talk in person. I was thrilled. The building was a massive cinderblock, made of smaller cinderblocks. It had all the trappings of minimalist government office design. I gave my name to a stern looking receptionist, who glared fiercely as she typed it in to her computer, then suddenly lightened up, offering my water or soda, letting me know that the corner chair was wobbly. The man who came out to meet me could have played a young John Wayne. You got the feeling he was usually intimidating, but he had a huge smile on his face, was friendly as a puppy. He led me back to a small office. We chatted for a while before an older woman glided in. She was elegant and spoke with a British accent, something like Maggie Smith or Helen Mirren came to mind. "I want to tell you about your family," she began. "But first, I want you to realize something: humans are warmongering, cruel and evil beings." I chuckled nervously at the sudden change of mood. "That's hardly fair. I mean, there are good people out there." It was a half-step off a question. She took a deep breath, a measured pause, before speaking again, "They aren't humans. And neither are you." I laughed it off, but then they showed me. We had two species, two groups, living together on Earth for millenia. One, humans, is the dominant species, making up roughly 6.8 billion of the current population count. They are a race of vicious sociopaths who also happen to have pack instincts. They can breed far too easily, and are complete oblivious to the fact they aren't alone. And then there is the other species, hidden among humans. Fossil records show we developed separate, a case of convergent evolution. We breed far slower and are often weaker, but are more peaceful, more patient, and general more intelligent. It's assumed, if we were ever discovered, the Us vs Them, pack mentality, fear of the unknown, all the worst parts of human nature would paint us as enemies. But I choose to come forward, to expose our existence. Because we aren't enemies. We aren't here to replace you. We aren't here to destroy you. We aren't here to take your freedom. We are just trying to survive, to make our way in an uncaring universe. And we have better odds working together. I know it's hard, but I need you to trust me. To trust us. Because there is a third group. A third party who aren't humans, who aren't the others. They are here to replace you. A simple parasitic entity, that threatens our world, our hopes, our freedoms. And we can' t face them without you. 