
"She did it, damn it!" Detective Patel shouted, slamming his fists down on the cheap plywood desk, causing computers and coworkers alike to jump. "Hey, Nikhil, calm down," his partner, Sergei Kordev warned him in his thick Ukrainian accent. "Claire submit blood. It clear. She did not do it." Nikhil jabbed a finger at the screen. "Something's wrong, can't you see it? She was the only one who could have done it. No defensive wounds on the vic, they were alone, and she ran for four days! If she was innocent, why run?" "The girl was probably scared," detective Kordev shrugged. "Her boyfriend was killed in front of her. She didn't know what to do." "Most scared people go to the police," Nikhil muttered, pacing across the floor. "You wouldn't if you were a black girl caught in an isolated cabin with a body and enough drugs to kill a rhino," sergeant Jackson interrupted, walking in with her first coffee of the night shift. "Good evening, boys." "Sarge," Sergei acknowledged. "If they had the drugs, why was her blood so clear? That's a sure crime! Her blood is too white - has she never lied or cheated on anything in her entire life?" detective Patel demanded. "Blood doesn't lie," Sergei grunted, opening another case file. "Makes the job very easy, no? Boyfriend probably was selling them without her know. Knowing. His blood, not so clear, right? Maybe upset customer, gets in close before he realizes?" "And stabs him almost forty times before he dies? No way. He would have had to be asleep or high to not defend himself. Did we get a tox screen back?" "Ease up, Patel," Sgt. Jackson warned him. "Isabelle was on her vacation when the case came in, she'll run it when she gets back. It's not like we rely on forensics very much." Nikhil sighed, slumping down into his chair and leaning back. He ran a hand through his tousled hair and looked up at the ceiling. "Okay, picture this." Sergei sighed heavily, and Sgt. Jackson rolled her eyes towards the heavens. "Just hear me out," Patel huffed. They quieted, and he continued. "Imagine you're Claire. You've got this jackass of a boyfriend - sells drugs, runs guns, almost certainly beats her based on those bruises - a total deadbeat who has never held down a real job or even finished school. If you're completely pristine, milk-white blood, why are you clinging to this guy? Did he have something on her? How long does it take you to push back?" The sergeant shrugged. "Love is blind. Still doesn't explain the blood proving her innocence." "Love is stupid," Sergei corrected, rubbing an old wedding band. "But the sergeant is right. Blood is proof." "But it's not," Nikhil cried out, frustrated. "What if she faked the test?" "I administer test," detective Kordev growled. "Some sort of injected fluid under the skin of her finger?" "I verify with mouth sample, from gum," Sergei replied. "Clair would be very dead if she fill her body with embalming fluid." "Maybe it's some sort of genetic mutation. Animal blood doesn't change colour." "You're going to go up to a judge and tell him that a black girl is an animal," Sgt. Jackson asked, narrowing her eyes. "It's - I - That's not what I meant, Sergeant," Nikhil stuttered. "Uh huh," the nonplussed officer nodded. "Sergeant?" The discussion was interrupted by a young officer, still a rookie. Nikhil couldn't place the name of the tall, dark haired woman off the top of his head. "Some officers picked up a Claire Tyler after a botched bank robbery. Seems the hostage takers grabbed her and then tried to blame it on her." "Keep her in holding!" detective Patel shouted, grabbing his coat and badge. Sighing, his partner followed. 