
*this is my first time writing, so please be gentle, also typing on phone* --- I checked Facebook for the third time today, Lachlan had posted another status: > Just got back from the comedy show, literally dying . Never met a funnier man! Me and Lachlan knew each other from high school, we never really caught up but he was always really nice. After graduation everyone quickly spread out, with Facebook the only thing seemingly keeping anyone is touch. A loud shrill noise snapped me out of my reverie, I quickly got up and took the kettle off the stove and turned off the gas. As I made myself a cup of tea I looked out the window, there were rain drops on the glass and a deep grey fog hung over the city. In the distance I could hear a few sirens. The rest of the day went by uneventfully, I pottered around the house, enjoying my precious weekly free time. I ended up staying up late, caught binging Netflix and eating too much chocolate. I woke up quite late, as I lay on the couch were I had fallen asleep I checked Facebook again, amidst the ads and funny vids there was another post from Lachlan. I debated unfollowing him as I read it: > Waiting in line at the bank, had 3 people push in front of me! Literally about to leave this planet, so done. I let out a small giggle, the absurd idea of just upping and leaving the planet over something so petty was an entertaining thought. I never really travelled as a kid, and work prevented any as an adult, so anywhere past Sydney seemed might as well have been another planet. As I resumed scrolling I got an alert, the sound almost shocking, it was rare I got any interactions on Facebook. I checked it and saw that Lachlan had just posted again, tagging me this time. We hadn't talked in almost 2 years, which even furthered my puzzlement. I clicked the link. The page seemed to take an agonisingly long time to load, my curiosity enhancing my already intense dissatisfaction with Australian internet. The page loaded, revealing Lachlan's sparse profile. My eyes grazed over the friends section, 1 friend, I did a double take. "There's no way he only has one friend!" I muttered aloud in surprise, my eyes travelled down to the post: > Get packing @Jack I sat there, staring at that post for longer than I would care to admit before I started wondering about what he was saying in all his other posts, him literally dying, him literally wanting to leave the planet... They all felt like such common sayings, the word "literally" seemingly ubiquitous online, hyperbole so common. But it felt so odd that Lachlan would ever use such language, he always seemed to use such exact and measured grammar in his messages and notes. I quickly started to doubt myself, but before I could think further I was suddenly distracted by the kettle going off again, I got up to take it off the boil. I looked out the window, the same grey drizzle adorned the skyline, the streets slick with the second day of rain. I was startled by a sudden noise, a car screeched around the corner, suddenly coming to an abrupt stop just outside. A car door opened then quickly slammed. There was a loud knock, then another, and another, 3 more followed before I could even make it out of the kitchen. I quickly opened the door, Lachlan was standing there. "Packed yet?" he said, irritatingly calm. "uh, not yet" I stammered, unsure why I was going along with it, my brain screaming at me to ask what the hell was happening. "Where were we going again?" "Didn't you see my statuses?" he replied, a bit more urgent now. "Well, I skimmed them" "Good, grab your bag then, because we are literally running out of time!" --- I was hesitant to post this, as it's almost 1am and I barely proofread it, hopefully you enjoyed it <3 Edit:Woah! Thank you everyove for the kind words, I'll look at making a part 2 :) 