
ENTERING STANDARD SPACE IN 60 SECONDS Admiral Kayhill looked anxiously across the screens on the bridge. He didn't like this at all. Instead of the flood of information about the exit pointing showing he was presented with darkness on the screens. The Fifth fleet were responding to the strangest call Kayhill had ever heard. Not only were the Dray-Ki requesting support (the Dray-Ki didn't really do mundane things like having allies) but had requested them to arrive in sleuth mode. No Active Weapons. Heatsinks disabled and only passive sensors were allowed. Communication would be done solely by short distance Masers. Hell Kayhill had to order a team to find a way to disable the Running lights of his fleet. Kayhill pressed a button on his console opening up a broadcast to the rest of his fleet "Captains, I'm sure you share my distrust of the Dray-ki but lets not start a war simply because we think this is a trap. Follow your orders and ensure you're compliant. Before exit fire up your reactors and have all units at battle stations. We fear this is a trap but NOONE, repeat NOONE is to break the Dray-Ki rules until i give the word. There is to be no further communication on this channel until i say" "Admiral Kayhill - Out" ENTERING STANDARD SPACE Even after 80 years of flying the jump still shocks the system. Kayhill steadied himself against his console as passive sensors begin to fill the screens with data. He could make out the Dray-ki ships only by the stars they blocked out. He couldn't be sure but it seemed there must of been hundreds of ships at least, leaving the fifth fleet severely outnumbered. "Sir we're receiving a maser link" "Accept it" "Admiral Kayhill" an image of a Dray-Ki appeared on the screen. He had the standard markings of a high ranking Dray-ki officer tattooed to his skin "I am Commodore Yur-fin, we are grateful for your support" "We're glad to assist you in.." Kayhill still didn't understand why exactly they were here. "whatever this situation is" "we are grateful, forgive me for keeping you in the dark but when you know what we're facing i'm sure you'll understand" Kayhill took a step back. Was that fear in Yur-fin's voice? The dray-ki were one of the fiercest and most advanced species documented in the galaxy. What could possibly scare them? "What exactly is it you need commodore?" "We'd rather discuss this in person, we don't believe this channel is secure - do we have permission to board the ray?" Kayhill was not liking this at all, Masers were theatrically impossible to intercept except by physically blocking the beam. If this threat could intercept masers virtually then what weapons would they process" "You and an entourage are granted permission. We request you come unarmed." A small ding rang around the ship. the dray-ki were using a grapple to get onboard the Ray, they weren't risking the radiation from engines being detected. It took a few minutes to arrive but eventually they met in the Ray's state room. The screens were lit up with scans provided by the Dray-Ki. They were approxmiily 0.1AU outside of a large asteroid belt on the edge of the solar system. The System appeared to contain 8 planets with a few asteroid belts. The data showed a single habitable planet as well as another with evidence of extinct life. One of the dray-ki opened a large chest and presented a tablet like piece of metal with crude engravings. On of the fleets men quickly hooked up a device to present the tablet on the main screen. "Gentleman" One of the elderly dray-ki rose, his markings distinguished him as royalty "I am Emperor Gu-fo-sha-lin of Dray-ki, Protecter of the nine systems and commander of Drahs hammer. It is with great shame i ask for your assistance but i truly believe we now face the biggest threat our galaxy as ever seen." As you can see we discovered this ship. Upon investigating we released this was a map leading us here. as you can see the planets drawn here match what we can see-" "there's only eight planets in this system" Kayhill cut across, He still couldn't shake the feeling that this was a trap. Whilst relations had been peaceful for decades he still didn't trust the Dray-ki. "exactly. there are now only 8 planets in this system. The Ninth planet should be where we are now, instead theres an asteroid belt" A deathly slience gripped the room as the commanders and assembled diplomatic teams realised what was being said. after what felt like an eternity later the emperor continued to speak "Not only do we know this species has the power to destroy a large planet. We believe they are targeting us next. A new vessel has been spotted launching from the blue planet. It's vector is heading straight for our flagship. We don't know know how they spotted us or what weapons they are using. We were hoping you could help us... contain them" Another screen lit up to display a feed of a small rocket launching from the surface of the planet. Albeit a tiny vessel by any standard it struck fear into the species in the state room (to be continued (and possibly rewritten a bit)) 