
"What are you doing, Mizuo?" The voice came from the far end of the shop. He tilted his head just slightly and gulped as he caught sight of the most muscular man he had ever seen in real life. The giant towered, his hair easily brushing against the narrow doorway of the barber's as he squeezed his way in. Tattoes covered his arms, grinning dragons. "Hmm...? Oh. it's just you." His hair dresser set aside a set of scissors and picked up a comb, expertly running it through his hair with nary a pause. The large man scowled, those frighteningly cold eyes passing briefly over him before glancing up at his hair dresser. "That all you have to say? I hear you got promoted and what do you do-" "Quiet." His hairdresser's quiet voice cut firmly through the large man's rant. "I'm with a customer. Go in the back if you must." "Ha! As if you can get rid of me so easily, you disrespectful little-" The comb slid across a nearby table. The hairdresser picked up a long pair of scissors, seeming to hold it speculatively for a moment. Light gleamed off the stainless steel. "Mr Nitagawa." He started. The hairdresser smiled at him. "Please excuse me for a moment. Come on, Jin, we can settle this in the back." The big man, Jin, started to grin, his large fingers straining against his biker gloves as he clenched his hands into fists. "I'll teach you just what it means to-" They disappeared into the back of the shop. He sat there, heart beating slightly fast and mildly annoyed that his hair was still only half-cut. He heard a loud crash behind a moment later and jerked almost out of his chair. It was silent after that. He strained his ears. He sat back down, turning his chair slightly so he could observe the bead curtain separating the backroom from the store. A moment later, his hairdresser returned, smiling lightly. "Sorry for the wait, sir. Let's continue." His haircut was finished in moments. As he stood up, he considered the hair dresser- a fairly young man with dark, shrewd eyes and a profound ability to cut. "Should I call the police?" he said, "That hooligan looked like he might be trouble." The young man laughed, "Oh he's trouble, but nothing I can't manage. Jin and I...we're the same kind of people you could say. No need to have cops butting in." "If you say so." he left a sizeable tip with the hairdresser. The hairdresser smiled as he escorted him to the door. "Thank you for your service. You're very good at cutting hair." he said, half outside in the wet streets beyond. The hairdresser shrugged and gave him an amused smile. "I just enjoy my job. Cutting hair is relaxing. Low stakes, you could say." Not so modestly, he added, "Besides, I've always been great at cutting off loose ends." He thought he heard a low groan coming from the back of the shop. It must have been his imagination. The hair dresser waved at him as he left for the dark, rainy night outside. 