
Ever since I was little I always had an interest in learning about times and lives long past. Luckily for me, I seemed to have been gifted in that area, too. Long story short my childhood phase of being a huge history buff turned into the lifestyle of a college history professor. Now, I'm not here to profess my achievements and brag about my life. I'm here because something strange has been happening recently and it's made me question the framework of reality and everything I've ever known. The thing is, as far as I can remember I can't recall getting a historical fact wrong. I've always either brushed it off or chalked it up to being a diligent worker or no one caring to correct me. However thanks to what happened recently, I know that that isn't the case. So, to anyone wondering what happened, I'll tell it to you now. Originally, I did this to test my students -- to see if they were paying attention to the textbook as I read it to them. I looked down at the textbook carefully, then looked up at the sleepy, bored classroom and said, "...,South African human rights activist and president Nelson Mandela died in 2013..." Now, I know that isn't true, I'm sure everyone at this point knows that he died in prison in the 1980s. To my surprise and utter shock, when I looked down at the textbook, I caught a glimpse of moving words and read the words that had just come out of my mouth printed neatly on the paper. Now, while one peculiar thing is nothing unusual, I have been repeatedly testing this phenomenon. I told people that mother Teresa wasn't declared a saint while alive, told people the wrong lyrics to old songs and deliberately misspelled a bunch of things. And yet, everything I told people appeared to be correct after I said it. While all this might not be to bad, I have a confession to make, one that I doubt I can be forgiven for. I didn't know why I said what I said, I should have been more careful, I know I should have. I don't know why other than that I was just in one of those impulsive moods. I told one of my American history classes that there were 50 states and not 52. And so there were. Two states that I had grown up knowing existed just flat out disappeared. The thing is, I knew people from those places and now I can't find them. The world population has gone down by just a bit and that scares me. While not the largest places they still had a hearty 5 million people. 5 million people that just disappeared one day and whose disappearances I'm probably, no definitely responsible for. What scares me most though, is what happened to them. From everything I used to know about life and the universe, people don't just disappear. r/a_cgi_for_writing 