
The ceremony was as grandiose as ever. Mayor Han Yukimara pulled out his golden katana and raised it high, the spotlights glinting off the sharpened tip of the blade. The crowds cheered as the students stepped on stage. Every month, the ceremony to celebrate everyone's "coming-of-age" was held outside the town hall. A live band was scheduled to play in the town square alongside fireworks and festivities that would carry well into the night. Ryan Collins was amongst those standing on the stage. Fourteen in all, they all stood huddled together, grinning sheepishly as the crowds cheered, raising their own weapons in joyous merriment. A few rowdy people fired a few rounds from their automatic assault rifles, while others shot streams of water and flairs into the night sky. Yukimara lowered his weapon, given to him on his own coming-of-age ceremony, and turned to the young adults. "Today marks a momentous occasion in your lives," he started. "Today you cast aside your youthful ignorance, and blossom into the children that will lead the new generation!" The crowd cheered again as a huge, locked chest was brought on stage. Yukimara raised his katana and expertly sliced the padlock in two. The crowd watched in hush silence as Yukimara pulled out a scroll from the inner confines of his flowing black robe. "Sally Williams, step forward, reach inside the chest and claim your weapon!" A young blonde girl hesitantly stepped forward. The chest vibrated and clicked open, a dim light shining from within. She reached inside and pulled out a pair of glinting daggers. The crowd roared in approval and Sally grinned, returning to her spot at the back of the stage, inspecting her weapons. "Henry Callaghan, step forward, reach inside the chest and claim your weapon!" A stout young man strode forward confidently as the chest vibrated again. He reached inside and pulled out a huge iron broadsword. He raised it triumphantly as the crowd applauded again. One by one, those coming of age were called forward to claim their weapons. A young girl with ginger hair pulled a grenadier's belt from the confines of the chest. Another boy with sandy blonde hair returned with a Tommy Gun. Finally it was Ryan's turn. "Ryan Collins, step forward, reach inside the chest and claim your weapon!" Ryan gulped, looking out at the crowd. His mother, polearm in hand, waved at him. His father was beside her, Magnum revolver holstered at his side. The chest vibrated violently in front of Ryan as he faced it. He reached inside and felt his finger tips brush against a soft handle. His heart jumped. A sword! He gripped it tightly, confused by the softness of the handle. He pulled it out of the chest and raised it high, a triumphant grin etched on his face. The crowd looked on in horror. Ryan met their confused glances, unsure what they were murmuring about. He looked up at his weapon and his heart stopped. Wiggling in the slight breeze, a vibrant double sided dildo rested comfortably in his grip. Ryan lowered his weapon and sighed. This would require some explaining... 