
I suppose you could say it was my fear that led to me choosing my field of expertise in the first place. When I was young, against my mother's wishes, my father told me and eventually gifted me books full of stories regarding the dark and terrible secrets the oceans may hold. Unfathomable creatures beyond imagination, writhing around in cities of impossible architecture. Unnamed creations, beheld by an unnamed creator. Fortunately... well, regrettably... I've always been one to look into the abyss, so to speak. In this case, literally. I suppose you could say I do what I do not only for myself, but for the sanity of children all around the world. No more can parents tell tall tales of creatures of the deep, for I shall be there to cry "bullshit! There's many mysterious things lying in the earthen soup of life and death, but nothing so outlandish as gods of chaos and elders of reality!" I've been working as a full-time oceanographer for about three years now. People always ask me why I do it, but I generally just tell them "there's more upsides on the downside than you might expect!" In reality, I've continued to do it because, well, I suppose I'd like for my father to be wrong. I'd like for fictional things to remain fictional, and if they aren't, I'll find them and make sure they stay down there. This led to me being aboard the *Heaven's Dance* in the Southern Pacific Ocean last... October? November? Whenever it was. A long time ago now. I was doing what I do best, which this time was mapping out a trench far down below. Normally if I was working in the South Pacific, it was because I was curious as to whether or not someone had found the cursed city of R'lyeh yet, but this time, I was there on the whimsy of a marine biologist. Whatever his name was, he believed that he may have discovered a new type of species down below, only found in the seas just east of Australia. He described them as "marine sloths", if I recall correctly; barely moving, most likely to conserve as much energy as possible. But, sometimes, they would move quite... aggressively, despite their general behavior. More unusual was their hypothesised size and shape; almost humanoid. We travelled down to the deep from the *Heaven's Dance* in a submarine; an exceptional experience. It took us quite a while to get down, and I must admit, I was quivering. I'm not sure if it was from the cold or the fear. These days I've had more than enough of my fill of both, so I can't quite differentiate them anymore. We got low, and started moving through the trench. As we moved, I was sure to take as much note as possible for future reference; I wasn't sure if I'd ever have the chance to conduct my work so closely ever again. Finally, we saw them. The "Marine Sloths". Just as described by the biologist, but worse than imagination could ever predict. They appeared for all intents and purposes to be men and women. Coated in moss, bound in chains, swaying as if hanging on invisible ropes. There was no time to be shocked. I wish I said something sooner. "We're too close!" Anything. "You're a stupid fucking bastard!" "Who cares about fish anyway?" "Nobody cares about the Superbowl anyway!" I didn't know that it would be impossible to speak again. Before I knew it, one of them had lunged towards the ship, faster than most people can move *above* water. The sub was punctured, and everything went cold. Not because of the water, but because my blood was subsequently sucked from my body as fast as my hopes of ever seeing light again. That "sloth" was a bastard. He couldn't have just left me to swim back to the surface, no. He left me with his own chains and weights. He couldn't have turned the other crew-members of the sub for company, no. He drained them too completely. He couldn't have finished me off, let me die. No. Apparently there was too much spite in my blood for that. Somehow, in some way or another, that bloodsucking parasite knew. It knew I didn't believe. It knew I needed a lesson taught. At least, that's what I assume. There isn't much more to tell. Sometimes a fish will come close if I'm quiet enough, and I can snatch it and get a taste of its disgusting blood. I was never a fan of seafood, unfortunately. I've had plenty of time to reflect on why this happened. I'm guessing those were... ugh... *vampires*, and that, based on my current predicament, they aren't so easily killed. I'm assuming that they were thrown into the ocean to be disposed of by the good old vampire hunters of yester-century. It's either that, or I'm in a coma, and I'll eventually wake up or die. Hopefully. Just as vampires are stronger physically, they're also stronger mentally. At least, that's why I'm assuming I haven't had the pleasure of retreating into insanity yet. I don't know how long it's been since I got left down here, but I do know that it's day (night?) 6893 of telling this story. I'll see you all again tomorrow for 6894. I'm thinking about adding a sex scene. 