
* Ahem * Bindrel lived his life on a generation ship, like so many of our kind. Our planet had been nearly used up, and it was time to move on. "Next time, we'll do better", the elders would say, but Bindrel neither knew nor cared about what was or what would be. He had no memory of the vast oceans and towering mountains that had been left behind. He would never sit under the crimson skies of our destination, enjoying the fruits of the gardens that will eventually be planted there. Bindrel's lot in life was to survive, to procreate, and to die. Bindrel's life was no life at all. One miserable day of mindless drudgery followed another, until one day, while cleaning a waste duct, Bindrel heard a weak cry. Searching for the source, he happened upon a tiny creature trapped in a vent, sitting along the narrow 2-meter ledge and unable to climb the sheer walls. It was an unsightly type of vermin, covered in wrinkled leathery skin and having four ungainly limbs coming out at odd angles. Bindrel moved to crush the ugly thing, when he noticed that the leathery skin was in fact clothing! Maybe someone had lost a pet, or the product of some sort of weird hobby? Everyone passed their time differently, floating out here in the nothing. As he sat there considering the creature, the creature considered him right back, and then made a most surprising squeak. "Hey, buddy! Little help here? I gotta get to the grill marked 'Junction Red' up near your third shoulder." Bindrel's head whipped around, looking for the source of this prank. He was not by any means the most popular person on this ship, and this was exactly the type of thing certain folk would do to amuse themselves on their lifelong journey. "Seriously, pal, I haven't eaten in hours. Get me outta here! I know you can hear me!" The creature's mouth was definitely moving in time with the sound. If this were a prank, it was a very elaborate and well-planned one. No harm in seeing it play out, Bindrel thought as he lowered an arm. It clambered up onto the tip of his claw, and Bindrel brought it right in front of his face to get a closer look at it. "Alright, I'm game. What's the joke here?" "No joke, my friend. I just got trapped and needed some help. I broke a few rules asking for it, but it was that or starvation, y'know?" "But what are you? Some sort of toy? A robot? Who's controlling you?" "I control myself. I'm my own man, and don't let nobody tell you otherwise!" Bindrel barked a laugh. "Man? Why not just say you're a ghost or a god? I'd be more likely to believe you". "Men are no myth, my friend. You're looking at one right now! And if you've heard of us, perhaps you've heard what my kind can do? Just help me into that Junction up there and you can forget this whole thing ever happened...but I promise, your life will get better." So Bindrel did as he was asked, and the man scampered into the wall, never to be seen again. But day by day, Bindrel's life did get better. He'd wake up after a rest and see his work for the day already done. A friend who had lost touch would thank him for the gift he never sent. One day he was nearly mugged in one of the more unsavoury parts of the ship when his assailant simply collapsed, allowing him to escape. Now, I know none of us really believe this. It was easy to dismiss these as an old man simply making up stories to pass the time. But those of us who were close to him know that he truly believed. Every night he would leave out a pile of grumptions as an offering to the wee folk, and he swore that every morning a little part of the pile would disappear. Now that he's no longer with us, I'll do the same. I loved grandpa Bindrel, and sometimes tradition is more important than a perfectly rational life. If there are any men here, know that my grandfather was more grateful to you than you'll ever know. Thank you, and luck of the humans be with you all. 