
The path was long. Tall trees of Autumn stood guard against the winding road, embellished with fraying yellow leaves, branches hanging low like threads unable to stretch to catch beads. The sky behind the wild and unkempt forest was a blend of the shades of blue, pink hues seeping into clouds, gently reminding our protagonist the sun was setting. But Elfin, our wonderful adventurer wasn't even paying attention to the enchanted scenery. No, instead he had his arm outstretched, palm pushing into the bark, other hand holding his old and loose trousers still enough for him to have a clean piss. A great sigh of "oh". I suppose he wasn't having a piss. I suppose we won't go into it. Now, Elfin was supposed to be sat atop the tallest of trees, holding his hand crafted bow, a symbol of his family generations, its wooden body carved with the image of a winter phoenix. His eyes were supposed to be fixed upon the beautiful crescent sun, its arch formed by the moon sitting in its glory. His hands should have been mindlessly sliding between the arrows on his back. He should have been thinking about his true love who sat beckoning his presence as the saviour of Estathius. But no. Elfin was now fighting a fucking wolf. Not just any wolf but he had managed to conjure a spell to summon a demonic wolf from the furthest pits of Hell and in doing so, used the remains of the gifted powers his guardian, a strange wizard, had blessed upon him at the hour of his death. So fuck you Elfin. The time swung back like a pendulum, the magic from the wolf sparkling out like thousands of glass shards back into his fingertips, his injuries (a broken neck, arteries ripped apart, limbs half-eaten) reversed because I said so. Elfin finally looked up at the sky and spat at it the little fuck. "Go and fuck yourself, subtlesneeze," he roared at the sky, using a name unheard of before in the land of Estasthiusis or something that sounds like a slur of dumb letters. Elfin was born to save his world. Born for greatness and to be the new master of the Angels and not Elves like you might have thought you little judgmental shite. Well instead, the trees parted like the waters before Moses, the land turned into a pit of the shedded skin of snakes and fuck it I hate Elfin he hates me and ***you're*** bored so I've had enough k bye 