
I run into my eight year old self at Braintree Park. I was there with my sister, playing with these stuffed animal kittens she had that would purr when you pet them. My mom and my sister had gone to the bathroom. I remember this. I'm on the slide. It's sunset. It's summer. I take a seat on a bench and watch myself play. 8 year old me notices 32 year old me on the bench. I give myself a wave. I wave back. I was a friendly kid. I get my attention by bringing up Godzilla. I'm obsessed with Godzilla at 8. I talk to myself from the top of the slide. The 8 year old me stays up there, at a safe distance for both of us. "They do an American version eventually," I say. "There's actually two of them. The first one's terrible. The second one's okay. It stars really well-respected actors and actresses. I don't think any of them are really popular right now, though." The 8 year old me is enthralled. He's more interested in what Godzilla looks like. "Is it scary?" he asks. "Like Jurassic Park?" (I couldn't watch Jurassic Park until I was a teenager.) "People compared the second one to Jurassic Park," I say. "But, no, I wouldn't say either of them are that scary." "When does it come out?" "Years from now," I say. "But listen, before your mom gets back, I just wanted to let you know. You're about to move to a new town in a few months. This is actually the beginning of your life. It may seem like you've done a lot of living so far, but you haven't. Your parents build a house there and it's really big-- bigger than the house you've got now." "How do you know?" "Don't worry about it. You're going to be very shy and nervous about meeting all these new people and leaving all this familiar stuff behind, but it's going to be fine. I promise. You're going to get interested in a lot of new things and you're going to start growing very fast. You have to be smart about it. You've got to keep reading. And work on your ideas. Learn guitar as soon as you can. It's good for you. Get into music. I know you're not quite old enough to know what you like yet when it comes to that, but go through your parent's CD collection and find the things that stand out. You're going to want hobbies to carry you though adulthood. Oh, and be nice to your family. Friends will come and go, and you should hang onto them as long as they're good to you, but your family, and particularly your siblings, are most important." 8 year old me is getting bored. He's nodding enthusiastically, but he's just doing it to make me feel like he's listening. I know some of this will get through. I was that kid at one point. I'd say I take about 40 to 50 percent of my advice. I start playing guitar at 15. I start developing my musical tastes in middle school. I read Jurassic Park and It in 7th grade and that kicks off my reading habit. I start writing my own stuff in high school. It sucks, but that doesn't matter. "Oh, and don't be afraid of your teachers, even if they yell at you. They'll come and go. You'll even have a couple that you really like. Don't smoke weed at least until you're 21. You're going to have an opportunity to go get drunk in Canada when you're 19. Don't do that. I repeat, do not do that. If you remember one thing from this, it's do not go get drunk in Canada. Ever. Just avoid it altogether to be safe." "Are you from the future?" 8 year old me asks. "I guess you could say that." "What's it like?" "It's an awful lot like right now, except there's more computers." "What happens to me?" "You're doing fine, provided you remember what I just told you." "What happens to Ryan?" Ryan is my best friend at this age. He actually dies of an opioid overdose at the age of 29 after a lifetime of struggling with addiction and unemployment. Telling me that at this age would inspire dread and any assortment of complications. "I have to go," I say, getting up. "Your mom's coming back. Remember what I said." I leave myself there. When I'm almost out of the park, I turn and I watch myself go down the slide, my shoes sending the wood chips flying when I reach the bottom. 