
"Hey Fran. I heard that grandson of yours is coming up. You gonna give him an earful about being kind to others?" "Oh, you just know I am Debbie. You know me, I was kind to everyone I met, even the unpleasant people. And I got level sixty-four before it was my time. I haven't seen him do anything down there for anyone beyond holding the door for someone. That'll probably get him level three after a lifetime." Debbie chuckled, "If that. Lets see what the big man gave him score wise. Maybe he did some things we didn't notice and he'll get a five." Fran scoffed in disbelief. They watched the big screen as names flashed across until they saw the name they were looking for. Adrian Yew: In process. "They're probably trying to find at least a few instances so they can give him a pity level. I feel like if they looked hard enough they could have bumped me up to sixty-five. As if I needed it." Debbie silently agreed, eyes on the screen. Adrian Yew: 3008. Both of their mouths dropped in shock. They sat there staring, mouths agape as they tried to grasp the number on the screen. They stared for so long, the person in question approached them without their notice. "Heya Gran. Missed you." He smiled, a big toothy grin, that would have warmed their day if they hadn't still been in a stupor. "How?" Fran uttered, needing answers. "Oh, yeah. I heard you held the record for a long time. Sorry to break that for you. The big guy told me I won based on the quality of the points as opposed to the quantity." Still, they stood, unmoving. Not quite understanding what that could mean. So Debbie asked. "But, what's that mean?" *"It means"* spoke a voice that everyone knew from the depths of their souls. *"That while Fran may have engaged it more acts of kindness; Adrian did so without intentions to benefit from said kindness. He expected nothing in return. Nothing to reap from what he sowed. He was kind to people who showed him hatred. He showed love to those who would shun him. He gave without expecting to receive. When he showed kindness, it was in secret ways that were not known by the recipients. A quarter in a meter. An anonymous note left on a desk. A kind word from a stranger these are the ultimate forms of kindness. That is why he shall receive riches beyond compare. Fran knew of my love and my promise from a young age, and acted with kindness knowing I would repay her in my Kingdom. Adrian did not know me until he was already an old man and had seen the hatred of the world. Still he showed his love to a world that gave him none, but still persisted until he realized the truth of the life. Upon his death he received life, and the kindness he showed will be returned tenfold. As was promised.*" Fran sat stunned, humbled before both the booming Voice and the lesson she learned. She had thought she was done learning when she died, but now she knew she was still but a disciple. She stepped forward and embraced her grandson who had surpassed her. "I'm proud of you." She whispered, ashamed at her ealier thoughts of him. "You're a better person than me." He shook his head, "I am no better or worse than anyone. You are who you are and I am who I am. You should never try to be anyone other than yourself. You are the way He made you. I love you, Gran." Her tears spoke louder than she ever could. 