
"E-Excuse me?" the lone figure by the door said as he slowly swung the door open. Liz quickly picked the dusty book up from the floor as she flashed a soft smile to the newly-arrived customer. "Good afternoon! How may I-" "I-Is that book yours?" the customer said, disrupting Liz's greeting with a rather stern and worried look. "This?" Liz flipped the dusty old book up to show the cover to the customer's nod, "oh, well apparently we've had this book for some time now. Only realised it was there when it fell a minute ago-" "How much?" *This guy... he's pretty straightforward huh?* Liz thought as she recoiled ever so subtly. "Er, since this is a pretty old stock, Imma have to ask the manager/owner-" "I'll give you," the still-stern-faced customer pulled out a pouch and started scooping up some metal coins, "500 gold coins? What do you say?" *Gold coins? Pfft, this guy lived in the medieval age or something?* "Sorry, sir. We only accept cash, as in-" Just as Liz was about to politely explain to the customer, he then pulled out a small glowing dagger out of his black coat. The dagger was clearly made out of some sort of exotic metal - or rather alloy - that spoke of the excellent make of the weapon. The hilt was a well-polished golden ivory, slightly textured in a scale-like pattern. To say that the dagger was a work of art more than it was a weapon would not be wrong at all. Yet the man holding the exquisite dagger clearly did not intend to simply make a show-and-tell with the way he brandished it. "I reckon it would be better for you to simply throw the book this way whilst the offer still stand, lady. It would be a shame if I have to forcefully take it from your cold dead hands, don't you think?" the customer said in a threateningly deep voice, with the sharp edge of the dagger pointed towards Liz's hands. Liz simply froze. She could not think for the life of her on what she should do. What crossed her panicking mind at the moment was the time when she was mugged on the street just after she got off the bus from work. Even then, she could only froze in place, not reacting at all. She remembered how the mugger simply took her purse and left after shoving her down violently. *Fuck! Please, I can't do this again!* "S-Sir... I'm begging you. I-I don't wanna get in trouble," Liz begged vaguely to the armed customer. "If you don't, then do what I bloody well say!" The clearly-more-annoyed customer shouted at Liz. Liz let out a yelp as she her whole body shook in fear. Just then, a small bell attached to a door by the back of the store rang. As the door swung open, a gust of stale air blew past Liz and the armed customer. A stout middle-aged man appeared and began to calmly walk towards the two in the store. "Well, well, well. If it isn't Mr. Dowes. I've been waiting for a while, now," the stout man said as he made his way to lead Liz away from the armed customer. *Mr. Dowes? What's going on?* "Mr. Harris, I think we should call the co-" "No, no, Liz. I got this one, you just run along to the back," the stout man - Mr. Harris - said calmingly whilst gently stroking her back like a parent would to their scared child, "everything's fine. Isn't that right, Mr. Dowes?" Rather than a clear-cut answer, the customer - Mr. Dowes - simply let out a laugh. His laugh was then accompanied by his sheathing the dagger from earlier, to the brief relief of Liz. "I see, so *you* truly did not die after all, huh?" Mr. Dowes said as he extended his arm towards Mr. Harris. "Yes, *old friend*. Good to see you again. Though might I suggest you smile more and not threaten my lovely employee, Liz, over here?" Mr. Harris laughed along with Mr. Dowes whilst their hands grabbed one another in a jovial manner. *Clearly something's up...* "I expect one of you to either apologise or start explaining..." Liz said. "We were comrades from a time when the world isn't as peaceful as today, Liz," Mr. Harris responded. "You mean like, World War II or something like that?" Liz asked trivially. "No, my dear. *Way* back," Mr. Dowes said as he turned open the book Liz was holding. 