
"I'm not a bad person. I mean it. I'm really not. I pay my taxes, I volunteer at the shelter. I take care of my kids, even now when they're grown. I love to see their faces when they open presents at Christmas time. It gives me such joy - to get to play dad, to play the husband. You wouldn't understand. There's such a thrill in getting to live two lives. To be something different than what you are. It's a game I like to play. I fooled you all for thirty-seven years. Thirty-seven years. Now the time passes like water down a drain. At first, each kill was exciting. I'd wait until the house was empty and I'd go inside. I'd wait and wait and time was almost still then. You could hear each ticking second pass like a heartbeat. The thrill was tangible, erotic even. I could taste it. Once I was done I'd have to leave the evidence somewhere, pack it all away in trashbags and quicklime. I'd have to deal with all the tedious miserable logistics of it all, the kits of tools and the flights back to Eugene. It exhausted me, but it was always worth it. The game was always worth it. And I'd get home and kiss my stupid wife and kids and they'd never know. I loved to fish. I told them that. I needed peace and quiet. I needed a break from work. It consumed my life, you know. Being a boss. Being a father. It was so tiring, so exhausting. And it was. It was fun, but tiring to play the henpecked husband. Now, in my retirement, it's even more draining. I don't get out the way I used to. I don't get to have fun anymore. All work and facades. And still you've never found me till today. It was so satisfying to have them all fooled. To have you all fooled. How many have you even pieced together? Seven? There's dozens more. I'll show you sometime. You'll see. I want my legacy remembered in the entire. But let's talk about legacy. I know that I shouldn't have done that Ancestry kit. It was careless, I know. You have so much technology now. It's not like it was in the nineties. Back then things were simpler and safer. And the Ancestry shit, well... it was Brendan's idea, and you do know how I love my kids. He wanted to know his roots, his heritage. Who am I to deny him that? Make sure he sees. Make sure he knows. I see your SWAT teams and negotiators. I hear your helicopters. But I'm not going to put up a fuss. I know what's in my blood. It's time the rest of them do too." 