
*Nicholas is helped up by a man with an old early 20th Century Army uniform* The man spoke with a thick accent through his gas mask: "GET UP!...... it's not safe here" Nicholas: *looks around and noticed the trenches, bombed out craters, kilometers of barbed wire as well as gunshots in the distance* "where am I? I assumed Hell but this doesn't seem quite right" A Confederate runner sprints up to the WW1 German soldier: "Fritz, a message from General Zhukov, we are to fall back, the forces of Satan are to str......." *The runner stops noticing Nicholas* Fritz: *noticing Henry the runners confusion* "He's new, just died on earth. He's an American I think" Henry: "Oh I see, Welcome to Hell's Civil War, anyway we need to leave. If you stay here Stalin's SS and Hitlers NVKD will kill you on sight. Satan has no need for new recruits" Nicholas instinctively joins Henry and Fritz as they get into a Jeep headed back towards camp. *On the way back, driving through the ruins of the city made mostly of old castles* Nicholas: *looking at all the destruction* Henry: "must be a tad confusing, but cry not, hell wasn't much better before the war" Nicholas: "how'd a civil war even start?" Henry: "well it started with Satans son, he spent a lot of time on earth, originally to spread hate, ignorance, and create situations that would cause mankind to degrade into barbary....... but then the carpetbagger got bored and just started to watch, eventually take part in human society. From my understanding he made friends and learned to appreciate people. On his return to Hell he pressed his father for more rights and less torture. At first it was granted but then Satan felt his son crossed a line when demanding that Hell abolish torture, purchase air conditioners from Heaven, and establish Embassies and free movement and trade with Valhalla, the Underworld, the Pure land, Limbo, and even Earth itself........ Satan doubled down on torture and suffering to his sons dismay. Fritz: "so as a response Lucifer took all his supporters and marched in Hells capital, which surprisingly enough is an exact copy of Las Angeles in the 80s....... I'v never been I died in 1917..... but long story short Satan ordered Saddam Husain's Honor Guard to fire on the protestors" Henry: "This led to the civil war, everyone in Hell is 'bad' but some more than others, the moderates, opportunist, and those brought here on technicalities all sided with Lucifer......... but the true evil.... the wicked.... the fanatical all sided with Satan." Nicholas: "so what brought you two down here?" Fritz: "I shot an unarmed English pilot who came up to our trench from behind to surrender.... my friend Hans was killed a day earlier by an English sniper... so in a fit of rage upon seeming his English insignia....... i shot him point blank 7 times. Before I really grasped what I'v done a bombing raid trapped me in a tall trench and I drowned as it rained that night" Nicholas: "And you Henry?" Fritz: "Um he doesn't like to talk about it" Henry: "No it's alright........... I survived my war...... but I took part in a lynch mob during reconstruction. I didn't tie the rope around the negro's neck but I was guilty all the same. I died a bitter old man never accepting responsibility for my inhumanity. It took fighting with blacks here in hell to realize my mistake" *the Jeep rolls up to base amp where soldiers from all eras are seen running around preforming various tasks* Henry: *steps out of the Jeep, motioning for Nicholas and Fritz to follow* "we need to speak with Lucifer, we were out on a raid when we found you" Fritz upend up a tent to see Lucifer talking with some Viet Kong scouts. Fritz: *surprised* "Oh, Lucifer am I interrupting?" Lucifer: *excited* "oh of course not, what's the word from the front?" Fritz: "as we we suspected, Satan has relied to much on his brutish demons for his manpower, he is able to teach some to drive tanks but individuals with the mental capacity to fly planes are few and far between. We still control the skies" Just then the famous Soviet diplomat Vyacheslav Molotov steps into the rent. Molotov: "Sir I just got back from Heaven, God sends his condolences but he can't give us the Red Barren or any 'noble' soldiers of that matter" Lucifer: "ugh as I assumed, tell general Zhukov to meet up with Reza Shah Pahlavi and push against Pol Pot, if Satan sends Himmler to reinforce then our Imperial Japanese pilots can bomb their supplies lines." Lucifer: *noticing Nicholas* "as for you, I have a special project in mind, our spy the Zodiac killer tipped us off to Satans plan to win the war. There's are no nuclear weapon here, the geology and geography of Hell makes Uranium non-existent but Satan plans to buy some from Kali, the Hindu God. The price is steep though as the Hindu realm is the only spiritual place that can mine it." Nicholas: "so Satan is trying to build bombs?" Lucifer: "yes, but no one smart enough to be a nuclear physicist has joined his side, few humans have...... so he has resorted to capturing our scientist and forcing them to work for him. Your mission is to find J. Robert Oppenheimer and smuggle him out from behind enemy lines" Nicholas: "but sir I was only a college janitor in my past life this is above my skill set" Lucifer: *smiles* "here in Hell, my friend, we believe in second chances" *hands Nicholas a shotgun* Edit: part 2 (the actual compound raid) is in the replies, I got really bored at work and wanted to expand the universe 