
I used to think that I was the descendant of King Arthur. At least, until I learnt that there was no real evidence of King Arthur ever existing. Now I have no idea who these mysterious knights are. I once tried asking online, describing their armor in as much detail as I could, but no one was able to piece it together. Of course, if I ever try to talk to any of the knights, or otherwise make contact with them, they simply vanish. Other people do notice the knights, but they never seem quite as alarmed as they should be. They simply act as if a large group of knights appearing when a high-school boy is in danger is a perfectly natural thing. Trying to ask them about the knights after or before the fact gives strange results. For example, when I told my friend Fredrick about the knights He didn't believe me and thought I was making things up. When he later witnessed the knights appearing to break up a fight between me and Lance, he acted as if nothing was out of the ordinary. When I then told him that these knights were the knights I was talking about earlier, he acted like they were totally different things. It was at around that point that I gave up on trying to explain to people about the knights. Anyways, after each bully in school had in turn got their ass handed to them by the knights, they stopped pestering me, so I wasn't really in danger that often. Of course, I was quite surprised to see them at the graduation ceremony, sitting on a bench all by themselves. My mind started racing. What could possibly have been dangerous here? Was someone planning to shoot me? Did someone plant a bomb in the school? If there was a bomb, how would the knights protect me? I scanned the audience looking for anyone suspicious, but there was no-one (except the knights themselves of course). One by one, each student came on stage to accept their diploma. I nervously looked back to the knights after each one, but they didn't move. Eventually, I was called to the stage myself. Quaking in my shoes, I stepped on the stage, trying to reassure myself that whatever danger there was here, the knights would protect me. Even as I received my diploma, the knights remained still. No bomb exploded, no sniper fired a shot. My terrified face probably made for a bad picture, but I didn't care. When I finally sat down, the student sitting next to me asked "So what are you planning to do after high-school." I had never really considered this question before. As I thought about it, I heard the clanging of metal, as before either of us could react, we were surrounded by the knights. Maybe I should've thought about it a bit more after all. EDIT: If I decide to add a part 2 it'll be a /r/zigman32writes EDIT2: Part 2 exists now! (Pherhaps eventually a part three) https://www.reddit.com/r/zigman32writes/comments/6f5unq/the_knights_part_two/ EDIT3: Part 3, the final part, exists now! https://www.reddit.com/r/zigman32writes/comments/6f896g/the_knights_part_three_final/ 