
"Can someone get the lights? Thank you. Roll 12, please." Those gathered in the conference room went quiet as they watched the video. It showed a black and white collie pacing in a cage. It faded to black, then showed the same dog, laying down in the cage, panting and whining. Another cut, and the collie was lying on its side, its panting weak. Then the final cut, which showed the collie motionless. "Recon has discovered a planet that has huge deposits of naturally occurring dihydrogen monoxide, or DiMo as its known in the unregged markets. Entire species of animals - roll 15 and then 18 please - have evolved *in tandem* with DiMo, such that it forms an integral part of their physiology. This is light years beyond giving birth to offspring addicted to methamphetamine or Kellorian Red; no matter what species we're talking about - 25, please - they all go through the same stages. First, anxiety and/or irritability. Then full-blown withdrawal symptoms, physical and psychological suffering from the absence - 28 and 30 - of the DiMo, leading to increasing fatigue. In *all* cases, no matter what alternatives are explored, the final stage is death. We are talking about life forms that cannot survive without regular fixes, frequently multiple times per planetary rotation. "50, 52 and 55, please? The dominant life forms are these Pordixoid creatures. Despite appearances, their bodies are more DiMo than anything else...it literally courses through their veins. It pervades their existence to such an extent that when exerting themselves, they excrete the drug from their very skin. This, frankly, puts the Survival Houses of Marillion V to shame - and I will say I was on the ground there for over 5 stellar orbits. You cannot comprehend how insidiously DiMo has taken over life on this planet. 60 through 63. The Pordixoid creatures typically ingest it, sometimes in large doses, but those who are too frail and sickly to ingest it will have it injected directly into their circulatory system. They swim in it as recreation; they bathe in it. I would argue that we are not even talking about addiction any more, so much as a nightmarish example of evolutionary parisitism that rivals the brain snakes of Turqulonn." The lights slowly came back on and one of the audience members raised its tentacle. "So...what are we going to do? How do you rehab cases this extreme?" The speaker turned all of his eyes to study the audience member. "Rehab is a non-starter. And the quantity of DiMo freely available - pure, uncut, no refinement or distillation needed - is in the trillions of kilojubbers. The stuff literally falls from the sky. It cannot be allowed to fall into the waiting hands of dealers, especially gangs with FtL capabilities - they could have entire systems addicted to the stuff before we even know the planet's been discovered. "Top brass has discussed it and this is going to be a planetary de-engineering. It's regrettable to do a full PD on what is, by some metrics, a flourishing planet...but I think if you consider the facts, there's really no other choice. The PD is scheduled for four meganoots from now. Get some food, suit up, and then get to your stations. "And may Zorthrak, the Winged Star, have mercy on our porps." *** /r/ShadowsofClouds 