
######[](#dropcap) Her head pounded. Luna groaned and brought a hand to her temple, massaging it. She was never going to drink again. Then again, it hadn't really been her choice. It had either been drink or suffer through another night of missing his sorry ass. Her eyes slowly blinked open. Above her head, the stars illuminated the night sky in a way she'd never seen before, shining so brightly she felt like she could almost reach up and catch one. Then she blinked again. The night sky? She shot up, her head whipping around and taking in the road lined with stone buildings. No wonder her pillow had been so hard. She'd been laying on the cobblestone path. The only light came from the torches that were set up in intervals along the road. Where are on earth was she?? She was supposed to be in her bedroom. Luna scrambled to her feet, taking in the empty streets and the medieval looking buildings. This couldn't be possible. No. There wasn't a single soul in sight, and the only sounds came from the crackling fire of the torches. "Hello?" she asked cautiously. Her voice--higher pitched than usual--echoed in the empty street. The silence was unnerving. So, rubbing her arms with her hands to warm them up against the slight chill of the night air, she moved on. If she could find someone, she could ask them what was going on. If this was some kind of sick joke. Walking up to the nearest house, she pulled up the bronze knocker and knocked three times. After a moment, no one had answered, so she knocked again. "Hello?" she yelled, cupping her hands around her mouth. "Is there anyone there?" Suddenly, she heard it. A sound like hooves clopping against cobble, and not just one, but many, many of them. Distant, but after a moment, they became accompanied by yelling and shouting. Luna panicked. She had no idea who these people might be, and if she'd really by some strange twist of fate ended up sometime else in history, the history lessons Mrs. Moore taught her didn't go forgotten. A girl sitting out in the streets meant certain death. So without a second thought, she began sprinting down the road as fast as her legs would take her. Faster than she'd ever run in her life, without daring to take a glance back. The sound of hooves grew closer, and she could hear the voices more clearly now. They didn't speak English. The speech patterns were smooth and rapid, but it was not a language she recognized. It was coming from a ways behind her, slightly to the left, but soon enough they would be on the road, and they would be able to see her. Just as she was about to break out in a sob, lamenting her fate, something tugged on her arm, dragging her into relative darkness. They slapped a hand against her face, muffling her cries, and dragged her deeper into the alleyway. She was going to die. She was going to die in some random place and time in history or in her dream, and she wouldn't have had a chance to apologize to her best friend. Even as she reached back to try to claw at the person, they nimbly dodged her attack. "Be quiet, unless you want to die." There was a slight accent to the guttural voice, but it was recognizably female. Confused, Luna stopped struggling. By now, they had left the main road a little ways, and the person had dragged her behind a large barrel that reeked of fish. Not more than a second later, their surroundings lit up as the reflection of flames danced on the building walls, the sound of keening and loud shouting mixing with clopping sounds as the men on horses blazed past. Her heart pounding in her chest, Luna breathed in large breaths through her nose. When it finally became silent again, after what seemed like a million seconds ticked by, the person finally let go of her, removing their hand from her mouth. She spit out the taste of grime and dirt, wiping her mouth on her sleeve. Then she whipped around. And stared at the girl who was probably around her age, or maybe a little older. It was hard to tell because of the dim lighting and because of the grime that covered the girl's face. But there was no mistaking the large, clear eyes, the pigtails, and the cloth dress. "You must not come out after dark," the girl implored her in the same guttural voice, and for a second, Luna wondered if the girl smoked. Then the girl turned around and began to walk towards the other direction. "Wait!" Luna walked up and grabbed her hand, feeling the rough calluses on the girl's palm. It felt like the hand of an woman who had lived many, many years. "Where am I? And who are those men? Why did you save me?" The questions spilled out like a waterfall, the sentences running over each other in their haste to escape. The girl glanced at her with pity in her eyes. "You have lost your home? So have many of us to the Riders." "No, wait. I haven't...where are we? What year is this?" The girl gasped. "They have taken your memory too." She reached up with one hand and caressed Luna's face, the roughness of her fingertips strangely calming. "It is the fourteenth hundred and ninety-seventh year of our lord. You are in England." ***** EDIT: [Part two](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/986ffe/wp_you_wake_up_in_the_1400s_dark_ages_with/e4e4t11/?utm_content=permalink&utm_medium=api&utm_source=reddit&utm_name=WritingPrompts) is below! 