
*44 YARDS NORTH A CHILD LIES FACE DOWN IN THEIR POOL, UNATTENDED. DEATH IN 172 SECONDS. TIME TO RUN.* The ring compelled me to run. I didn't really even know which way was north, but my body pulled me off in some direction and I followed it, fast. Or, as fast as I can. I'm not much of a runner, but when you are told to run, it awakens some other primal encouragement, doesn't it? I sprint down the alley, I run past the McDonald's on the corner, and on through some dentist's parking lot. I am out of breath, covered in sweat, but not tired, really. Like there is some other energy lifting my legs up and I'm just riding the momentum, but not used to it yet. I cut through the tree line and find myself in a residential area. Lots of flowers, identical mailboxes, minivans, the like. My ringed hand pulls me forward, and jerks right. *DEATH IN 30 SECONDS. HURRY.* Fuck. My mind is racing, the fucking voice again and a chill runs through me. I'm in someone's yard, I don't see a pool. I smell chlorine. Next house has a fenced backyard and I try my best to get over it quickly. The kid is on top of the water, laying there like he's sleeping face down. No hesitation, the ring doesn't allow it. I jump in the pool, I grab the kid, I pull him out, I beat his chest and shake him. He coughs. The ring burns. He coughs. Water jumps out of his chest. "Who are you?" I open my mouth to answer and a scream fills my ears. A woman, the kid's mom, is running to the pool. A screen door slams behind her. The ring burns. I try and think of something to say, "I found the kid in the pool!" The woman doesn't look at me. She runs to the pool. She jumps in. She grabs something, and is sobbing. She yells at it, she pulls it out of the pool. She beats on it. Silence. I can't really tell what it is... Something feels off. The ring burns. The kid looks at me, "What is happening to me?" My hand is throbbing. I try to take the ring off. *GOOD JOB. 200 FEET SOUTHEAST. A MAN LIES IN BED, SURROUNDED BY HIS FAMILY. DEATH IN 190 SECONDS. ESCORT HIM.* 