
After three weeks, she finally dropped the pretense. The new 'nurse' had started just three weeks ago. During that time, my condition has still slowly worsened - the daily march of the cancer would not stop, and the weakness progressed and the pain intensified - but she kept trying. It was the damn water cup. She would very carefully slip a few drops from a vial into it. Not much, but depending on what it was, probably enough. Her care, however, didn't extend to preventing me from seeing. She was just barely making sure I saw the vial, the cup, and her eyes. Her eyes were normal, except in that moment. In that moment, they were like orbs of pale blue light. It was only a moment, but she wanted me to see. I could never figure out why. I made an excuse about not being thirsty, and later accidentally knocked the cup over. She sighed, wiped it up, and grabbed another... with no addition from the vial. For three weeks, we went through variations of this game. I thought about reporting her. But while I knew every other nurse and assistant by name, I didn't know hers. I wasn't even sure I could describe her. She had hair, skin and eyes, but I could never bring to mind what color they were. More importantly, she never felt threatening, even when I caught her. She just seemed... tired. Then, she decided to come clean with me. She shut the door. This was not uncommon, but she moved.... differently. Not trying to hide what she was doing from people. I didn't feel afraid - after all, what could she do to me that the cancer wasn't? She walked over to the bed tray, and placed the vial on it. "I've been trying to be subtle - it helps make people feel less guilty - but I think I need to be clear and direct with you. Is that OK?" I nodded. She closed her eyes. When she finally opened them again, the pale blue orbs of light were back. "I think you know what I am. You may try to avoid thinking about it, but now is the time to." "I have my suspicions, but it's kinda hard to articulate..." The caregiver sighed, and it was such a heavy sigh it almost hurt. "I'm an angel. Specifically, an angel of death. I'm here because you are dying. You know that, I know that, your doctors know that, your family knows that. It's inescapable." "Then why not just take me?" "That's not quite how it works, I'm afraid. You will die, and I will take you then. I can't force that to happen. I can, however, give you the choice. I decide whether or not you get the choice." "What choice?" "The choice of going sooner. It's not suicide - it's admitting that you are dying, and moving on to the afterlife without fighting, without hurting, without extending the misery. It's an act of mercy that makes the pain stop. That's why I made sure you saw." "So... why are you telling me this?" "Cancer is... an aberration. It's the body deviating from God's plan. It doesn't happen because He willed it. It happens because the world seeps into you over time, and He can only protect you so much here. It's your body exercising free will, even when your mind and soul would not. The choice isn't just for those losing a battle with cancer, but many falling this way deserve the choice." "OK... but why are you telling me this now?" She chuckled. Her eyes shone, just a bit brighter. "Well, for three weeks, I've offered you the choice, and you've declined. I was prepared to offer it again today, but..." She paused as she picked up the vial, brought it close to my ear, and shook it. "It's empty." "What does that mean?" "It means that I can't pour them from the vial, so you would have seen me do this." She picked up the foam water cup - which she had already filled without fanfare earlier - and held it under her face. Then, she quietly cried, and faintly glowing tear drops fell into the cup. "It means nothing more than I would have needed to replenish the vial, and I felt it a good opportunity to explain the situation." "Will it hurt?" "No. Much less than what is to come otherwise. It's just like drifting to sleep." "What about my family?" "They will have to deal with this heartache anyway. This allows them to do it without having seen you at your very lowest." I couldn't say anything. I had no more questions. She got up from the side of the bed. "I don't blame you if you don't take up the offer. It's a hard decision. I'll still offer as things progress." "It's OK." I took a drink. She smiled, held my hand, and we left together. 