
The blade came biting through the neck, sending the head toppling into the basket. The dirty crowd of villagers cheered out. "Have they gone insane?" I asked, stepping through the maddening crowd. The villager's faces were bent and twisted in wrath as they shouted up to the man who seemed to be fueling their furor. We had just arrived. My partner, Isaac, and I. The shops were empty, the schools silent. All were at the town center where a man stood on a large podium, calling down to the crowd. He had a severed head raised in his hands. "They have cheated you, stolen from you," he cried. "And it is your time! Your time to exact revenge on these thieves and charlatans." The whole kingdom had gone into upheaval as a secret society methodically set into motion a revolution. At first the emperor saw it as a joke, then an annoyance. By the time it was seen as a threat it was too late. The whole country had devolved into anarchy. We stepped up to the platform, the guillotine sat like a monster in the sun. The blood dripping from its bladed maw. The man on the platform had on a long black robe, his silver hair was blowing in the wind. "We must kill every last one of them!" he shouted, then tossed the severed head to the crowd who cheered and tried to catch it like a bouquet toss on a wedding. "My god," Isaac said, looking at the blade of the guillotine. "It is made from the metal of Anthorian." I sucked in my breath, looking over at Isaac. He was one of the greatest alchemist in the kingdom and would know these things. They were harvesting the souls of these poor people then. "What do we do?" Isaac asked. "The only thing we can do," I said, pulling off my hood and unsheathing my sword and lifting it into the air. "Silence!" I shouted over the crowd. I pointed the blade to the man in black. "This is over," I said. "In the name of the Order of Salith, you are guilty of murder, insurrection and treason." The man in black looked at me for a few seconds. The crowd stepped back, the wind blew through the square. A few of the prisoners were still mewing in the corner. The man in black stepped up to the guillotine, the pine wood of the platform creaking under his feet. He pulled the guillotine's blade off its support then attached it to a pole sitting on the ground and lifted it up like a giant cleaver. The Anthorian metal shining a metallic blue in the sun, the blood still dripping from its edge. "Come and stop me, Amos" the man said to me. I could see the energy of the stolen souls travelling from the metal, down along the pole, and into the body of the soul reaper, then cresting in his glowing eyes. 