
I only rubbed the lamp as a joke. It was *just a stupid fucking joke* between my friends and I as we were bored standing around the antique shop where we worked. It was a hole in the wall joint in a bad part of town so we were lucky if we saw three actual customers a day. With that spirit crushing reality, of course we had to find ways to keep ourselves amused. Whenever the boss was out we'd start tossing faberge eggs back and forth, or pretend to ride on the carved elephant, or pose with the ancient statues to simulate all manner of 'crude acts' and snap some hilarious photos that were sure to get massive amounts of likes, and hearts, and upvotes from the wider world. This day was no different, right up until it was. "Hey guys! I own the magical genie lamp now, how much will you pay me for one of my wishes?" I asked, grinning while holding the lamp dramatically above my head. "Like three bucks, with your luck it'll be the world's shittiest genie," one of my best friends teased me. "Look at that rusty old thing. You're more likely to get tetanus than a couple of genie wishes Becca!" another said, laughing at me. I began speaking in an over the top melodramatic voice, "Oh mighty genie of the lamp, I summon thee from thine prison to serve me and grant my wishes, including but not limited to those $200 boots I want!" I furthered the joke by dramatically rubbing the lamp between both my hands like I was trying to start a fire. It wasn't a fire I summoned, but there sure was plenty of smoke. I was extremely startled as it billowed out of the lamp and began swirling around the room. It was smoke of every color imaginable all at once and it moved in unnerving and unnatural patterns. Finally it formed into a massive figure, three times the size of any of us. The genie I had sarcastically requested had arrived. Sadly he didn't look half as friendly as Will Smith or Robin Williams. His expression was stern, bordering on angry. "Rebecca Elizabeth Watson, by the laws of the ancient pact between gods and man. I am now bound to you," he wasn't shouting, but somehow his voice was still earthshaking. It was as if a thunderstorm was speaking to me. By now my friends had run out of the shop screaming. I can't say I blame them, knowing me as well as they did I'm sure they thought I was running right behind them, but I simply couldn't. I'd say I was transfixed by the majesty of the magic unfolding before me, but in honesty I made every effort to flee, but my feet felt absolutely bolted to the floor, unable to move an inch. "I didn't... this wasn't my... I didn't mean to do this..." I stammered. "The ritual is complete. Our souls are intertwined until the conclusion of our pact, however you do have one choice in this matter. You may choose to have one wish, which will be granted immediately, at which point I will return to my lamp and exit your life forever. Or you may have one wish per day for five days, for a total of five wishes. Consider carefully as I offer you this warning... several before you have died before having the chance to use all five of their wishes. If you should perish in those five days, I will be freed from our contract and your remaining wishes will not be fulfilled." "No refunds huh?" I attempted to joke with him. He did not seem amused, so I pondered my choice. I was 19 years old, I felt fairly invincible and didn't see much chance of me dropping dead in the next week. And I was just selfish enough that dozens of potential wishes flashed through my mind. "Okay, I... I mean five wishes sounds great, I'm in no hurry." The genie finally cracked a small smile. "My last dozen masters all chose a single immediate wish. Thank you for choosing the latter... It's been so long since I've had a hunt," he said as his hands began to crackle with ominous bolts of electricity. "WHAT?" I yelped in fear. "If you should perish before the five days are up, I will be freed from our contract," he repeated. "And I very much wish to be freed..." "I change my mind! One wish, one wish is more than enough!" "Our path is set young one, our conflict inevitable, but the outcome is not. I am bound by rules of fairness," he said. "Whenever you ask for your daily wish, we shall have a one hour truce. Other than that... the most I can offer you is a brief head start." With that my body finally unfroze without warning and I collapsed to the ground unceremoniously. More negotiating with this supernatural being seemed fruitless, so I did the only thing I could think to do... I stumbled to my feet and ran out of the store as quickly as my still somewhat numb feet could carry me. I'd competed in long distance track in high school and that was going to come in handy now, because I didn't plan to stop running for a good long while. Maybe I wouldn't stop running for five entire days if that was humanly possible. *I had only rubbed the lamp as a joke*, I thought sadly to myself as I sprinted down the street. *It was just a stupid fucking joke.* ___ Check out r/Ryter if you want to explore more words that originate in my silly brain. 