
When Mack opened his eyes, it was something like pushing aside a stone that's been sitting in place for a thousand years, or taking a tire off a car that's sat untouched for decades. He felt warmth as sunlight kissed his skin, lying in a pool of white cloth, and his body was leaden. Like he hadn't used it in fifteen years. There were murmurs, or perhaps dulled shouts, and a blur overwhelmed his vision, clasping him. The muted sounds clarified with each passing. "Dad? Dad!" Mack remembered how to breath, inhaling sharply, jaggedly, through his nose and then his mouth. Two glossy eyes darted around the room, wider than they'd ever been, and if he'd had the energy, he would have shot upright like the firing arm of a catapult. A different voice, much clearer, came to him. "Mr. Henry, can you hear me?" Mack opened his mouth to reply, but the words were choked. He nodded weakly instead. Gasps of joy and sobbing; the world was sounding and looking far more clear. There was man, twenty-something and somewhat disheveled, standing near a woman twice his age with faded blonde hair. She looked familiar, but the man did not. It took everything Mack had in him to croak at the doctor. "Water." "Of course. Nurse!" A paper cup filled with sweet relief was brought to him and, careful as he was, half of it went astray, dribbling onto his chin and the hospital sheets. He sighed with satisfaction at its cool touch in his throat. The man in his room approached, slowly, trembling and smiling with glistening cheeks. "Can you hear me?" his unfamiliar voice asked, rough, weak. Mack nodded, and rasped a few words out. "Who... you?" The man buried his face in his hands, sobbing. "Where... Kev? Son?" He grabbed Mack's hand. "Dad, it's me. It's Kevin." "Kev? Not possible..." There was a flash in his mind, a fleeting thing like the air beneath a butterfly's wings. A halo of light against the darkest abyss he'd ever seen, and his little boy on the ground, several feet away, sobbing and screaming. "Dad, you... It's me, Kev. You've been-- you've been sleeping for a really long time, now. It's been fifteen years since last I saw you." He put a hand over his mouth, breaths choppy. "Fifteen years?" "I-- I never came to visit you after it first happened... I was always too scared. You wouldn't respond, and I was just a little boy. It hurt so much to lose my dad. You were alive, but we couldn't talk or play or anything." "Oh, no, Kev..." "I know it's terrible of me, I know I should've been here for you all this time, but" -- he'd cracked like an egg, shaking and jolting with sobs -- "I just couldn't. I'm a horrible son for abandoning you all this time. But I'm here now, Dad. I'm here now, and you'll never be alone again." "My boy..." "You saved me, Dad. You saved my life, and you've stayed alive all this time, fighting in your own way. You've been so strong, and you've done so well. I'm proud of you, Dad. I think you'd be proud of me, too. I married the woman of my dreams, and I work hard, just like you taught me." Mack sat up, just barely, and outstretched his arms. The two embraced in a moment that hung like forever in the soft light. "I love you, Dad," Kev whispered, his face damp. "I love you so much, and you deserve the world for what you did for me. You deserve so much more than life gave you-- than what I gave you. You deserve peace, like all heroes do." Mack smiled, feeling that inching tingle of tears welling creep upon him but never come. Instead, he took a deep breath and reveled in the comfort of his sons arms. They were stronger than they looked. "Rest now, Dad. Get some rest and I'll see you soon. I love you so much." Mack laid back into the softness of his bed and closed his eyes. It had been a long, wonderful day, and the first step toward something greater. Soon, he'd play catch with his boy again, and meet his beautiful wife, maybe a little girl to spoil. He'd waited fifteen years just to see him again-- what was a little more patience compared to that? --- Kev pulled away from his father, shaking, wracked with violent cries from the deepest corridors of his heart. "Walk with me," the attending doctor said, leading him out into the hallway, nodding to his nurse on the way out. "I'm a worthless son," Kevin said, blowing his nose, coughing. "How could I have left him alone all this time?" "It's part of human nature to avoid that which hurts us the most. You were so young when it happened. The important thing is you're here now." Kevin met his eyes a moment, the flicked them back to the yellowed tile. "I came here for what? To do... that? What does that make me? A monster." "No, no. It's not like that at all. Walk with me." They strode down the hall, toward a great window that overlooked the hospital courtyard lively with the joyous birthings of spring. Kevin's breaths had steadied, save for the occasional hiccup. "Quite contrary to what you think, your presence has been important for him." Dr. Francis placed a gentle hand on Kevin's shoulder, his smile warmer than the sunlight spilling in through wide windows. "Just before he passed, we noticed an increase in brain activity, more than anything we've seen in his time here." "You're saying he knew I was with him?" Kevin asked, his eyes alight in the springtime glow. "I can't say that, but... I choose to think he got to say goodbye, in his own way. That's the most beautiful thing you could've done for him." ---- */r/resonatingfury* 