
I remember the first time I saw him. It was love at first sight. My uncle was dead on the floor, and he came. He pulled back his hood. I was terrified, but he had the face of an angel. His voice was calming and sweet. I vowed to see him again. There was the easy way, but it only guaranteed a brief visit with him. So, I plotted another way for us to date. As I grew, people around me had accidents. He would show up. We would talk though not for long. He told me to move on, but I never listened. I only wanted him. I wanted his icy hands all over my body. I was persistent. I kept after him. Though over time, his discontent with me grew. I could not stop. More died to feed my need for him. I wanted him in the deadliest of ways. On my 25th birthday, after my 33rd victim, he appeared. I threw myself on him, but he pushed me away. "Abby, look, you're a cute girl, but I'm the Grim Reaper. I don't have genitals." "That's okay. We can make due." "Okay, fine, I was trying to be nice, but I'm going to come out and say it. I like men. Ted and me have a quite a life together." "Ted?" I ask, tears welling in my eyes. "Bundy. Yeah, great guy. Don't feel bad. You're not the first to do this to win me over. I mean, Gacy, what a nightmare. Thought dressing up like a clown for me was sexy or something. And then there was Ed Gein. Sweet guy, but a little off. But, Ted has been a dream." "Aren't there other Reapers?" I ask, "Maybe you weren't the only one." "Nope, I'm it. Look, I have to go, but I'll see you in a few years." "A few years? Why?" "Oh, do you want me to spoil it?" "Yes," I demand, "I need to know." "It's going to be a shocking conclusion to your life." "I get the chair?" I ask. "Yep, well, happy birthday!" He kissed me on the forehead. I don't know if it was to add insult to injury or what, but, like that, he was gone. The police arrived soon thereafter. The trial and sentencing were quick. It took a few years, but I saw him again, hoping something had changed. But, Ted hugged him as soon as we arrived on the other side. Ted was a dream. That was much was true. *** If you enjoyed this, I also wrote a prompt about a serial killer ending up on a jury. [Here it is.](https://www.reddit.com/r/nickkuvaas/comments/3vqslq/wp_you_a_serial_killer_just_getting_started_have/) 