
Dudley had never spoken to Vicky about his cousin. Not really. Of course she knew he had one, and she knew his opinion on Harry's treatment in the Dursley household. That they were estranged wasn't really a surprise. She didn't know the whole story, however. Dudley hadn't spoken to Harry since their last meeting at Privet Drive all those years ago. Since he had been hustled away with his parents by those two wizards and had spent just over a year moving from place to place. It was a surreal time. Since then he'd been to University, where he met Vicky Patil. Dudley got a job outside of Surrey, much to his mother's dismay, and outside of the power tool industry, much to his father's chargrin. He didn't want to be like them, so when Sophie was born he was determined to raise her in a loving, positive household. The first time he suspected she wasn't 'normal', as his parents would say, was when she was six. Since then he'd had to explain to the neighbours that yes, it was weird to have a bright blue cat, and no, they weren't dyeing it weekly. Hiding it when his parents visited was sometimes tricky. It was lucky that visits were rare. He often suspected she was up to something a little out of the ordinary when she was playing alone in her room. He would open the door to check on her and see things drop to the floor out of the corner of his eye. He loved her as much as anything in the world. Dudley was careful no to spoil Sophie. He knew from personal experience that it wasn't always good for a child to have everything they wanted. However on her 11th birthday he couldn't resist splashing out and bought her her very own games console. Vicky wasn't keen on computer games, but Sophie loved to watch Dudley play and it was something they bonded over. On Sunday June 13th, Vicky woke up before him. She dressed and went downstairs to brew some coffee. Dudley followed a time after and checked the door for post. "No post on Sundays!" a wild voice in his head bellowed. A memory from a long time ago. He chuckled to himself, but then it hit him. It was her 11th birthday. This was when it had started for Harry! He checked again, and saw nothing. Dudley felt relieved, and surprised at himself to find that feeling mixed with disappointment. He put it out of his mind, somewhat happy that he wouldn't have to spend the morning explaining a LOT of things he didn't fully understand to his wife. Aside from why there was a brand new PlayStation wrapped up haphazardly alongside all Sophie's other gifts. He kissed Sophie on the forehead and wished her happy birthday then sat at the table to watch her opening her first gift. It was a set of paints and an artist's sketch pad. Dudley's attention drifted from the present opening ceremony. He nursed his coffee and wondered what Sophie would have done if she was a wizard. Witch? He wasn't sure. It seemed to him to be a dangerous life, always running away from something, though maybe his parents weren't completely wrong. Maybe Harry and his parents were troublemakers? He had no idea how he'd know. He knew Harry had survived, their minders had told them. The small man, Deda- Dava? He'd been ecstatic to the point of tears. After that he didn't hear much, certainly he never heard from Harry. He wished he had. His attention was violently drawn back into the room as his coffee flew out of his hand onto the floor. Sophie was on her feet beside him. She lunged at him and embraced his neck. "Daddy I can't believe it! It's amazing! We'll be able to play together!" She exclaimed. "Yes, amazing." Said Vicky, quite sarcastically, "Almost like it appeared in the pile by magic. Surely your father and I didn't buy it, seeing as how we'd agreed not to..." She was cut off by Sophie who was squealing again. Dudley took the kitchen towel that Vicky offered him with a wry smile and began to clean himself up. Suddenly a knock came at the front door. Vicky, puzzled, went to open it while Dudley mopped up the coffee from the floor. "Dudley" Vicky spoke uncertainly from the from the front hall, "There's someone here for you." "Actually I'm here for Sophie, really" replied a male voice, far to old to be a school friend dropping by with birthday wishes. Dudley cut Sophie off as she made to bolt into the hallway. "Stay in here and finish your cereal, there's a good girl." He moved towards the kitchen door and as he laid eyes on the visitor he initially didn't recognise him. He had aged, and changed the way he dressed, but the main difference was in his eyes. They were happy eyes, not the sad green eyes he remembered. Dudley moved forward, and took the man's hand wordlessly. They greeted each other as old friends, and together, went into the kitchen. 