
"We need names," I said, staring at the three strangers. My head was groggy and there was a dull pounding coming from within. "I'll be Tom, for now. Until my real name comes back." "Taylor," said an elderly lady whose grey hair was tied up above her in a beehive. "I think I was a Taylor." "Sure. Whatever. How about you?" I nodded at a girl of about sixteen or so with cropped purple hair. "I don't know. I... I kind of feel like a Tom, too." "You can't have my name. There are thousands of others. Pick one." She let out a puff of air. "Tam, then. Tammy. I'll be Tammy." "What should *I* be?" asked a tall black man in a green tee and matching green pants. "Whatever you want," I said. "It's just a label and it's just temporary." "Then Rain. Yeah. I like that." I looked at the group. Tammy, Taylor and Rain. We'd only been awake in this windowless lounge, lit only by a single lamp, for five minutes or so -- but we were already making progress. "I want to go home," said Tammy. "You might already be home," I countered. "We might be your family." Rain laughed. "What, you and me adopted her? And *Taylor*, is she my mother?" "I don't know -- and *that's* the point. None of us know a damn thing. Look, are we ready? You all seem to able to stand now." Nods of agreement. "There's only one door," I continued, "so I think it's a pretty easy decision what we do." "Stay put until someone finds us," said Taylor with a curt nod. "That's always safest." "How do you know that's always safest?" Rain asked. The lady shrugged. "Just do. Like I know Santa's delivers presents to kids who have been good." Rain nodded slowly. "I'll go first," offered Tammy. "No you won't," I said. "We don't know what the hell is out there, and -- no offence -- but you're not going to be able to fend off much more than a teddy bear. I'll go first." Tammy huffed. "I might look like a kid, but right now, I'm the same as you. Same as all of you." "Children today," said Taylor. "No respect." Tammy glared at her. I ignored them as I walked towards the single door. It was wooden and it looked innocuous enough. The handle squeaked as I turned it. I glanced back, "Wait here until I say it's safe to come through." I stepped out of the room and into another. A kitchen. Dirty bowls and utensils lay strewn over the surfaces. The floor was sticky beneath my feet. There was another door in here, but this one was bolted from the inside. It was behind a large island, stools either side, that I found it. "Guys," I said, trying not to vomit. "Guys, get in here. Now!" "Jesus," said Rain as he reached me. Tammy couldn't hold her disgust in and threw up into the already clogged sink. "Oh dear," said Taylor. "Poor man." I looked again at the bolted door. One of *us* had locked it. One of us had put the knife in the back of the man lying on the floor. 