
"Actually, I'm just wondering how long you're going to keep your hand on that button before I have to pull it off myself," said the angry looking man wearing a t-shirt with the words FTP splayed across the front. One of the others who was squeezed into the corner laughed before pushing the guy next to him, "do you mind?" The guy he'd just pushed shuffled away before he sighed and lowered himself onto the ground, resigned that they may be there for awhile. The one who had brought us all here, who still had his hand on that button, ignored the angry retort and looked at each of us in turn. "I'm sure you've all heard the myth that each person has six other versions of themselves scattered across the world. The myth has never been proven, until today," he said enthusiastically. "Will we be famous?" Asked the most well groomed of the lot, who also happened to be wearing sunglasses. I took a moment to examine the six others. I could see the resemblance to me in each of them, but it was also obvious each had a slightly different personality. There was the one wearing the angry t-shirt, the other in the corner with more than his fair share of space, the one sitting on the floor, sunglasses dude, the button holder, myself and one other guy who appeared to be almost passed out leaning against the handrail. The button holder frowned at the well groomed one before ripping the sunglasses from his face, "well, I'll be famous." He put the glasses on then reached into his pocket and pulled out a gun, "but the rest of you, well..." "What the fuck man!" Yelled the angry one as the rest of us shuffled away from the gun. "You see," he continued as he waved the gun around, "I need proof so I had to find you all, but I don't need you or your problems now that you're here." He took his hand off the emergency stop button and hit the top floor. The elevator started rising. I took a deep breath and held up my hand, "you don't have to do this. We should all be proud that we're the first complete set to be identified, isn't that enough?" His eyes drilled into me and I could see the envy swimming through them like a shark. Then he laughed, "it's too late for that, the arrangements have already been made." The elevator bell rang as we reached the top floor. The doors opened and suddenly we were met with roaring cheers, flashing cameras and yells of congratulations. "What the hell is this?" The gunman muttered as he moved the gun behind his back. The one who had been propping himself up on the handrail burped and pushed past. He got to the elevator door and turned to the rest of us, "I organised us the party. When you called and tried to convince me to come," he said to the gunman, "I knew exactly what we'd need. Now, smile for the cameras." 