
I sighed, looked at the new guy. "So you want to know?" He scanned the surroundings, hunched over the table, and with sweat trickling down his temples, he whispered, "Please. I need to know." My lips parted into a smirk. "I remember three months ago when I was in your position." I lifted my feet, placed them atop the table, and sighed again. "Rumors are a tricky thing, always nibbling at our minds like ravenous rats, slowly eating their way forth, torturing us, making us sweat." I eyed him sidelong. "Sounds familiar?" The new guy frowned. Moments later, he took the hint, dug out a tissue from his pocket, and cleaned the drops slithering down his temples. "Please, Steve, I need to know. No one takes me seriously here. No one. Every time I try to speak with someone, they start talking about how much they hate Stan, and I'm forced to nod along and pretend while they bond over a hatred I don't understand. I can't work like this. I'm new, I need guidance, but everyone just talks about Stan. They are gonna fire me, and I really need the money." He drew a deep breath. "I beg you. I swear on my mother I won't be a snitch. No one will know you were my source." "Very well," I said, and checked the surroundings. "Are you ready?" He nodded vehemently, and the sweat began to trickle again, this time it fell down his forehead too. "We hate Stan because of his perfection." I scowled, the blood rose to my face. "Do you understand how infuriating it is to speak to someone who is the living embodiment of an angel? Can you understand it?" His face distorted into puzzlement. "What?" "I know. It makes my blood boil. You become self-aware of every single one of your flaws when you speak to him. He's beautiful too." I struck the table with open palms. "He gave me chocolates, rookie! Chocolates! And they were expensive ones and terribly delicious. God damn it, he even gave me a raise!" "What?" He gasped, and his frown turned into a scowl. "Isn't the boss George?" "Yes, but Stan is Stan! You don't understand it do you?" I shook my head, composed myself. "You won't understand it until you speak to him. If you are lucky enough to find him around, talk to him." The veins of my neck throbbed. "That's the only way to thrive here, rookie. You have to talk to him. You have to share the hatred!" His confusion deepened. He scratched his forehead, shook his head in disbelief, and finally said, "He doesn't work here?" "I'm done with you, rookie," I said and rose to my feet. "This is why no one ever tells the new guys the true reason, because you can only understand it when you talk to him." "Wait!" he shouted as I walked away. "Where can I find him?" "In his office." "Thank you, Steve!" he said and ran across the building, inspecting every cubicle. I smiled, and a hand fell on my shoulder. I turned. It belonged to George, the boss. "Hell of an act, Steve. Well done!" he said, and barked a laugh. "How long do you think he goes until he realizes?" "It took me two months. I'll bet ten bucks it takes him longer than that." "I'll gladly take that bet," George said, slapped my butt, and walked away laughing. You see, Stan didn't exist. ------------------------------- r/NoahElowyn - I'm not as fancy as that other Noah with his great ark, but I have many stories over there, and the characters have *arcs.* *That was terrible* I'll see myself out. 