
The process was flawed, so the story goes. The entire idea behind a democracy was that the people would be able to find and choose the best candidate to guide the country. But people are stupid. They chose people who talked well, or used broad, bombastic terms that didn't really mean anything. Or meant the wrong things. Congress was similar. Each member was a syophant for their own distict, unable to see the greater good. Of course, there were policies in place to mitigate this. The Founding Fathers instituted the Ellectoral College to give each underrepresented segment of a society a greater voice. The states, in the end, were able to decide which presidential candidate they would vote for. But nothing is perfect. And some things are more perfect than others. In 2032, in a drastic revolt against the charismatic, authoritarian nationalist that was ostensibly elected president, a vast majority of state legislatures called for a Third Continental Congress to rewrite the presidential and congressional election laws. The overriding sentiment was that if people actually elected that previous jackass by 58%, then they weren't qualified to make the big decisions. So, the Third Continental Congress rewrote key portions of the Consitituion to implement a meritocracy. The Meritocracy. The United States was more of a republic to begin with, anyway. The goal was to make the country better for the people. So, in an unparalleled feat of selflessness, elected officials gave up their reelection campaigns to ensure that the best possible people would make the decisions from now on. All of this went through Jonathan Seymour's head as he sped through the Test. And. He. Was. On. Fire. He woke up on the right side of the bed that morning. His hair was perfect before he so much as looked at a comb. His three eggs were perfectly fried over-easy. Questions were on foreign policy. Current affairs, diplomatic alliances, trade agreements, international tariffs, resource allocation across nations, the Middle East. "What's new," John breathed as he flipped the page. Domestic policy. Combatting violence, privacy verses security, healthcare, welfare, the maximization of liberty. "It's not like there are right answers." He went on. Empathy. Morality, decency, ethics, compassion, emotion. "Don't be dick." How hard could that be? He flipped the page. Critical thinking. Problem solving, deductive reasoning, logic, pattern recognition. "Piece of cake," he murmered as he finished the test. He threw his pen down and slammed the timer button. He placed his test on the tray as walked out smiling. Most people were still on page two. Yeah. Today was a good day. The biggest problem with the Test was that it took so long to grade. One of the more common debates was how to assess the results accurately. How to balance accuracy and speed. This cycle, low level volunteers would go over the preliminary results and throw out incomplete tests. Then, papers would move up the chain to seasonal beaurocrats who only judged final answers. They mostly looked at answer completion and rubrics. A test would have to be disqualified twice in a row before being thrown out. Next were the Graders, people who scored high enough on the last test to get a nice government position but not have any power. Each went over the tests that were left with a fine-toothed comb. Finally, the elected town council members, state and federal congressmen, and even the president, would personally find which applicant would replace them. Jonathan Seymour still felt confident on Assessment Day. He could vividly remember how clearly he thought as he sprinted through the Test. Even how fanastic the piss for his pre-Test drug screening felt. And so, he sat with a smile on his face as he watched the results of the Test with his friends and close family. The low level politicians were called first, early in the day. Congress was just finishing up being decided. Most at the party knew they had no chance of getting called. For them, it was just a party. Some others were starting to look disappointed. Only faintly, though. It took a retty arrogant person to actually feel disappointment this late. Still, though, John smiled. His wife was talking to him about how she once talked to their new state governor, Adam Smiley, at the supermarket deli. John could only think about how weird of a name that was. That, and the name that appeared next on the screen. His. Red and blue lights flooded the room through the windows as cars screached to a hault outside. A helicopter whirled overhead. Everybody at the party stopped. Nobody moved. John could hear a dozen car doors slam, and footsteps shuffle on the street. A confident, resounding knock sounded at the door. Everybody looked at John. *Why me? This was Steve's house...* Steve was looking at John, too. John looked back at the TV. *Oh. Right.* John began moving through the living room, and everybody made way for him. John was sweaty. His palms were clammy. He reached the front door. The knocks resounded again. "Um, Yes?" John called out. Why was he so confident before? He wasn't ready for this... "Mr. Jonathan Seymour?" A deep, confident voice replied. "Um, Yes?" Did he really just say the exact same thing? Maybe the Test should also go over public speaking... John opened the door. A tall, dark skinned man in a fine suit stood before him. *Holy shit. That's President Aldous Hogan.* "Good evening, Mr. President-Elect Seymour. I am your president. If you'd like to come with me?" Holy Fuck. The man chuckled. "Don't worry. I've been there. You get used to it." EDIT: Formatting EDIT II: Thanks guys for all the feedback. Part 2 should be up tonight or tomorrow. I'll let each of the commentors know through PM. Again, thank you! EDIT III: Part 2 is up! It's buried in the replies somewhere. I think I PM'd everybody. Sorry if I missed you! 