
After 10 years of playing the ultimate MMORPG, I believed it was finally time to stop. I was 80 years old by now in real life and I was ready to rest and relax at the senior center. It had been enough, fighting great monsters, battling on spaceships, escaping prisons... with all my other friends, it was easy to lose yourself, believing you were a 20 year old man, strong, master of martial arts. Playing it on and off led me to actually be more disappointed in real life, since it was not as exciting. But still, real life had its own benefits. My wife didn't mind me playing the game and she played along quite often as well. My friends felt more real, since even this game had its bugs and updates that interrupted the realism. As I drank a whiskey, stroking my beard, savoring the taste, I appreciated that real life had additional subtleties that differentiated from the virtual reality game. I looked up the scoreboard one last time. 8,720,403 POINTS, VaikenMaster3, it said at the very top. I nodded, satisfied at my achievement. I closed my eyes, breathing in the air. I heard footsteps, then-- "hey, time's up." I blinked, opening my eyes. What the heck was going on? "Sorry kid, you've been playing this for 10 hours in a row. Any longer and our health and safety violations would be at risk." My jaws opened in shock. My head spun with dizziness and I sighed as I got off the system. Had I really been fooled so easily? I could still recall the feeling of my beard, the creak on the floorboard when I walked, my loving wife. I had gotten so used to having two children each with grandchildren of their own. And now... I walked outside on the dark streets, lit dimly, with cars zooming by, hologram roads showing where they should go. I should have known better. I stumbled my way home and collapsed on my bed. What was for work tomorrow? I could hardly recall. Perhaps I would do it when it came. I still couldn't get over how immersive the MMORPG was. I sighed, thinking of the upcoming week of the work, and groaned. If only I could always be in game. After a few minutes of restless turning, I finally fell asleep due to sheer tiredness. Through the night, many others would leave the VR room. The vast majority of people would complain and moan about how they had work or school, some would have time for more gaming, others were more casual and didn't care about it that much. But what they didn't know was that they would never beat the game, not as long as they were too absorbed. The true number one player of the game walked through the streets, grinning, confidently walking right up to a wall. "Game over," he said. Then he glitched. 