
"Sometimes I feel like she's still here," Raul said, "just out of earshot." Raul found himself in a sizeable room with two windows, a table, a single chair and an aquamarine-colored sofa, which he was currently laying across on his back, his feet dangling over the edge. He sighed, sure this grief counselling could be instrumental in helping normal people with normal loss, but-- Raul glanced towards the windows where his late wife, Jean, stood. She was peeking through the blinders. He was just not sure that anything could save him from his personal hell. At least she wasn't screaming anymore. Steffens nodded understandingly and leaned forward from his designer chair, his hands crossed, "And... how does that make you *feel*?" fragments of light from the blinders quartering his face into sections. A large shadow lingered just at the edge of the room, by the bookcase. "Heartbroken, sad, without purpose..." Jean cut in, interrupting Raul's train of thought. "Raul?" Steffens said, a mixture of concern and understanding in his voice. Raul cleared his throat, "I uh, feel..." he blurted, "helpless." Steffens simply nodded, "Take your time, it may feel that way now, but it will get better over time, I promise." Raul scoffed inwardly, not likely. Maybe this was the wrong approach, he didn't need a therapist, he needed an exorcist. It would be one thing if Jean was all that he saw. The shadow shifted from one side of the bookcase to the next. That would've been manageable, maybe even preferable! It started when he was just seven, he would see things no one else did. Apparitions, ghosts, recently deceased. Demons. He was terrified of them. Terrified of finding out if two-way communication was possible. He never attempted it, not once. Instead, he learned how to zone them out, to ignore their howls. Their offerings, their bargains. Had he not practiced ignoring the spirits for twenty-one years straight, he would've not been able to ignore his wife's torment, even if it was just barely possible. "It's like I'm haunted, I see her," Raul said, trying his best to ignore Jean who now stood next to the seated therapist, tears streaming down her petite face, "I see her everywhere I go," his heart seemed to skip a beat. "I'm right here! Why can't you see me!?" Jean shouted, storming out the closed door, passing through it like it wasn't there. Screaming again, not that Raul could blame her, the circumstances were hardly fair. Steffens continued to nod in understanding, he was annoying like that, "I feel haunted sometimes too, it's normal, Raul." A large grin crept up on the shadow that now hovered above Steffens, the size of its mouth would've put the wingspan of a bald eagle to shame. Raul shuddered inwardly, trying to keep his composure. Steffens had no idea how right he was. ***** Not sure where this is going, I could potentially flesh out this world some more if there's interest. In any case thank you for reading! 