
I never really asked questions about my targets, and this time was no different. Female, 22, fair skin, dark hair. Seemed like a rather ordinary person, but there was obviously something under the surface. Why else would the client want her killed? Either way, the pay was good, so it made no difference. It shouldn't be a hard kill to deliver. Clients came to me because I was the best. I planned the kill the same I would any other target. Tail her for a few days. Get to know her movements, before picking the perfect time to strike. Turns out this 'time' was easier to identify than usual. She'd wake up early, like, really early, each day to go for a jog. Secluded bush walk track a kilometre or so away from the nearest house. After the kill it would be at least another hour before anyone found her. Plenty of time for me to get out of there and collect my pay, before moving on to the next client. I set up early, before dawn, 70 metres or so off the track. She'd often slow down at this area due to the uneven ground, so it would be far easier to line up my shot. I watched my watch patiently and, sure enough, I soon saw her approaching the clearing. I prepared my trigger finger. As usual, I felt no nerves, no butterflies. This was simple work to me - I stopped feeling remorse years ago. She slowed down as she approached a ditch, and I fixed my scope on her chest. Deep breath. Pull the trigger. *Miss.* What? I never miss. How could this happen? She was frozen in place in shock, so I shook the thought and went straight for the next shot. She's standing still, I thought. This one will definitely hit. I pulled the trigger again. *Miss.* Okay what? This can't possibly be... The fear seemed to leave her body, and she started sprinting as fast as she could down the path. I didn't even try line the third shot up. I just pulled the trigger out of instinct. This shot didn't even get the chance to miss. My rifle had jammed. Oh my god. It must be her. The new few days were a mess of jumbled thoughts. I just tried to shoot my soul mate! But now what do I do? I have to try and win her affection, right? This is not how I expected to meet 'the one'. As someone without much relationship experience, I figured I had to just go for it. We were soulmates, after all. Things would work themselves out. I followed her movements for a few days more, but she didn't leave the house for over a week. Lots of house guests in that time, including a few police visits, but it wasn't until the next Monday that she returned to work. This was my chance, I thought. I approached her as she went to her car. Before I could even speak, she drew away from me. "Hi, I, uh..." I stammered. She paused in anticipation. "I..." Fuck, I thought. I've already ruined it. It has to be now. "Do you want to go out some time?" I said. "What?" she said. "Um. No, I don't think-" "Please! I, uh..." Geez, am I hopeless. "Look you just have to believe me," I said. "I think we're soulmates." "What?" she said, obviously confused. How could I make this work? I can't fuck this up. I pulled out my pocket knife. She drew back even further, eyes white with fear. "Trust me," I said. "You're my soulmate, so I can't harm you." There was a crowd growing, yelling. She began to retreat in fear. I had to prove it to her. She has to realise. I threw the knife. The new few seconds seemed to span a lifetime. As I snapped back to reality, I heard the bystanders gasp loudly. I don't think any of them had seen a woman get killed in broad daylight before. At least I got the target in the end, but it's too bad I probably won't get to claim the payout. I guess I'm not as good a shot as I thought. 