
She glanced up and gave me a genuine smile, a smile that sent shivers down my spine. If I hadn't known I was sitting on the other side of the table from a woman that had killed *at least* 15 people, possibly even more, it would have been a nice smile to look at and have offered to you. Amy Kentridge *was* also undeniably very attractive as well; that's part of what had taken us so long to finally pin her down. We'd been looking for a hag until Amy had finally been caught red handed, not a near supermodel. "I have to ask." I cocked an eyebrow, Amy glancing up at me and nodding expectantly. "How have you fooled your body like you have?" She tilted her head and an almost bemused smirk crossed her face before she replied. "Oh, yes. You mean the outer beauty, right? The fact that I'm not hideous after all the atrocities I've committed?" "Yes. Obviously." I sipped on my now lukewarm coffee, waiting for her reply. Normally, our job was easy as police- an ugly soul always manifested outwardly into an ugly body, and the worse the crimes, the quicker the body degraded, but depravity always showed itself in the end. The room filled with an uncomfortable silence that settled in for several seconds before she finally replied. "I'm not sure you'd believe me if I told you." She cleared her throat and stared right into my eyes. "But I'm sure you can figure it out if I tell you to start digging into the backgrounds of the people I've killed. *Really* dig." We *had* noticed that some of her victims were in various states of bodily decay, as we liked to call it, but most of them had looked like normal, good people that you'd wave to if you came across them on the street. I frowned and returned her gaze. "I will give you that a few of them had started to degenerate-" "It's the ones that *didn't* start to degenerate that should concern you, Officer Milson." Her hazel eyes were boring into my soul. "The ones that didn't *believe* that what they were doing was wrong or bad." Amy frowned and shook her head. "I have not changed, I believe, because I killed those ugly on the *inside* that managed to avoid the consequences of their actions- those that deserved it." "But...how did they not change, either?" "Because in *their* minds, they did no wrong." 