
I follow the two men through the streets of Geylang. I keep my distance to prevent them from spotting me. Fortunately for me, there were still many people around despite it being close to midnight. It is Geylang after all, a rather infamous red light district that people have been telling me about. The noise from the road and people talking drown out their conversation, but snippets of it still flow to my ears. It is unmistakable, the words they are saying. A language that is supposed to have been extinct for two thousand years. The only reason I recognized it is because it is my current research. The whole reason I am in Singapore is to present it at a conference. What are the chances of actually hearing it? The men turn into a dark alley, nestled between two rows of shops. I quicken my pace to catch up and as I turn in their direction, their faces stare straight at mine. "You were following us, why?" one of them asks me in English. Both of them look to be in their 50s, dressed in stained polo tees and equally stained jeans. I take a step back, unsure of how to answer. My hands grip my bag a little tighter. "I... uh... am just going in the same direction," I respond, taking another step back. My eyes wander around, hoping that the presence of other people around will deter them from doing anything to me. The two men look at each other, unconvinced. The shorter one removes a knife from his pocket and brushes the blade with his finger. "Shall we kill this busybody then, let me stab him right here?" he says, back in the extinct language. Mysian. "No!" I immediately retort and instinctively turn to run. A strong arm pulls me back and I hear the shorter guy whisper in my ear. "So you're the professor." A palm wraps over my mouth and the cold edge of the blade presses on my neck. I look around in panic at the people near us, but none of them seems to be paying us any attention. "Don't bother," the other man says. "They can't see you now. You're part of our world now." He turns me back and standing in their place are no longer two unkempt men, but men in clothing I have never seen before. Long flowing robes in gold. They look like royalty. "We were planning to meet you tomorrow, during the conference, but I suppose tonight works." The taller man extends his arm. "My name is Loringdian. And I am part of the Anatolia royal family." I take his hand and shake it. "So uh, why were you planning to meet me?" Loringdian turns to his companion and then to me. I feel adrenaline building within me. Are they both here to enlist my help for a quest? What is the 'our world' that they speak about? Is there a secret hidden within our society? Loringdian sees the look of excitement on my face and immediately raises both his hands. "Oh, no, no ,no, it's nothing of that sort. We're just excited anytime someone researches our language, so naturally, we were curious." "Wait that's all?" The other man shakes his head. "Also, we would like to keep any knowledge of our language a secret, because we don't want the rest of the world to know. Which is why we have to kill you." I try to run for real this time, but my feet refuses to budge. It is like some weight is holding them down, pulling them towards the ground. "Oh, did I mention that we still practice magic?" Loringdian says with a smile. "Shame that your first magic trick experience would be your last." ------- /r/dori_tales *Edit: Wow, gilded? Thanks very much!* 