
Da!'kzor looked up as the human emissary to the eternal court entered. The pink, bipedal alien prostrated itself longer and deeper than was strictly necessary; but Da!'kzor had long learnt his kind did so out of respect to his race's traditions and not as a form of veiled insult. "These humans are so much friendlier than those obnoxious Alpha Centaurianeese", he thaught to himself. "Rise Human", his speaker said. "His majesty, the Emperor Da!'kzor, the eternal light, the defender of the Pascor Belt, the flame of..." the speaker droned on for quite some time listing all of Da!'kzor's titles, so he stopped listening for a few minutes "... the forger of chains and progenitor of all will receive you now." Now the emissary presented the traditional gifts of his people: A bottle of that dark and sweet liquid his thirty first wife liked so much and a box of sticky round... things with a hole in the middle. "Honored Emissary I hope you have not come to speak to me about this Democracy thing again. Your people seem to fare quite well with it; but I doubt it would work in the eternal court. Just imagine, the nobles having a say in the government" Da!'kzor suppressed a disgusted shudder. "No you eternal highness", the human said. "I am here for a matter of grave importance" "Oh, is it about the Water again? If I remember correctly we gave you back all we borrowed from your oceans; and a bit more as compensation for your troubles" Da!'kzor said with an apologetic voice not-befiting his station. He found it difficult to keep the proper decorum around humans. They were always so... willing to help you just had to be nice to them. "About that,..." the diplomat said with a frown, but then obviously pulled himself together. "Today I am here for another matter entirely. I am here to request the eternal empire's help" Now THIS was interesting. Da!'kzor leaned forwards in his throne, one of his tentacles ceasing to caress his favorite concubines eyes. The humans were always willing to help, but had never before, not ever since first contact hundreds of years ago, requested any kind of aid. Hesitantly the human diplomat continued. "We do not wish to bother the Eternal Empire with politics of earth; however the Felurians have seen fit to declare war upon us. I was sent here to ask, kindly, for the eternal empire to come to our aid in our time of need." A few Days later... Earth was a magnificent sight Da!'kzor mused as he studied it from the Earth's Flagship's Observation deck. If the humans weren't such nice fellows he might have conquered it himself. Finally Earth's Generals entered. The looked like a hard bunch of specimen, old and scarred and with the cold look of warriors in their eyes. Of them Da!'kzor approved. However he did not approve of the assembled high command of a hundred other species entering the large room, more a stadium than a room really, entering with them. "What are they doing here?" he snarled, encompassing the assembled military genius of just about all space faring races in the universe with a waving of his central eye socket. "You highness," a general interjected. "The eternal Empire is not the only government in the universe to have pledged to help humanity in this hour of need" From the crowd a snickering could be heard. Doubtlessly that would be Rattak the high Admiral of the Alpha Centaurianeese deep-space navy. His nemesis, his Arch-enemy. The thorn in his side, the bramble in his shoe on his way to universe-domination. He drew himself up to his full height to end er once and for al, but then thought better of it. This was no time for petty quarrels over who controlled what quadrant of the galaxy. The humans needed him, and her to stop the might of the Felurians, and he would stand by their side in their hour of need. The war was over in fewer days, than it had taken to assemble the great fleet of the grand coalition. Soon the red and white flag of earth flew over the King's palace on Feluria, the government had been reformed and the Felurian people now paid tribute to the earthlings they had so dismissively sought to vanquish. "Truly a great day", General Xi Liauging from Beijing, Earth thought. The maple leaf insignia on his uniform caught the light of the burning capital. "Soon my beloved Canada will hold sway, from one end of the galaxy to another" --- --- *Holy Canada, what happened here? I think this one Writing promt got more than 10 times as many up votes than all my previous posts together! You guys really love Canada don't you?* 