
The battlefield was a writhing mass of bodies, men knee deep in mud and gore, the dead strewn under their feet. The air rang with the clattering of swords and whistles of arrows, the heavy stench of sweat and and blood suffocating. Our hero rides in, blade held aloft as his steed- "I'm not the hero, mate," not-the-hero stated, halting his horse to point across the field, "he's over there I think." Sorry, I'm new. Anyway... hm. Hero? "Over here!" The hero shouts, gesturing with a golden sword as he takes cover behind his shield. Okay. Got it. He takes a mighty swing, sending his foes flying backwards in flash of holy light. Another comes for him, but the hero is too quick, using his shield to knock him back with incredible force. They keep coming though, as another jumps onto his back with dagger in hand. The hero staggers as the blade sinks into his shoulder- "Can you shut up?" The hero yells, "you don't even know my name!" Look, I'm trying my best here. You don't know how hard it is to jump into a story halfway through; I don't know who's important, or what's happening and I could do without all this backtalk. Anyway. The hero finally throws off the enemy, striking him down with a blade to the chest. He glances around, looking for something... I guess. Suddenly, he starts charging across the front, plowing through men with his sword... heh. Ahem. Sorry about that. He... reaches his target? A woman on an armoured, ebony steed, calmly observing the violent scene before her. Her eyes glitter from under her cloak as the hero reaches her. I guess she's the villain? "I'm not the villain." She announces, taking down her hood. That's so something a villain would say, just saying. I wouldn't trust her. "Shut up!" The hero shouts, like a child having a tantrum. "Esme, we need to do something. We are losing too many men." The woman named Esme who is definitely not going to betray anyone at any point, pulls out vial from a satchel hidden in the folds of her cloak. She smiles in a definitely not creepy way as she hands it to him. "What is this?" The hero a- "can you please stop calling me hero!" I'm sorry, I'm not the one who failed to give their name. "You're the narrator! You're supposed to know!" I'm not omniscient! Just tell me your name so we can move on. "Christopher." Right, okay. Christopher asks Esme what the stuff in the vial does. Esme tells him it's definitely not anything evil or dark, and that it will swing the battle in their favour. "Can you stop?" Esme glares at nothing in particular because I have no physical body. "Okay, stop it. You're being a nuisance." Chris says, like the prick that he is. "What happened to the other guy?" I don't know what happened to the previous narrator. Maybe he got sick of people being rude to him? Hm? "You're the one accusing me of being evil!" Honey. You're obviously an evil sorceress or something. Either that, or you will become one eventually. Femme fatale and all that jazz. 