
"I don't understand what is happening right now, somebody get my wife! You listen here, we are having a beautiful baby boy!" The man said, throwing fists at the people trying to keep him contained. "We need you to calm down and tell us what you remember Mr. Belford." An older man muttered. The older gentleman was wearing all white, save for his obscenely large bifocals. The sort that made his eyes appear as if they were from some sort of lizard. "First, my name is Tom Cliffe. I don't know who the fuck you are or why you have taken me away. I was there waiting for my wife to give birth and now you have me in this room. I want to see my fucking baby and I will not listen to your bullshit anymore!" "If you do not calm down Mr. Belford, we will have no choice but to drug you. You do not want that, do you?" Said the strange doctor. "I want to see my fucking baby..." He said, slumping in the corner. He began to noticeably wail into his hands. "I am sorry that the test did not go so well, would you prefer I call you Tom?" said the doctor. "That's my fucking name!" He began to laugh. "Is this some kind of joke?" "I am afraid what happened is most unfortunate. We were testing new technology, Tom... You agreed to try this out. Virtual Life. It was all a simulation." the Doctor said. "What in the fuck have you done to my wife and baby! Where is my family! I want to go home. I want to go." the man said, thrashing his hands at the nearest doctor. "Let me go home or I swear to God I will kill each and every one of you mother.... fuckers..." The steel shot pierced his neck. He slumped over on the ground. "All you mother... fuckers..." An hour or so later a man came into the doctor's office. He had a black suit, black tie, black shoes. "Virtua Company would like to know if the subject enjoyed the character creation screen, or if it wasn't immersive enough." He said. "Not immersive enough. The subject found himself in a state of panic. We had to remove him from the game for safety reasons. We can get him plugged back in tomorrow, but until then, I would suggest to them to remove that portion of events." The doctor said. "Noted. We will be back in a week. The next test is when his wife dies. We want you to keep track of how this effects the subject, simulated death." The suited man said. They shook hands and went their separate ways. 