
A wintry breeze blew in through the only window in the dark waiting room. It took great control not scratch at the scar on my arm. It stretched from elbow to wrist. Dark Red blotches surrounded the deep scar tissue hidden under a bandage. The fresh scent of coffee wafted from the receptionist's desk. A dark-haired woman with an expansive tribal tattoo sat at her desk on a call, although the only things she seemed to say were "uh-uh" and "Ok" The other person is quite voluble. My head buzzed in confusion. Did I really see what I saw at the factory? One second I heard screams, and people trying to warn me, the next, heavy, hydraulic teeth smashed into my forearm. I remember it vividly. My arm opened, but along with blood there were wires, lights, levers, and motors. No. It's just not possible. This is the painkillers talking. Then I noticed something I didn't before, how could I not notice it. My wrists and ankles handcuffed to the chair. I motion for the receptionist, trying to get her attention. She notices me with a concerned expression and immediately gets up and rushes to the doctor's room. I waited for what seemed like an eternity, staring at the handcuffs on my legs. The icy touch of the chair jolted me when I dozed off. Why do I feel so sleepy? What did they give me? Why was I handcuffed? Finally the door opened. The receptionist sat back behind her desk. as a tall, grey haired man wearing a white coat approached me. He doesn't answer me when I ask him why I'm handcuffed. Two bulky men wearing hospital scrubs promptly remove my restraints. They manhandle me into the doctor's room. It was easy. I was not in a situation to resist. They place me on a table and strap me down with restraints. The doctor finally speaks. "Do you remember anything about the accident?" he asks. "I remember these two tackled me." The doctor looks over at the two men. "And I remember they shoved me into a van." "Is that all you remember?" he says, his eyes narrowing." Of course not, I remember my arm filled with wires and levers among other metal. But I'm not going to tell this guy about it. They'd send me straight to an asylum. "That's it," I say. One of the men walks up to me. He had a pinched face. Slick, dark black hair parted at the center. His fist moved quickly, I didn't have time to even close my eyes as my cheek took the full force of the impact. My head lolled to the side. I danced in and out of consciousness. My vision finally stabilizes; I suddenly have the overwhelming sense of wanting to be anywhere but here. Blood pools on the table next to my head. The pain finally registered. A familiar smell of metal filled my nose, the same smell as the day of the accident. These people will kill me unless they get the information they want. "I remember," I say. "I remember metal in my arm. It opened like a flower, there was blood... There was wires." The doctor speaks into a small recorder he's holding. "As suspected the subject seems to be a second android. His hardware and software are significantly more developed than specimen number one.He also appears to believe he's human." I'm an Android? And there's another like me? The doctor continues. "I will now begin looking for a master switch to shut down the android, and continue further testing. We will look to avoid a repeat of trouble caused by specimen one." He pushes a button on his recorder and places it back into his coat pocket. His last sentence sparks a thought. If specimen one was an android and gave them trouble, maybe I can too. I pull as hard as I can on the restrains, they don't seem to budge. I try again as the doctor turns on a drill, pointing it at my head. I hear a whirring sound in my arms and the arm restraints snap, I swiftly kick the leg restraints off as well. The doctor recoils in horror. The man with the pinched face rushes forward, swinging his arm wildly at my face. I catch it within an inch away from my face. My arm moves at a blurring pace. My right hand thumps him in his chest, breaking ribs and sending him flying across the room. I move before the other burly man can, and whack him into a table of surgery equipment. I feel euphoric, like a dominant gladiator in front of an adoring crowd. I could almost hear the cheers. The doctor rushes for the door. I move quicker than any human being has ever moved, virtually gliding across the floor and picking him up by his collar. He shakes violently trying to get out of my grip. He's not going anywhere. "Please. Let me go. I won't say anything to anyone. I promise." He pleads. "I'm a man of my word." "Where is she?" I say, almost involuntarily as memories of her flood my mind. "She's in cell 23, at least all her parts are. I took them apart to study her," he says, still squirming. "Please let me go." I open the door still holding him by his collar. "Repair my wife and I'll let you go." 