
It's been thirty days since the wipe. Football-pitch sized craters serve as a constant reminder that something happened during the evening of the 21st of September, something that no one can remember. Governments, for once, are as blind as the public and it's a good thing. For once, in possibly the history of humankind, every single person shares a deep, innate desire to know what happened during the six-hours of darkness. The first worldwide effort was the search for witnesses. Governments both local and national, police forces both state and federal and about anyone with a voice has been asking for anyone, even with a torn-corner of information to come forward. The witness search attracted the crazies and the attention seekers. In the month of extensive searching, not one person has come forward with a believable and cohesive explanation for the event. At least not an answer that can be agreed upon. Each religion has had their own spin on the wipe, which naturally pulls a large number of people to one side, while other faiths tear in the opposite direction. The one problem with any witness accounts is the total and utter lack of evidence, hard evidence that is. This lack of credibility stems from the fact that the wipe not only affected every human on the planet but seemingly every electronic device. Satellite images, CCTV footage from even the most remote of petrol stations, anything with the smallest shred of data retention has suffered under the same blanket wipe. We have before and after photos, videos with six-hour gaps and the crater scars that dot the planet. The odd part of it all is the complete lack of reported casualties. People who were on planes during the event found themselves safely at their destination, or still mid-flight upon waking on the 22nd. People were driving, operating heavy machinery, feeding lions in a zoo and yet all of these people awoke to a scratch-less body. The numerous stories of plane journeys brought about an interesting discovering, found by those who shouted and hollered about the black boxes, or flight recorders to some, only to find that a six-hour gap in all mechanical feedback and flight data. Unheard of in the aviation industry. The craters have been analysed this way, that way and using methods you didn't think existed. The current reports do not look optimistic, according to both government and private firms, they are what you see. Concaved dirt, stone and even some instances of sand craters. The interesting part about the cavities is the lack of destruction. They seemed calculated, to the point that trees, buildings and life seemed untouched by their appearance. Thirty days and theories are the only thing that anyone has produced. Government weapons testing gone wrong. Alien invasion. Subterranean movements and even worldwide metamorphosis. I might be one of the few people who doesn't want to know what happened. The wipe did not harm anyone, at most we have all lost six hours of our life. But we have gained something in common, something that can't be hindered by race or language barriers. I may be naive in thinking that so long as the international mystery remains, we can have peace. --- /r/WrittenThought 