
"Ladies and gentlemen of the jury this man is as guilty as they come. I have no doubt in my mind that this crime was committed with extreme malice toward the victim, with the attacker showing no remorse for his actions" The "victim" he referred to sat in wheelchair sporting a large white neckbrace. He currently couldn't speak or move much at all, but they said he'd recover eventually. I had hoped he wouldn't. I couldn't have cared less about who the poor sap being accused of my crime was however. When I was summoned for jury duty the last thing I expected to see was the man I had put in that wheelchair weeks before. He deserved it, or at least I convinced myself he did. I was actually pleasently surprised to be here as it gave me a chance to put a plan into action. "Your honor this is ludicrous. The victim was attacked from behind around midnight as he left his apartment. What sort of indication do we have that my client was even remotely related to this incident?" "The DNA found at the scene is a direct match to your client. If it were a skin sample or a hair sample there may be some doubts, but a fresh blood sample?" Heh yeah. That was one of my better ideas I must admit. I honestly didn't care where I got the blood from, as long as it was someone else's. It helped that it I was able to score someone's that lived in a complex close to the victims place. "That coupled with security footage of a man with a similiar build to the accused attacking the victim seems like evidence to me" There back and forth game bored me, and I tuned out pretty fast. What I really wanted was to go and convince the rest if the jury that this guy did it. I was hoping it wouldn't come down to something out of *12 angry men* , but if it did so be it. I spent the rest of my time on the bench trying not to fall asleep and eyeballing the "victim". I didn't mean to mess him up that bad, honest, and I surely didn't expect them to actually pull DNA from what I planted. After all this guy was no Warren Buffet or Billy Gates. He was just some schmuck who stole from the wrong people. Deep down I even felt for him a little. My routine was simple; guy steals from us (well steal is a pretty general term) , I rough up the guy a bit (or cripple him in this case), he pays out. I guess this time an extra step was added I end up on the jury thirty feet from the guy. I tuned back into the back and forth of our wonderful judicial system when me and the "victim" locked eyes. He squinted at me hard, like he was looking for something particular. Fuck. I tried to play it cool and convince myself that I was just paranoid, but he continued to glare in my direction. I could feel the room heat up when finally I heard the words I'd been waiting for. "The jury will now be escorted out to make a decision" I was relieved to no longer be in the room with that broken, wide eyed man. Now was the good part. The room was something right out of a movie. Large wooden table, dull carpeted floors, the a/c cranked up far too high. Everyone took a seat and I siezed the opportunity to speak first. "Alright everybody let's get this over with. It seems clear to me. Blood found on the scene from both men, person in the footage sports a similar build to the accused, and to be frank the accused has no real alibi" A few people nodded in agreement while others appeared to need more convincing. "Ok, but what determines for sure that the accused is the guy? What if he was set up?" A man near the back of the room spoke. I stepped back to let them discuss that possibility. Maybe this was just my time. The victim stared right into my soul from behind those bandages. Maybe he already knew it was me. Hell maybe they were coming for me right now. Coming clean was the right thing to d- "Sir. Sir? What to you say guilty or not guilty? You're the deciding vote" Now was my time to make a decision. I could cleanse myself of all the bad I've done right here and now. Today was the day. "That man's as guilty as they come. I say lock him up for as long as he lives his miserable life" Well...I guess I could come clean some other time. 