
John was standing behind a large window. Outside, among many skyscrapers of the city, the supers were fighting again. With a loud thud, The Falcon, a superhero with wings on his back, collided with the window, just like a bird would. On the rooftop of the neighboring building, John could see the mad scientist Eva Poraat, capable of turning into a cloud of smoke after a freak lab accident, sucked into the AC, screaming in surprise. As he opened the window to look what was happening outside, he could see Muscleman holding Indestructo, a man who couldn't die of any other reason than old age, and smashing him repeatedly into the pavement, leaving large man-shaped holes in the concrete. Indestructo was probably the most competent villain of the bunch. However, he was extremely weak and couldn't do any real damage. Professor E. Vilstein's zeppelin floated into the view. The shrink ray emmitor it was armed with started to glow, and the device was aimed at Muscleman, still smashing Indestructo around. John always thought it was pretty strange how many villains are scientists. "Your size won't protect you anymore, you moronic troglodyte!" shouted Muscleman's nemesis Ervin Vilstein from the speakers on the outside of the piloting cabin. "The popcorn's ready!" shouted John's roommate Jack from the kitchen. Jack soon arrived at the window, carrying two bowls of popcorn. "What did I miss?" "Falcon flew into this very window like some pidgeon, Poraat got sucked into the vents again, and Vilstein is about to test his shrinking ray on Muscleman, who is currently busy damaging the pavement with Indestructo." "Aww man, I can't believe I missed that." "Do not worry, I have it recorded" "Good", said Jack, as he started eating his popcorn, with John soon to follow his example. Only one thing was missing. As Falcon was about to crash into the same window again, Vilsten's shrink ray started shrinking the zeppelin and the inventor himself, Poraat was currently traveling through ventilation, and Muscleman was still using Indestructo as a club, John started playing The Benny Hill theme on the bluetooth speakers. Now, it was perfect. In a puff of black smoke, a cloaked skeletal figure suddendly appeared on the street. "Fear me, puny mortals, for I am ... The Unreaper" John was worried that for the first time, there is going to be a villain in this city that is dangerous to others, and not just themselves. Unreaper drew a symbol in the air with his finger, leaving a black misty trail. By this, he summoned a zombie horde, which immediatelly proceeded to attack him. As his booming voice screamed "SCREW THIS!", Unreaper dissapeared again, and without his magic powering them, the zombies all fell dead on the pavement, to be promptly hit by Musclemans new weapon, formerly known as Indestructo. John and Jack both regretted super fights did not happen more often. 