
*Not again* One second I was driving down I-95, the next I was in a dungeon inside a glowing satanic circle with lava flowing down the walls. If you are familiar with I-95, this is not a significant downgrade, in fact, depending on the day you might find yourself better off. But see, I was going back home, and being summoned was the last thing I wanted. Anyways, I tested the glowing lines, I flicked the edge of my spectral prison with my finger and jumped back immediately...into the other wall. Yeah. It was that kind of day. I winced and got to my feet. This one was good. The competent ones could make their prisons be like walls, the incompetent ones had prisons made of cardboard, but to have the wall actually provide feedback...there could only be one summoner with such skill. "H..hey, Lisa." Yep. It was that kind of day. I turned to find the furry little thing standing in front of the summoning circle, just past the bounds of the summoning circle. Their fur moved independently as if there was a wind blowing in a dozen directions, but of course we were in a dungeon. They reminded me of little, creepy teddy bears or the Ewoks from Star Wars. "Jesus Christ, Soggoth, stop fucking summoning me!" Soggoth cringed, his fur recoiling away from me as if repelled by a magnet. "L...look, I have to keep a reputation alright! Can you imagine if the rest of the people found-" "Maybe I should just tell everyone else, that the Prime Host-" "Err...it's Supreme Host, actually" "Whatever! Leader, president, dictator, whatever the fuck, is interested in-" "SHHH!" Soggoth said immediately and the walls of my prison pressed against me for a moment before Soggoth realized what he was doing. "S...sorry, I didn't mean to do that," he said miserably. I just glared daggers at him, echoes of the pain still dancing across my skin. "I'll charge you double now." Soggoth sighed. "Yeah...I figured." He conjured two bars of solid gold out of the air. "Really, I don't get why these rocks are so meaningful in hell," he said, shaking his head. "Alright, what is it you want to know today?" See, humans were summoned for their knowledge, or well, google's knowledge. The summoner's would ask how to make bombs, learn ancient battle strategies, make inventions. We made sure to never give them too much, lest they no longer need us. But some summoners had entirely other interests. Like Soggoth here, the leader of the entire damn dimension. "Okay, so what happened in Game of Thrones this time?" he asked, handing me the gold through the circle. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed check out my sub [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 