
"This is our man," said Lieutenant Gabal, his thick grey eyebrows knitting together as he pointed at blurred photo of a person in a raincoat walking down a dark street. The photo had been pinned onto a board, along with other, similarly out of focus images surrounding it, as well as scraps of paper and maps of various cities red lined with potential trails. "The boys decided to call him Raven, on account of his long greasy hair." He sniffed, his nostrils folding up like blinds. "Always in the shadows, is our raven. Face always hidden. That's the best photo we have, and even that's piss poor." A little thrill ran through me as I stared at the picture. It couldn't be? But I knew it was, as I scanned down and saw more familiar locations, more familiar images. Dozens of holes pierced the photo that Gabal pointed at, as if it had at once been at the center of a dartboard. They seriously wanted me to hunt... me? I couldn't stop a laugh escaping my lips. Gabal's eyebrows raised and arched apart, like a bridge opening. "Something amusing, Sophia?" Many things were amusing in that moment. The thought of me running down streets chasing my own tail, seeing it swish around the corner each time I got near. The thought of eventually catching myself and walking into the station in handcuffs and Gabal thanking me for a job well done. Even the frankly sexist notion that the assassin they couldn't catch was a long haired man. Not quite so amusing was fact they thought my hair greasy. It was *silky*. Easy to confuse with greasy in these low resolution images, I supposed. I forced my lips into a line. "No, Sir. Nothing at all." He let out a grunt, paused, then said, "Good, because Raven is anything but amusing. Five murders in total, we've already attributed to him. Five! In my city. I was assigned to this case after the second -- that's when the link between the murders was found." He should be thanking me, I thought. I had only taken jobs where the target deserved to die. Murderers, child-molesters. Mostly revenge jobs by distraught parents or lovers. "What link, Sir?" I asked, already knowing they must have worked out the similarity in time of death for each of my targets. "A silver cuff-link was placed in the mouths of these five victims after death." I froze. My heart even seemed to pause its beating. "Sir?" "What is it?" he grumbled. There were no cuff-links placed into any of their mouths. That was... My eyes scanned down the board in front of me. Past my own blurred face and down to those of my victims. I recognised them, of course. Still remembered them. I had studied each of their profiles for weeks. Still knew what had been their daily movements and journeys. I knew them as well as if they had been part of my own family -- if I had any. But three of the photos had been zoomed in onto the victim's mouths. They were open, their tongues lying down down limply on top of their front teeth, slightly out of their mouths. And on their tongues... I whispered, "*Nothing*," then took a deep breath and tried to control my breathing. Five of my most recent hits had had this object inserted into their mouths, sometime after death, but before the police had found them. Impossible. Unless... Was someone playing a game with me? Whoever did this... They must have known that I'd killed these people. They must have been watching me, waiting for me to leave the scene. Then, they entered it and left their own calling card. Something only I would know wasn't meant to be there. "Sir," I said, finally forming a question in my mind. "Are there any clearer images of the cuff-link?" "Plenty," he said. "All on the computer. These prints outs are mostly for me. I don't get on with the database very well. Was recommended to leave it alone before I break it for good." "Can I see the pictures?" "No need," he said, waving a hand at a wooden desk to our side. I walked cautiously towards it. In a little plastic bag, lying on the table's surface, was a single lonely cuff-link. Its silver body formed three initials that I recognised instantly. *R.J.J.* A shiver crept down my back. "Are you quite well, Sophia? You've gone pale as a ghost." It took me a moment to say, "Fine, Sir." "Good. Because I need you at your best if we're to find Raven before he kills again. We've already got another from last night that we need to add to the list. Same cuff-link. We're waiting for the autopsy report but I'll take you over the details shortly. It's our best link to Raven's current location." *What?!* Another death... I wrapped my arms around my body. All I could think about was the man who had those very same initials. The man who had raised me, after my parents had died. Had taken me in. Who had trained me to be what I am now. To be able to move as quietly as the dead. To fire as sniper rifle at a packet of cards from two thousand metres away. A man who couldn't have left the cuff-links. Because he was dead. Because I had killed him. 