
"Hahahahahahaha!" Laughter filled the hospital room, "you got to be kidding me. Holy crap, that horrendously backfired." Jake was sitting in front of me with his face in his hands. Jake and I have always been rivals. Well not always, I actually I don't think he sees it that way. Come to think of it I'm quite positive. "Well I'm not, I heard you were dying. I didn't fucking see you for 5 months and suddenly you resurface looking like Smeagol." He removed his head from his hands and looked at me, obviously holding back tears. So weak and frail. I'm much stronger even in this state. "Well" I said: "that has more to do with your expectations than mine, I figured you'd be dead right now, or at least emotionally crippled. Yet here we are. I figured my illness was karma come knocking. But no, you actually love me!" His face turned to anger. "So what!? Is that so weird? We spend years tormenting eachother. I started looking forward to our bouts and eventually to seeing you." I had to agree, he was the only one that actually challenged me. Everything and everyone has tried to take me down from countless peasants, knights, eventually soldiers and assassins to gigantic military operations and all were wiped away with a snap of my fingers and he was the only one to counter my spells. Not with any finesse but still. "Well that's weird, I expected you to actually hate my guts, curse me in the in the middle of the night while thinking of how to stop me, always failing. I definitely didn't see this happening. Damn it." Jake facepalmed. "You really thought you won everytime? I mean no one died after I arrived in your life. Most of your plans were stopped and the world flourished. I had millions of chances to end you and I didn't take them." "Well that is your fault." I responded "Fuck you." "No fuck you." I looked around, well this is it, my life is over because of one tiny factor. "Can you cancel the spell?" Jake asked. "Nope, unlike you I am good at my job. In all honesty I didn't see you countering an uncounterable spell with something so stupid." "Well I didn't know you hated me so much." "Hate, I hate you. No past tense, I'm still here." I coughed and my vision blurred. This is probably it, not much left. Minutes pass in silence, sometimes Jake sniffs, he looks broken. I feel kinda guilty, kinda stupid too. "Well, if it counts for something, I tolerate you too. Being an evil overlord is kinda lonely. You were the one stable factor, I guess in time I grew fond of our battles too and now I feel stupid. We had a good run though." I coughed again and I felt my final moments nearing. "This is it I suppose. I am gonna haunt you, just so you know." "I wouldn't expect anything else from you. Goodbye, Jonathan. I love you." "Fuck you, that's sappy, jesus fuck, that is so dramatic, hahahah-" I coughed again and felt how I slipped away as I closed my eyes for the last time. Weeks later as Jake stepped out of the shower and looked at his mirror covered in condensation, he smiled and brushed his teeth as he wiped away the words: "Fuck you." 