
It was then that I knew - I had been here before. The airport. The agent. The people staring. It was all so ... *familiar*. How many times had it been? Two? Three? A hundred? How many times had I relived this exact scenario? How many times had I realized that I been through this all before? I thought of running but that was too obvious. I had certainly tried that before. It was likely I wouldn't even make it out of the airport, and, if I did, the town was a half mile away. No one would help me escape. They all knew. They were my Keepers. *Keepers.* The word drifted through by whirling mind like a single snowflake. What were they keeping me from? What were they keeping from me? Obviously, I was somehow important, but was I dangerous? I decided to find out. I retracted my hand, leaving the agent to hold my ID. Fluidly, I spun my backpack from my shoulder and reached inside. I sensed the Keepers inch closer. I somehow knew they were teetering on the edge, wondering if they needed to act quickly. I decided not to reveal that I knew. Not yet. I wondered if I had ever tried something like this before and decided it didn't matter. I may never reach this point again. "What about this?" I asked, unveiling my passport. I knew it to be just as legitimate as my license was, but I thought another question might keep the agent off-balance. At the very least, it allowed me another moment to think. Time was precious. The Keepers were still staring at me uncertainly, still unaware that I had noticed their lie. That was good. "Sir? Wait right here. Just a moment." I met eyes with the agent as he spoke into his headpiece, trying to keep my face unassuming. He knew as well as I did that I would never be allowed to walk through the gate. At that instant, the terminal filled with the sound of a descending plane. Somewhere in my mind, I remembered that the planes were real. That the Keepers were assigned here on a rotational basis. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw two burly Keepers approach in lime green jackets. Security. Not for the others. Just for me. It was time to make my move. Now or never. But why did they fear me? Why did they Keep me locked within an entire town? Why a simulation? Why not just kill me? Then, I remembered. They couldn't. Not before they understood what I could do. I flexed the muscle in my mind, flinging the two security guards through the air and into wall of the airport lounge. The two men disappeared in a mist of rubble. I took the agent next, just as he was drawing the gun from his waist. I knew the bullets were a preventative mechanism, designed just to put me down. If they managed to hit me, I would wake up in my own bed. How long before I would have another chance at escape? Instinctively, I raised my hand at a flurry of gunfire. A hundred bullets hung in the air before me, several mere inches from my bare skin. Before they had hit the ground, I was through the gate and racing down the artificial boarding tunnel. Two more Keepers appeared ahead. I sent them through the temporary wall with a single thought. But the others were coming. They always did. The plane appeared empty. No passengers. No pilot. I sealed the door behind me. Did I know how to fly it? I saw a book spread over the console and began to leaf through it as the Keepers began to assault the door. It wouldn't hold long. How did I know that? Had this happened before as well? How often had I made it this far? As if in an answer to my question, I felt a hand on my shoulder and the barrel of a gun pressed to my neck. I turned to see a familiar face, and my heart sunk. How could I forget that he was the one who always caught me? The King Keeper. My father. "I'm sorry son." How many times had it ended this way? (Edit: Thank you all for reading and feedback! I will post the next part by the end of the day as a reply to this post.) (Edit 2: I have posted Part II as a reply to this post (no idea how to inform everyone). I have also started my own sub at [r/creatorcorvin](https://www.reddit.com/r/creatorcorvin/) where I will post Part 1 and Part II (and beyond) and all my other works. I'm thinking of calling it *The Keeper*, but I'm open to suggestions. Again, thanks so much for reading, and I hope you all enjoy!) 