
"Yes I can see you." I wasn't sure what else to say. I heard stories of dying patients talking to already dead family members shortly before passing away, but this was a whole new level of weird. "Well..." The man with the scythe, who I could only assume was Death himself, was obviously flustered. "I really need to get by. You see-" "I know who you are. It's just that... our policy..." I was struggling to come up with a reason to keep him from coming in. I'd fought long and hard all night to keep my patient alive and I wasn't ready to give up. After a frantic trip to the ICU, we finally stabilized her. I thought we were in the clear. "I don't understand. You can't just block my way like this! You shouldn't even be able to see me! I-" "Daddy?" A small voice coming from behind me cut him off. Death shot me an exasperated look but his voice was gentle. "Hello Lydia." I turned quickly and saw Lydia, my 7 year old patient, sitting up and staring at us. She was awake already? The sedatives shouldn't have worn off yet. I made a mental note to speak with the doctor. "Daddy! You're here! What... How? Mommy said when you didn't come home that you..." Her voice trailed off. "Wait... Does that mean I'm dead too? But..." She looked at me uncertainty. A wave of understanding washed over me. So, this is what happens when you die. "I'm sorry. I didn't realize you were family." I said quietly. I still didn't move, however. Whatever was going to happen, I wasn't going to just *let* him take her. I hated losing kids under my care and he would have to take her over my dead body. I didn't care if it was inevitable. It wasn't happening today. Lydia's dad stared at the steely look in my eyes for a moment and then sighed and turned back to Lydia. He shook his head. "No darling. I'm just visiting right now. I'll be back soon to come get you though. I just wanted to let you know death isn't scary at all and I'll be there when it's time. I love you." "I love you too Daddy." She yawned and rested her head back on the pillow. A moment later she had drifted off to sleep. The man turned back to me. "I don't know who you are or why you can see me, but I'll take it as a sign. Just know I'll be back in a few days. I have to be. It's my job." He tucked his scythe away and looked back at his daughter, eyes glistening. "I'm sorry I had to come for her so soon. That wasn't my choice. If it was up to me, she'd live to be 100 and have a million grandkids to spoil rotten." I didn't know how to respond so I just stared at him. "Thank you for all you do. I know it's got to be hard working in a Children's hospital where they don't always make it... but it means a lot... to know she's in good hands." Then he vanished. Lydia passed away a few days later. I wasn't there but the nurse on duty told me her mom was there with her and even though it came as a shock to the doctor who thought she was improving, he commented that it was lucky that mom happened to take the week off to hang out at the hospital full time with her daughter. It was almost like she knew. 