
"Where are the kidnapped puppies, Raptoroth!?!" demanded Captain Valor. The Lair of Misdeeds was empty. None of Raptoroth's henchmen, the Ne'erdowells, were present. Raptoroth wasn't on the Throne of Misdeeds. Instead, he was seated casually on a sofa pouring tea. He was wearing a sweater over a button down and khakis instead of his typical villain costume." "There are no kidnapped puppies. That was just a ploy to get you here. Come have a seat on the sofa and have some tea. I got lavender hibiscus tea, your favorite." Captain Valor was confused. He said on the couch and sipped cautiously at the tea. Raptoroth began. "This talk is a long time coming. We have a good professional relationship. This is Logan, Utah. We aren't like those big city heroes and villains. I don't use guns or bombs. I don't try to kill anyone. Most of the time, you save the day and I get away with just enough to pay the bills. I am a member in good standing in this community. I vote, I buy Girl Scout cookies, and I attend the high school football games." "Are you telling me that you are retiring?" asked Captain Valor. "No, far from it, I have many misdeeds planned. Bill, can I call you Bill? I have known your secret identity for years. I would never dox you , that would be a real dick move. I know about how your job at the newspaper got downsized. Your strength made getting a job at the mine rather easy, but it has taken a toll on you." "Are you trying to get in to my head, Raptoroth?" "Yes! I just want things to go back to the way they were!" "I do too, Rap. I do too!" "Have you considered a vacation? I'd be prepared to take a break from misdeeds for a few weeks. Keith and I just got back from Jamaica and it was lovely. Maybe you could visit your family down in Salt Lake City?" "I talk to my family of the phone frequently. I'll also Face Time my sister in Vegas." "What about a girlfriend? Are you still with Alice?" "Yes, but our dates are getting farther apart and in the bed room I can't....." "Happens to all of us." "Bill, you need professional help. You need to see a doctor or a psychiatrist. If you ever get to a bad place, don't do anything rash. I'm texting you my number, call me anytime day or night. If anything happened to you they'd send someone to replace you. Probably some jerk like Crystal Claw." "Thanks, Rap, I appreciate it. I just haven't had any good news in a while. Whenever I'm thwarting your plans, I feel like I'm just going through the motions. I'm not enjoying it anymore." "My husband, Keith, fell into a deep depression after his mother passed. He was on some prescriptions for a while that helped. Now he's back to his normal self. I'll text you the number of his doctor." "Raptoroth, I.....I don't know what to say....," said Bill in a quivering voice. He collapsed onto Raptoroth's shoulder in tears. "Let it out. There's no one here but us." Some time later Bill sat up. "I'm going to take your advice, Rap." "I'm pleased to hear it. Listen, I baked an extra lasagna for you to take home with you. Keith baked some garlic herb bread. Take them with you; a good meal would do you well. No misdeed for two weeks, I promise." "Raptoroth, I don't know how to thank you." "Don't get soft on me, Captain Valor. The Harvest fest is in a few weeks. It would be a shame if someone attempted to steal the money from the Ms. Harvest scholarship prize. "Not if there's a hero to stop you." "That's the spirit!." EDIT: Thanks for this silver and kind words. I'm new to this sub and having a great time here. EDIT2: GOLD!?!, glad you liked it that much! 