
They say the best revenge is living well. I don't know about that; living well has been nice, but watching that shithead-with-good-publicity have a deliciously gradual breakdown has also been pretty damn good. My favorite part? The whole thing was facilitated by the forces of Law and Order he's always pretended to serve. I mean, I know the Witness Protection program hasn't always been a fun (or even safe) ride for everyone who's gone into it. But for me? Absolutely fabulous. The FBI whisks me off to safety and anonymity, and from that nice cozy perch, I get to watch. And I didn't even have to do anything for the privilege. No hidden cameras, no spybots, no dopplegangers inserted in the personal staff he treats like chattel. Nope, he's hoist by his own publicity-hounding. The paparazzi record every scrumptious little detail, lovingly craft their own little catty commentaries, and broadcast them to the entire world. I got to watch when he got shitfaced at his local bar and then crashed his stupid "supercar" into a freeway support at 3 am. Fortunately no one was killed, not that he'd care; for him, civilian deaths are just more grist for the publicity mill. And here's the thing; yeah, I was a thief. A criminal. That's not in dispute, it was all part of the plea bargain that got me into this nice little suburban bungalow. But I never killed anyone. And I never robbed anyone who couldn't afford it. But him? Man, the collateral damage alone, and the payoffs, and the "flings" with underage fans...I could go on. Probably I will. Expect a nice juicy tell-all at your local bookstore within the next eighteen months or so. Oh, I know he's got his own memoirs out. Like five of them. All ghost-written, of course, probably by some poor desperate bastard doing it for "exposure" and overawed by celebrity. All totally sanitized. The scales are starting to tip, though, after the incident with the twelve-year-old and that railgun-on-a-leash he calls a grappling hook. That one I don't want to crow over, poor kid. Yeesh. He got reamed in the media for that one, and all the spin-doctoring consultants (and bribes, of course) in the world couldn't make it go away. Hopefully someone in the government will manage to find their eyesight and their spine at the same time and put the bastard away. Or not. The really selfish part of me hopes he'll just have all his toys taken away and continues to deteriorate in the public eye. It's the most poetic justice I can imagine for him. Anyway, I'm gonna go have a beer on the patio of my house out here in Undisclosed Suburb, then go have dinner with my husband and kid. John's been after me to quit checking the news all the time during meals. But I just can't resist. &#x200B; r/Magleby 