
"But..." the manager sputtered, "but how?" The newbie handed him a scrap of paper that read: *Take heed! Take heed! The darkness approaches; only a hero can save you now. For millennia, the forces of evil have gathered and are now almost ready to strike. There is only one chance. A single human has taken part as a high priest to the Dark Arts and has been gifted with seeming immortality.* *A way to kill him must be found. Humanity depends upon it.* "Is this a prophecy?" "Fake prophecy," the newbie sighed. "I made it up, found a team of drug-addicted teens traveling the country, waited till they were all high, then implanted it into their heads. I also wrote the prophecy down all over the inside of their van." "You... you programmed a group of teens to kill your immortal for you?" "Programmed is a harsh word." "You manipulated their drug-addled state to make them think that they were Chosen Ones destined to stop an ancient evil from destroying the world," the manager said flatly. "Yes. Yes, I did." "What happened to the kids?" "Oh, they're in jail. Turns out the police wasn't impressed by their claims to be prophesied heroes and charged them all with murder. Their dog's in a pound." "How did they even kill him?" "I left them with some identifying information so that they could track him down. Then they started digging through some libraries for information on him." "Very studious for some homeless teenagers." "Well, that's why I chose them. They got bored pretty quickly, though, so they just broke into his house and kidnapped him." "Oh." "And then started trying everything they could think of. Silver bullet, stake in the heart, drowning, explosion-" "How'd they rig an explosion?" "One person in the group was a nerd and jerry-rigged something with a propane tank in a junkyard." "What eventually killed him?" "Radiation poisoning." The manager blinked. "Seriously?" "Yeah, they broke into a nuclear reactor and threw him into the core. He got radiation poisoning and died." "Huh. Not going to lie, that's a little disappointing. I arranged for him to be at a nuclear testing site when they set off a hydrogen bomb and I know another reaper tried to give him cancer." The newbie shrugged. "Well," he said, gesturing to the bag, "it worked." The manager didn't respond, only stared at the newbie. "You do realize," he finally spoke, "that you've broken a bunch of different regulations by deliberately interfering with human history. This could have serious cosmic consequences." "I know," the newbie groaned. "I just got carried away by the challenge. Am I fired?" The manager erupted into laughter. "Fired? Are you kidding me? That kind of disregard for the law and can-do attitude is exactly what we need more of! Holy crap, do you have any idea how much the commission on this guy is worth? No." He reached and grabbed the newbie by the shoulder. "You have a bright future with this company." 