
Its doings were as subtle as the whispers of the wind, smooth as the murmur of a far away river, for in a silent, mundane night, it snatched every soul away. Every single one, but mine. I woke up early, the sun still hidden beneath the horizon. I would love to say something odd stirred within me, a foreboding of some sort, but that was not the case. What woke me were its timbreless words, wrapped around a breath colder than ice. "It is done," Death said. I didn't understand what it meant, but still I clutched at my heart, for its bones were dismal, and its hollowness palpable. I sought for sentences and words, something to avoid the silence, something to melt the fear away, but I only found a memory spinning, over and over again, in the vast emptiness of my mind. It had happened two months ago, when Death had come and given me a bouquet of rose-shaped souls. For reasons beyond my understanding, I had told it that if there was a chance for us to fall in love, that would be when no one was alive. And deep down, I knew that memory had remained for a reason. Perhaps the words it had spoken, had made it settle and whirl, but truth was, reason didn't matter now. I pushed through the fear, through the knot within me, and at last, on the verge of tears, I said, "What did you do?" Death held out his hand, and on it rested a golden ring with a great stone full of swirling colors. "There is no one alive, but you. Now our love can bloom. This is the proof. Every soul lays within that stone, and every single one I gift to you." Through trembling hands, I held the ring. It was beautiful. My eyes wandered along the teetering colors, and in the space of a breath, the ring, the room, everything faded into an iridescent river, and in its tender currents I swam and sang, before a question shattered my reverie. At last, I looked at Death, and the question flowed out my mouth, "Why?" Death tilted its head, and two small twinkles of light shone in the hollows of his eyes. "Love is something the eternities never taught me. I witnessed it many times--countless times, but I never understood it. That was until I saw you, and like a key in a lock, everything opened before me. In that moment desire grew within me, and that desire was to feel the warmth of someone's love. And that someone was you. "Many times I came to you, and many times you broke my heart. In doing so you taught me that love and souls are different, for love can't be snatched away. Love is much greater, for it has to be nurtured, word by word, action by action, and even then it may not bloom. I did what you asked me, and even now, I see the doubt in your eyes. Perhaps you will never love me, but I had to try. And if I went too far, shatter the ring, and tomorrow everyone will wake up." I didn't hesitate. I threw the ring to the ground, and crashed it with a stomp. It made no noise when it broke, but the colors billowed away in a parade of wisps and tendrils. "I see you have taken your decision," Death said, his voice tarnished with grief. "So this is what pain feels like. I apologize for my actions, but just know, my love will always be yours." With that, he walked away. "Wait," I said, and held its hand. "I never said no." ------------------------------ r/NoahElowyn 