
"It says here you were executed on June 6th?" "That's right." "And buried the very next day?" "Correct." "But you've only just risen from that grave yesterday? Nearly a month later?" "Your point?" "Why not climb out of there the day you were buried or the day after?" "That wasn't the deal I made; besides, have you ever slept for a month straight?" "No, I can't say--" "It's fantastic, amazing stress reliever." A plump little lawyer eyed his client crossly from the opposite end of the metal table the inmate was cuffed to. For someone who'd been executed a month prior, he looked surprisingly... lively. "And you claim you made a deal with.... the Devil.... to come back to life a month after your death. Is that correct, Mr. Siks?" The man sipped his tea awkwardly from a styrofoam cup, the cuffs limiting his hands' mobility, smiling as he answered, "That is correct." "Yes, and I see the document here: this contract between you and the Devil," the lawyer held the thick piece of parchment up to his glasses for a few moments, but it began to burn the tips of his fingers. "It's quite hot..." "The paper was manufactured in hell; pretty sure the ink is the blood of the tormented." "I see," the lawyer carefully pushed the document over to his client with his pen. "And can I expect that the Devil will appear to confirm this agreement?" "No, I--don't--believe--you--can--expect--the--Devil--to--appear--to--confirm--this--agreement," he mocked in a silly cadence, with a wide, toothy smile. "He's the fucking *Devil*, and our terms were clear: my resurrection for my soul. I doubt what actually happens to me in my second chance at life is of much interest to Him." The lawyer laughed at this, pushing his glasses farther up his nose, "Well, why waste your second chance like you have? Why'd you come back to the very place you'd been confined for years and executed in? Doesn't the Devil usually grant these types of deals so that someone can top the rock charts or win the lottery?" "That's not the deal I wanted," Siks's smile is gone now. "I'm innocent." "That's not what the courts decided--" "But it's the truth, even the Devil Himself could admit it, and that's why I came back." The lawyer swallowed hard, not liking where this was going. "The deal was that my case would be reopened, and I would have a lawyer that would bring me justice--the Devil mentioned you by name." ___ **Thanks for reading. Sub to /r/BeagleTales for daily deals with the Devil** 