
"It's the fourth time this year, Jacob." The tender, compassion in the voice is in stark contrast to its owner; a man who looks like a menacing nightmare weaved from shadows. I have seen him many times before, yet he never seems to age. "I... I know... I'm sorry," I say to him, heaving under the crushing weight of my own tears. "Every time I decide to take my own life, I am nothing but certain it's what I want. But the moment I leave my body behind, and float upwards to your realm, I see all the grief I've left in my wake... and everything changes. I don't know what to do... I'm a mess. I just keep feeling that killing myself is the only way I'll ever find peace!" I break into another spell of uncontrollable sobs again. "I can understand how you feel," he says, his warmth wrapping my cold bones in hope. "But tell me this; how do you hope to find peace in the next world, when you haven't found it in this one?" I remember mumbling incoherently, as if trying to somehow sew torn thoughts together to show him something worth considering. "What do I do?" He laughs. A boyish, slightly amused laugh. "Are you asking Death how to save your soul? Its as foolhardy as asking a barber if you need a haircut, isn't it?" A wet, sloppy chuckle escapes my lips. The moment of respite evaporates as quickly as it came. "But seriously, what is wrong with me? Why am I so morbid, and terrified of everything? Why is my head laced with toxic dreams?" Death shakes his head slowly. "Do you want to know a secret, Jacob?" I nod. "When a person dies, they go on to the next world. But they stay there only momentarily. Memories are indestructible, even in the hands of God, Jacob. So try as he might he cannot erase them from the soul. This is the reason that when a soul is sent back into a new body, it retains a small part of your memories from the past life, along with your fears, your experiences. Anything that makes a lasting impression stays with you even after death." I stare at him wide-eyed, saying nothing. "Do you see three-year-old prodigies that can play the piano? Or how a person plays a sport for the first time and turns out to be a natural? It's all because they've experienced it in their past. Our likes, dislikes, strengths and weaknesses of a past life still manifest themselves in our current ones. That's the power bestowed by one rebirth. Now imagine a person who has been reborn multiple times. A person who has carried the weight of memories from several rebirths. The sheer burden is so heavy that the new mind cannot take it, so the physical vessel crumbles in trying to deal with such excruciating pressure. Let me tell you a secret, Jacob - even Death admires the tenacity and perseverance of a soul who chooses to live with such a curse. To me, a soul that is highly sensitive to fear is often the most powerful because it has seen and endured the impossible. Your latent conscience drives you to the brink because it handles more than an ordinary mind was ever built to hold. You've lived through a lot Jacob, more than most people do in several lifetimes. You can give it all up right now, or you can go on, at great personal cost, trying to help lighten the burdens of others like you. That choice is purely yours to make. Now, do you want to leave?" I cry again. But this time, the tears are.of pure gratitude. "No," I say. "thank you, but I'll be okay." That was the last time I saw or heard from him. I was 18 when I tried to kill myself last. I'm 43 today. I have a beautiful wife and three children that are my world. I found my calling in psychiatry at 25, and I've never looked back. I've written six comprehensive books on varying aspects of psychic trauma and how to deal with it. I can say I'm fulfilled and more at ease than I ever was in a very difficult childhood. Someone today, during an interview, asked me this - what is the secret to possessing such an open-minded, thoughtful outlook on life? I was tempted to say that it was pretty easy, once Death taught me how and why to live. r/whiteshadowthebook 