
It's been 10 years since I left David at the altar, surrounded by my scandalised friends and family. David was a sweet man, but I knew in my heart what I wanted, I couldn't ignore it. I ran down the street to our usual rendezvous, I didn't care that people were staring at me as my veil flew behind me in the wind. I had to see him again, I had to. But when I arrived, breathless and full of anticipation, he wasn't there. He never showed up, and I was left to pick up the pieces of my life in this small town. It was too late for me and David, he packed up his dignity and left for the city the next week. I don't blame him, I broke every good thing I'd ever had. Over time, family and friends finally forgave me, and I managed to repair a lot of the relationships I had damaged with my thoughtlessness. I went to counselling, took up swimming and Krav Maga, and tried to better myself. I never entered another relationship after that though. I didn't trust myself or anyone else. I'd been on a few dates here and there, but I figured I was better off on my own. I often wondered what happened that day, what scared him away? Did he ever love me? Had I truly loved anyone? I was pondering over this as I sipped a glass of wine on my sofa. I'd just got in from work, and my cat was rubbing herself all over my feet, welcoming me home. I reached down for a scratch, then realised I had no food for her in the house. I downed the last of my drink, and headed to the shop on the corner. I was perusing through the pet food aisle, debating whether to get Whiskas or Purina, when I saw him. He was standing at the end of the aisle, inspecting the cleaning products. At first, I thought I was dreaming; but no, there he was. He looked the same, still as beautiful as I remembered. I immediately hid at the end of the aisle, but I don't think he'd seen me. My first instinct was to run away, but I had to know. I had to know the reason. So I said a quick prayer, and walked back down the aisle towards him. "Joe! Where did you come from? It's been a while." I said a little too loudly. He finally looked at me, and I saw surprise in his eyes. He didn't reply, he didn't say a word. He just looked at me like a deer caught in the headlights. After an awkward silence, my smile had changed to a sad frown. This guy just breaks my heart and then completely ignores me? I had to know...I had to. I looked him right in the eyes, though mine were threatening to brim over, "where did you go?" Still no answer. I think this was more insulting than if he'd cussed at me. His eyes were darting around, as if looking for a way out, but I wasn't leaving without an answer, so I repeated it louder, "Where. Did. You. Go??" "Cotton Eye Joe?" A familiar voice asked behind me. My stomach dropped and I turned to see David standing there, with a basket of groceries on his arm. His eyes grew wide when he saw me, but then went cold. He looked over me to Joe, "Come on babe, we're leaving." He held out his hand, and Joe silently took it. They walked out of the store together, hand in hand. For a brief moment, Joe looked back at me, then just like that, he was gone. I was left alone, again. I never saw them again, I've moved on since then, but I know if it hadn't been for Cotton Eye Joe, I'd have been married a long time ago. And to this day, I still don't know where he and David went. But after all this time, I wish them happiness. 