
The feeling of my sight coming back was a short-lived spark of joy in the endless night that had been my life before today. I couldn't believe that upon waking up today, I would be looking at the ceiling. *The ceiling!* Such a mundane surface, and yet when you've been starved of sight for years on end, something about the shitty designs and unexciting flaws brought me to tears. This moment of elation was cut short as soon as I realized what I was really looking at. "DON'T TELL THEM YOU CAN SEE." It was written on anything that could have been written on in my room. Walls, windows, even the underside of my desk chair. All of the letters were written out as if done in a hurry, although covering the whole room would have taken quite some time. Realizing I was now sweating, I decided to play it safe for the time being. Glancing out of the window told me everything I needed to know. Everything else was normal. Well, as normal as things have been ever since The Great Blinding years ago. Other people were out-and-about yet were clearly still living in a dark world. Still not sure what to make of this, I decided to head into town as I was already planning on getting groceries today. Walking through a world as the only one who can see is incredibly strange. For one, even the light from an overcast sky hurt my eyes. I certainly forgot that everyone stopped caring how they look. A scene of about 10 or so people shuffling around the street with wild hair and mismatched clothing reminded me of some sort of shitty zombie movie. And then something caught my eye that I never expected. A well-dressed woman, a bit shorter than me and with long, braided black hair, crossed the road about 2 blocks from me. Even though I hadn't seen anything in years, I recognized her in a second. It was Tessa, a girl who I had always been sorta-romantic with, but we were never both in the right place to start a relationship. I thought about calling out, but the message leapt out of my mind again; DON'T TELL THEM YOU CAN SEE. As I swallowed the breath that I had been planning on using to shout and felt the sting of lost love, a sunbeam broke through the clouds and make her look as beautiful as the last time I had seen her. Then Tessa turned towards me. *And make eye contact.* *DON'T TELL THEM.* The hair on my neck stood up straight. Tessa started to walk towards me. *DON'T TELL HER.* *I think she already knows...* I couldn't move an inch. Today was all so jarring for me, my mind quit on me. She was only a handful of paces away from me now. "Did you tell anyone?" Her voice was sweet as always, yet carried a commanding weight to it that I didn't recognize. "*YES* or *NO*, dumbshit." "N-No." I stammered. Before I could draw another breath I was whisked away. Tessa was practically dragging me by the arm into the nearest building. She ducked us behind what looked to be a receptionist's desk at one point, when the city was still thriving. "Sorry about not warning you, we didn't really have a good opportunity to contact you. How's seeing again?" The commanding tone had left her voice. "Wait, wait, wait." I stared blankly at her as my thoughts ordered themselves, "Did you do this to me? I can see because of something you did?" "Of course I did it to you, we always need more help with the resistance." I could hear the dial-up internet noise in my brain as I tried to sort out what the hell was happening to me. "You did this? What's with the weird messages all over my walls? Wait why me? What the fuck is going on!?" My breath was ragged by now. "Sorry if you had a strange wakeup, I was on another mission so Jordy was the one who left you the message and slipped you the medicine. He... has a flair for the eccentric..." Tessa broke eye contact to roll her eyes and huff. After a moment of thought, her normally perky facial features became quite grim. "The Great Blinding wasn't just some random event, it was all orchestrated." As my mouth once again started to form another question, Tessa's hand pointed to the sky as the clouds had started to break. Steel monoliths hung in the clouds, as if the skyscrapers themselves had been lifted out of the earth, smoothed over, and hung from the heavens. Silent and ominous, they hung over the city like great watchers. "They scorched all of humanity's vision so that they could silently farm this planet while we still work it. Turns out they're huge fans of what we've done to the atmosphere." The minute of silence felt like an eternity as I stared at the monoliths hanging in the sky. Tessa crossed her arms and gave me a dominating stare. "So, will you join us?" 