
The pistol was pointed straight at Emily's forehead. She froze and a look of horror came across her face. "David," she said, her voice shaking, "W-what the fuck, man?" "I'm going to ask this one more time," I told her, my finger ready on the trigger, my senses heightened incredibly, "How much wood, Emily?" "What the hell does that even mean, Da..." her question was interrupted by the large report of my weapon discharging. My insides turned inside out as the back of her skull exploded into the wall behind her. We hit the ground at the same time, her dead, me emptying my stomach as tears poured from my eyes. "You're not Em," I said to myself at least fifty times, I slow crawled to her corpse. I looked at the gun. It had nine more rounds. If I were wrong I'd be joining her soon. Emily and I had met a year ago at a friends party. She was talking about UFO's and laughing. I joined in and soon we were discussing our favorite conspiracy theories. We had bonded over the silliest shit and over the months had dated and fallen madly in love. Three months ago she started diving into the bullshit lizard people infiltrating the government crap, showing me obviously edited videos that we'd laugh at together. Then a month ago something happened. One night she woke me up and showed me the firearm she had purchased. She told me that every night I was to ask her the same question, "How much wood?". It was short for the old how much wood could a woodchuck dig and her answer was always to be a smile and a "Fuck the woodchuck!" This always made me laugh. The first strange thing I had noticed today when I got home was that Emily wasn't deep into researching odd conspiracies like she always did after work. It was how she would wind down. Instead she had been watching the local news. At first I thought something interesting had happened but no, it was a fluff piece. I asked, "Are you ok?" "Of course," she said and oddly continued watching the news. She hated the news and always made me turn it off if I put it on. She actually pretty much hated watching regular television. "How much wood?" I asked her with a smile. "What does that mean?" she asked and my blood froze. "Don't kid, Em," I said laughing weakly, "How much wood?" "I don't know what you're talking about," the thing said, raising an eyebrow. In less then ten seconds I was sure it wasn't her. Then I shot her, but you know that. When I reached her body I was raising the gun to my temple and then stopped. Her insides. Now I've never seen the insides of a living or dead human but I've seen enough horror movies to know that our brains aren't a dark shade of green. I noted that the red blood that had come from whatever this was, upon being exposed to air was slowly turning green also. "What the fuck?" I said out loud, "What the fuck is this shit?" Inside my mind reeled in horror but I felt elated at the same time. I hadn't killed Emily! I'd killed... what? The sirens outside of our apartment startled me to life. They had replaced her. Who? The lizard people? That was absurd. I took multiple pictures of the corpse with my phone and darted to the fire escape, putting the gun on safety and into my pocket. My phone buzzed and my heart soared. There was a text from Emily sent seconds ago that simply read, "It isn't me! Get out of there! I will text you tonight. Trust me." My feet hit the concrete and I walked serenely by the police cars blaring to where I had just come from. I had to hide. I had to find Emily. 