
"You *stupid* boy. You've doomed us all!" Caleb winced at his father's words. "What did I tell you? Never let *anyone* in. Why Caleb? Why do you not listen?" his father slammed his fist against the drab wooden table. "B-but father," Caleb whimpered as he tried his best not to shake. "He was an old man, a-and he was thirsty! All he wanted was a sip of water... he wasn't a bad per-" "You fool! This time we were lucky. What if he was from the Glades? Or the Swamps? Jesus! Calab he could have had a group of soldiers or worse, Maneaters following right behind him!" "But father, he didn't and he was harmless in the end so-" "No! Why don't you get it Caleb? It doesn't matter if he *didn't*. What matters is that he could have been a danger to us all. He could have been a lone raider, and you would have lead a *wolf* right into the middle of our encampment. We could have been slaughtered right in our sleep, you foolish child. " Caleb hung his head in shame as his father sighed deeply. "Caleb, you're sixteen now and you're only this *old* because we don't take *chances.* Trusts no one. It doesn't matter how harmless they seem - It's what they want you to think, understand? I've seen too many settlements massacred because they let one person in for a drink." Caleb knew his father was right. He was older and experienced much more of this ruined world than he did. But something didn't sit right with him. Caleb had seen the old man collapse in the deserts. He was so old and frail that the boy had thought he was a skeleton, or a wight. But when he got closer, he saw that the old man was harmless. And all he wanted was water. So the boy lead him to a pond near their sanctuary and just like that, the old man was gone. Nothing changed. No disaster or slaughter, but then he told his father about it and now he was suffering for not keeping it to himself. "Listen Caleb, don't let any of the others know of this old man okay? Boy you better pray that -" Suddenly, the settlement alarms blared. Caleb hadn't even known that the settlement they lived in had *alarms.* Caleb's father cursed, composed himself, then stepped out of the hut they lived in. Caleb followed. "Hey you! Stop! What's going on!?" his father questioned a random passerby. "A horde of 'em. O-outside. They're sur-surrounding us as we speak!" the passerby stammered, fear plastered on his face. "A horde of what?!" his father snapped. "M-maneaters! I don't know how they found this place!" His father cursed quickly then spoke, "they may have wandered here by chance. Hurry! We must arm ourselves and man the posts on the wall!" The man nodded and began relaying the message as he sprinted around the encampment. Caleb trembled as he wondered. *Am I to blame for this? Was it really the old man who had caused this?* Caleb's father grabbed Caleb by the scruff of his shirt, and whispered in his ear, "listen boy, grab everything you can! We're getting the fuck out of-" Suddenly blood spilled onto Caleb's face. Caleb looked at the bone arrow protruding out of the socket of his father's eye. Then he saw. Maneaters. *Everywhere.* The wall didn't even hold. There were just too many. Naked, adorned with human skin and bones, they screamed and hollered like wild animals as they slaughtered the settlers. *What have I done?* Caleb wondered, as an arrow took him in the knee and then he fell. He fell onto the dirt where his father's dead face starred at him from the side. A Maneater crept up to Caleb and licked the blood from his knee, then began patching it up. Caleb would be kept alive to be eaten for dessert on a later date. Maybe it would be for a wedding feast or a - Suddenly, the Maneater's head exploded, his brains spilling and smearing Caleb as he fell. Caleb looked up. Looming over Caleb was the old man. In his hands, a revolver and a double-barrel shotgun with smoke spilling out of the barrels. They were weapons that were perhaps as old as him. It was then that Caleb understood as he watched the old man dispatch the Maneaters with precision and ease. The old man was a mountain of calm within a sea of chaos. He reloaded his weapons deftly, as if he had done it a thousand times and when the Maneaters came too close, the old man kicked with his steel-tipped boots shattering their bones like glass. The Maneaters began to group up, wanting to push as a group instead of dying one by one, but when they did, the Old man simply chucked a grenade into the center of their formation. The old man was not old by *mere* accident. He was old because he was experienced. All his years of fighting in the harshest of conditions, accumulating experience in war and combat and above all else, he was fighting children. Barbaric, man-eating *children* that had fallen prey to their instincts and had never known the practiced art of mechanical slaughter. "Thank you for the water kid. I'm just here to repay the favor, so don't die just yet," the old man grumbled as he chucked another grenade. Caleb cried as he nodded, overcome with emotion. He didn't know what to say. He had never expected the old man to return, and to save him too. It was too much. But as Caleb lay there crying he came to one realization. Something that didn't sit right with him before. Something about what his father had said. Maybe it *was* worth it to take chances. ---- ---- /r/em_pathy 