
I died, a horrific accident that happened on the job, but that's just the risk you take. I stood by that tree for days not understand what it meant, and trying to understand that I was dead. The tree was massive, the largest thing I have ever seen, so many branches and so tall It would take am eternity to count. When I looked closer I saw writings. Some marked my age and some marked the day of the choices I made. It started off simple, "age five, chose macaroni and cheese instead of pizza or not eating at all or throwing a fit, or crying and screaming or..." the sentence impossibly continued forever on a small branch at the lower end of the tree after all, every decision is technically infinite. This small section of age five stretched on for miles. And I knew that nothing at this age was worth looking into. I lived to 45 so I need to climb this infinitely spreading tree in order to see more important ones, like my divorce, my decision to not have kids, and the one I was most dreading, my last decision, an accident on the job that I had caused. I hadn't realized until theoretical years had passed that I had gone crazy, reading every single decision i could have made, counting the possibilities, why was this tree here? To drive me mad? To test me? Was god testing me? I had no way to be sure and no way to get out of here so it's all i could do to pass the time. I have never tried to go further into the deep cloaking fog i was surrounded by but what could be out there? I dont bother checking, it's probably useless, it probably is just endless fog. I've been here for decades, I feel like the tree here is taunting me, showing me my mistakes and rubbing them in my face, I dare not damage the tree, as it provides infinite wisdom, it knows me better than any person. The tree is my friend, my only friend. It's been too long to count, the tree hates me, it wants to drive me mad, it wants to trap me here reading its infinite wisdom, so I rot in here, nothing to do but indulge in the tree. I decided to go into the fog, the tree no longer wants me as a guest, and I find a smaller tree but somehow equally infinite, with every decision I made while dead. Edit: Spelling 