
Five... four... three... two... annnnd one. That was it. Johnston was officially past the furthest reaches of the Milky Way. He was the first living being in the galaxy to escape its boundaries. The raw, pitch darkness in front of him was unsettling, as if he had fallen off the edge of reality itself. He took a minute to appreciate the moment which marked the beginning of true intergalactic travel, a confirmation that hyperspace was traversable and-- A light on his communications interface flashed red, indicating an incoming transmission. Johnston was confused--he was millions of light-years away from Earth, there was no way a message from Earth would have reached him after the jump. Confusion quickly gave way to panic--the system must be malfunctioning. Something about the jump through hyperspace fried the system--*exactly* what everyone was afraid of. Shit. And if the communications interface was fried who knows what else could-- Oh wait. Realization dawned, and wave of relief washed over him. It was almost certainly a pre-recorded congratulatory message set to go off at this moment by the team. Those bastards, Johnston thought, grinning to himself as he pressed the button to play the message. He'd get them back when he-- The message was incomprehensible. It was a string of foreign symbols and letters strewn on the screen almost at random. Johnston rebooted the interface. The message remained unchanged, and the panic resurfaced. So the system *was* fried, and he may very well be very screwed. He archived the message--the techies could analyze it when he got back. For now, he would-- The light flicked back on. Johnston pressed the button. Another series of incomprehensible symbols. Okay. That was it, he would need to cut the mission short. He put his harness back on, input the appropriate commands, and felt some relief as the shuttle responded, its thrusters applying the precise force needed to turn the ship around 180 degrees. The galaxy slowly came back into view, the entirety of the Milky Way laid out before him. Home. He would-- *What the hell is that!* The stars had flickered out in an instant, obscured by the large black craft which had just materialized out of thin air, meters away from his ship. He checked his oxygen levels--they were normal. He wasn't hallucinating. Well, at least not due to lack of oxygen. PREPARE TO BE BOARDED. HAVE YOUR INTERSTELLAR LICENSE AND PLANETARY REGISTRATION READY. IF APPLICABLE HAVE YOUR APPENDAGES AND/OR TENTACLES UP. &nbsp; *** &nbsp; "Ma'am, could I see your license and planetary registration?" The creature that had boarded the ship spoke perfect English, but looked nothing like any being Johnston had ever seen. It was round, *perfectly* round, and its face was centered in the middle of its body. Its appendages--two arms and legs--were thin as toothpicks. Most disconcertingly, it wore what resembled a cartoonish American police uniform, complete with star-shaped badge. "I'm a, uh, I'm actually a man," Johnston stuttered. "Yes, you're a ma'am. That's what I said." "No, a man. You know what, it doesn't matter. The real question is, what are *you*?" The circle-thing frowned. "Look I'm asking the questions here, all right doll face? Now where's that license?" "License?" "Okay is my translator broken?" It asked, tapping a metal band on one of its spindly wrists. "Can you understand me? Can you understand the words I am speaking to you?" "Yes, yes, I can understand you. Sorry I'm just a bit confused is all. Are you from this galaxy?" "What part of *I Ask the Questions* do you not understand? What are you, some kind of Zliksnob?" "Okay okay, sorry." Johnston said, realizing in that moment no one on Earth would believe what the hell was happening. The ship's nav system will have recorded the creature's spacecraft approaching, but that wasn't enough. They'd call him crazy, explain the nav-reads as glitches. He needed real proof. So unable to help himself, Johnston pushed his luck. "I'm sorry... I just have *one* question." "You really don't listen do you?" The creature said in a raised voice, a look of pure annoyance across its face. "I said no questions! I've said it three times now!" "I'm so sorry, I just--" The creature started tapping the metal band again. "What about my uniform? Is *that* broken too? What're you seeing? It should be projecting your interpretation of *authority*, not a goddamn Blorgsnarf." "No no, your uniform is good, you look very authoritative. I'm sorry, this is just very new is all. I'm a human. We've never--" "Look I've heard it all before," the thing interrupted, rolling its eyes. "You've never broken the law, you've never so much as docked on the wrong side of a moon before. But listen, you're not in trouble. I stopped you because I thought you might be a duster. Looking around though, no duster would be caught dead in a tin-can like this. I just need to see your license and registration, and we'll be done here." "You'll just leave?" "Yeah, that's what I said." "What if I don't have either a license or registration with me?" "You'll need to turn back around and I'll have to write you up. We'll send a summons to your address and be in touch regarding further proceedings." "I see." "Is that it? Are you done? Got it all out of your system? Feel like a big girl asking all those questions?" "Okay, yes that's it, thank you. Well unfortunately I don't have my documents on me. I must have left them at home." "A write-up it is. What's your address?" "Earth, 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Washington, DC." &nbsp; *** &nbsp; Thanks for reading! This is my first prompt, but I'm looking forward to joining the community. I'll be aggregating my posts on r/Banana_Scribe (empty now but more will come) 