
"And in Today's News, it has been five days since Google went off line. Amidst the chaos that has ensued from this nearly apocalyptic event, News Channel 5 is able to report some dramatically positive news. For this, we turn to field reporter Steve Peterson. Steve..." "Thank you Andrew. I am here today next to Willie Townsend, who stands next to me as a multi-millionaire. His modest investment in a local company has doubled five times now, in...as many days. Willie, want to walk us through this amazing ride?"" *Yeah...well...my old lady told me last week that I was a damn fool. Investing in street guides. Those Wunnenburg kind with the grids. But, I knew a day like this would come...and all y'all would be a scramblin'. Looks like I was right.* "Right indeed Willie...back to you Andrew." "Thank you Steve. And a similar story is coming out of YP Holdings. That's right, the *Yellow Pages*. Looks like all of us will let our "fingers do the walking'...remember that Carol? "I sure do Andrew. Unfortunately for me, and likely the rest of our viewing audience, my last copy went straight to the recycling bin." "Same Here Carol. Yellow Pages is announcing a resurgence in full page ad prices, reaching a historic high of $25,000 a page, while also bolstering Operator services for 411 calls." "Looks like 411 will be more than an *expression* these days Andrew." "Indeed. And now, we turn to field reporter Trish Sylvester on the corner of 86th St, and Tucker. Trish..." "Good Morning Andrew. With YouTube down, we are seeing sights like these crop up on dozens of city blocks across town. There seems to be three camps of these citizens: Those wanting to show videos on their phone for money, those who are trying to buy chances to see other people's videos, and random street performers seeking attention.  Here at 86th St, we have this fully grown man, calling himself "Ink Boy", who is coaxing his cat through these hoops. Ink Boy says he only wants you to drive by, and give him a thumbs up. Back to you Andrew." "Well that about wraps things up. And from all of us here at News Channel 5, we want to thank you all for the highest ratings we have seen in television history. We will see you back again at the top, middle, and bottom of every hour...all day long." 