
I have a few under my belt, but one case sticks out in particular. It all started on a dusty street. Palm leaves swaying under the blazing sun. It was one of those days where you'd rather stay inside a cool basement than wander the city, but duty called as it tends to do when you least of all need it. Somewhat grumpy, I wriggled into my formal clothes. People saw my judicial gown and scurried out of the way like scared mice. My word was truth in this part of the land. Truth and justice often walk hand in hand. A man in grubby clothes and unkempt beard was brought before me on the steps of the temple. He was already beaten badly, sweat leaking out of every pore. An angry mob had followed him here, no doubt taking part in the beatings. I looked the man in the eyes, trying to divine his feelings. Was he scared? Angry? Or was there perhaps a glimmer of guilty? "What is his crime?" I asked. "He's a thief and a troublemaker, your highness!" one of the guards said. I took a step closer, taking his chin in my palm. "Are you?" The man shook his head, a tiny dribble of blood and spit seeping down his cracked lips. "Speak up!" "I am not a thief, milord," the man said, his words carrying a hint of an accent. He was a shepherd or farmer without education. Perhaps he'd been in the wrong place at the wrong time. At the very least he was no thief. I looked behind him at the angry crowd. He'd done something to upset them, that much was clear. "Are you a troublemaker?" "If so, that was never my intention," the man said. He seemed calm, despite the crowd after his head. I looked at him long and well. He wasn't lying. Truth be told, he was nobody. "He's a witch!" someone in the crowd cried and got several agreeing hums from the others. "Let's talk in the shadow," I said, wiping my brow. I wanted him away from the crowd for a moment. Sometimes there are questions not meant for the public's ears. "It's okay," I told the guards when they made a move to follow. "Look at him. The heat has gotten to him. He wouldn't get far." The guards grumbled but released him into my custody. I sat down in one of the klinai near the entrance, in sight of the crowd. "Tell me," I said, taking a grape and stuffing it into the side of my cheek, slowly devouring its sweet succulence. "Are you a witch?" "I am not a witch, milord." Again, he was telling the truth. "You look thirsty, would you like something to drink?" The man nodded, and I held out a jar of water but didn't let go as he closed his filthy fingers around it. "Tell me, what would make a crowd this angry?" The man shifted on the spot. "Things they don't understand scare them." "Such as?" "I help the sick. I feed the hungry." "You're a doctor?" I said, lifting an eyebrow. "No, milord, I am not." "You understand that the crowd wants your head, right?" I said, somewhat annoyed by his calm. "They don't understand." "What is it that they don't understand?" I finally let go of the jar, and he drank deeply. "That there is hope for all. Let me go, and I will help those in need." "Tell me something. How should I know that you're telling the truth? Show me how you'll feed the hungry." I picked up a dried fish from one of the plates, casting it at the man's feed. "Show me, and I'll let you go." The man looked me in the eye, his lips tight. "Even if I show you, you will tell the crowd I'm a liar and a troublemaker." I tilted my head to the side. He was smarter than he looked. The crowd wanted blood and they would get it. The rest of it was just theatrics. "I guess there's nothing I can do for you then," I said and rose from the kline, waving the guards over. I washed my hands and turned to the crowd and announced, "Guilty!" *** r/Lilwa_Dexel for more of my stories. 