
Mark had never had an easy life. His childhood was troubled, and things only seemed to get worse for him as time went on. It was as if he was cursed, doomed to endure. At the core of all his anguish was his family; his dreadful, detestable family. All of them seemed truly evil - each like the embodiment of the deadly sin they most treasured. He'd managed to run away from them, not too long ago; but far too late. The damage was done. So when he heard the news that his family suddenly passed away, he expected to feel exalted. Ecstatic. Like all the torment could finally end. Instead, he just felt hollower than he'd ever been. And yet, he was homeless, and the sole heir to the family house. It pained him go back there, but he had no choice. No one wanted to buy the house, that was for sure. So he returned to his nightmare place, feeling more trapped now than his year of being on the streets. **** The demons watched him arrive with trepidation. They were used to corrupting men, to influencing them to do the most terrible things. But this young man was already broken. He had no desires to manipulate. No ironies to exert. The young man that had moved in was the most dead living being they'd ever seen. They remembered him as a child. His family had been in the house for two generations, and while all before them had been their own kind of terrible, each having evil characteristics that they could exploit - he had none of them. But he had suffered the most because of it. The demons realised that this man's life - the entirety of it, really - had been ruined by none other than themselves. He was collateral damage. Their machinations were meant to punish the wicked, not harm the good. They'd had a crisis of identity. So now, it was time for each of them to fix it. For all of them - for the first time since their inception - this was the first time they were going to do *good*. Pride stared at the young man, his hollow shuffling, his blank gaze. He turned back to face the group of demons assembled around him, sighing heavily. "Well, we've right fucked this one up. Any ideas?" **** Part II coming soon(ish) 