
In a dark room that doesn't exist, a man slams his hands onto the interrogation table. "How the hell did you do it?" "I-I don't know what you mean," stammers the child shackled to the table. He's a boy of sixteen, maybe seventeen, with a smattering of acne and a terrible haircut. And, apparently, an IQ of 180. "How did you manage FTL communications?" Agent Harland barks. "Q-link communications? Is it quantum linking? How'd you manage to hook the other transmitter into your ISP's network?" "...We just went over and installed it," says Ryan with no small amount of confusion. "It was just a fun project." "Did you get any sort of clearance from the ISP? Did they help you with this?" "I don't think the lady at the front desk took us very seriously," Ryan says in a small voice. "She just laughed and said 'sure', so we hooked it up ourselves. It was easy." "The access codes? The passwords?" "They forgot to give them to us, so we just cracked them ourselves." Harland lets out a low groan. "Is there nothing you can tell us? You're in trouble, kid, but it's not too much trouble. The government is very, very interested in what you boys have built." "We didn't really... make notes or anything." "No documentation? But surely you must be able to recreate it." Ryan shrugs. "If I had a lot of time and a bunch of money, I guess. But my mom cut my allowance last week, so-" "We can handle that. Why did you build the network in the first place?" Ryan shrugs. "We just wanted to have lower ping. We kept getting destroyed by other players because of the latency - now we've got zero ping, and I ranked up to Global Elite. I also learned a bunch of Russian." Harland's voice is suddenly deadly serious. "You're working with the Russians? Are they funding your little project?" "No, no. We keep getting matched up against Russians, and they fill chat with all sorts of stuff I had to learn. Cyka blyat, y'know?" "...So you fight Russians in this game?" Ryan nods. "Could you boys show me how your little project works?" He slides the laptop across the desk - it spins to face the teen. "I can hook your computer up to the communications network, if you've got one with you." "You have a q-link transmitter? On you?" "Yeah," Ryan says, pulling open a hidden flap on his belt. He pulls a tiny, blinking device from it - about the size of a thumbnail. Harland makes a mental note to reprimand the agents who perform the body searches. "Wait here." The suited agent leaves the interrogation room, and returns with a jet-black, hardened military laptop. It's about six pounds, and could stop a bullet. "Show us how your network works." "Ah, it only works on Steam games, really." A few minutes pass as the agent runs through the installation process. Ryan takes only seconds to install the transmitter, which unfolds like a flower and inserts itself into a USB port. Harland taps his earpiece once it's been set up. "Yeah. We've got it running. Get the boys in the lab to analyze it." He takes the laptop and heads for the door. "You've done your country a great service, kid. We'll be in touch." "...Sir?" Ryan asks in a small voice. "Yes?" Harland pauses. "...You wanna play a match?" A few seconds pass in silence. Harland taps his earpiece again. "...Hang on. Gotta perform a quick network test - kid says it's important." He takes a seat by Ryan and removes his cuffs. "So, we're gonna be up against Russians?" "Yeah, but don't worry," says Ryan. "I can carry. Trust me, I'm Global." --- *Want more? Subscribe to /r/OneMillionWords* 