
Ford Superduty pickups surrounded the camp. Chrome bumpers reflected the sun's rays indifferently. Smoke rose from a barbecue, a cheap-looking radio blared its tinny music from a foldable table nearby. It was stacked high with burger buns wrapped in plastic film. Men in flannels sat around in their folding chairs formed into a rough circle. Crates of Coors inside coolers kept nearby, ready to replenish the emptying cans in their hands. The men chatted amongst themselves, chuckles and laughs blew up with the smoke. Occasionally they would all laugh uproariously at some joke. Near them was a shed, plain and unimportant-looking but before long they heard a rumbling coming from within the walls of grey, rotting wood. It grew louder, overtones building. Someone was yelling. Suddenly the door burst forward in an explosion of splinters. The group tensed and jumped, all of them pulling out SPAS-12s and AR-15s. They scattered, sending their folding chairs backwards as three men ran out looking stone white. Their eyes were wide in fear as they ran screaming. The other rednecks pumped their guns and drew back their bolts, waiting for something else to come out. After several seconds nothing happened. Some of the men dropped their gaurd. They went over to the three who had just run out. "What the hell happened down there?" said a pudgy man through a thick drawl. "Bill!" chimed up one of the three runners. "You won't beleive us. We found these here crazy wolves down there. Pumped every one of my slugs into the varmits and they didn't go down!" Someone cleared their throat from behind. H was rather small, squaring his shoulders to try and look tougher. He offered his can to someone nearby. "Hold my beer." The small man walked over to a brand new Tundra and popped open the tailgate. He stepped onto the bed and leaned down. Scraping and squealing came from the truckbed as he searched for something. The others all looked on with curiosity. Then he stood back up, several bundles of long pipe held in both his arms. "So," he said. "Don't like slugs? Let's see if it likes sixty feet of flaming gasoline." He chucked what was in his hands down onto the dirt. He leaned down to rummage some more. He threw out rubber hoses, carefully lowered what looked like modified propane tanks to the ground, and then stepped out of the truckbed with two red canisters in both his hands. "Derrick, you..." one of the other rednecks started in disbelief. "Am I gonna have to put these flamethrowers together all by myself?" he asked, the cans of gas feeding his voice with confidence. The others simply looked on with a mixture of shock and joy. Two of the three who had run out of the shed stepped forward. "Hells yeah," one of them said enthusiastically. "Maybe we can get ourselves a real barbecue goin!" An hour later four of the rednecks were suited up, modified tanks strapped to their backs with a rat's nest of hoses and pipes coming out. They all wore welding masks with clear lenses, hoping it would protect them from the heat. They all stepped forward and filed into the shed. It was unassuming on the outside, maybe interesting to a land surveyor but inside was a different story. Stone steps descended into the ground and led into pitch darkness. "Well, boys, y'all ready?" The others gave enthusiastic grunts and reached up, switching a set of Harbor Freight Tools headlamps on. "We'll keep the beers cold!" someone from the cam shouted as the 4 started their way into the dungeon. --- I uh... not really sure what I wrote but I found the prompt hilarious and had to do something. 