
The Police Commissioner grasps my hand and gives it a eye-watering squeeze. I think he's used to actual superheroes and seems to be putting a little too much effort into it. He clasps my forearm as I stifle a little squeak of pain.   "Fantastic job, Lucky Lad!" he snorts, white moustache wobbling precariously on his upper lip. Mercifully, he releases my hand and I fight the temptation to check all my bones are in one piece.   "No problem Commissioner," I say in my usual 'hero' voice. I've got it down now, don't even need to think about it. I guess all that practicing in the mirror paid off.   "Shame about the civilians, mind," he mutters, and we both turn to face the upturned cars and burning helicopter wreckage. There's a leg sticking out of the broken window, bone protruding and blood collecting in little pools near smoking debris.   "Aah, yes," I manage. God I hate the sight of blood. I'm sure he can see my face squirm a little. "Unfortunately, my powers only affect my luck, and not the luck of err... helicopter pilots."   "I'm sure we'll find out he was some sort of criminal after it's all tidied up!" he laughs, clapping me on the back and almost sending me sprawling.   "Hah," I say, "Yeah..."   "Probably another rapist. Anyway, the important thing is, you stopped those bank robbers!" he says cheerily, doodling in his notebook. Even from my viewpoint, I can make out a stickman with a gun flying out of a windshield. Sometime's I'm not sure how the commissioner got his job.   "Well..." I say, shrugging, "I guess... my work here is... ahh..." my throat gets all tickly and I cough, "...done."   "Oh, yes, yes," he says, waving me away, scribbling something in his notebook, eyes furrowed in concentration.   Whilst he's distracted, I make my escape. A couple of nearby policemen shout and wave.   "God bless you Lucky Lad!"   I force a smile and wave back. A car full of college girls pass, honking and leaning out the window.   "Lucky Lad! Wanna get lucky with us?" one of the blondes shouts with a wink as the one in the backseat flashes her bra and laughs.   I'd written down a whole list of 'luck' related puns yesterday but my minds drawing a blank. I've been silent too long so just force the first words out of my mouth I can. "Maybe later, I'm just really trying to get some milk." Jesus Christ, Ian, did you really just say that?   An old man nudges me in the ribs. "Lucky bastard," he mutters with a chuckle, shaking his head.   "Hah," I say, "Haha."   I walk and I walk, until it gets dark. Alone, I find myself on the interstate bridge.   I look left. Nobody there. Right. Nobody there.   I step up onto the bridge parapet, and plunge a hand into my pockets, pulling out a single coin.   "I haven't got powers," I confess in a whisper to the wind. "I haven't got a clue what I'm doing. My whole life is a fucking lie."   I look at the coin, shaking my head and fighting away tears. Time to find out how lucky I really am.   "Heads I get milk," I tell the wind, "tails... I jump."   Thumb resting on my thumb, I flick the coin into the air, and move to catch it with my palm. It floats in a graceful arc, spinning and twisting. A pigeon flies overhead in a low swoop, and smacks right into the coin. They both spiral off the edge of the bridge and there's a huge bang as the pigeon lands on a powerline. My coin tumbles down and down until I can't see it anymore. As the pigeon bursts into flames, crackling and popping, I let out a deep sigh, and pull out another coin, my pockets jangling with loose change.   "Heads I get milk..."   r/RJHuntWrites 