
The second day stuck at the bottom of the ocean, the crew locked me in a storage closet. I suppose it shouldn't have come as a surprise, but I had really thought we were getting along. Oh, sure, I had accidentally caused a ship-wide EMP that disabled all systems, but it was hardly my fault that the radio was *that* badly mis-wired. "Aw, guys," I feebly complained as they stuffed me into the closet, "things were going so well." They were not, of course, going so well. Fourteen hours into the dive, we got a message from the surface support vessel *Heart of Gold* that there had been seismic activity a few miles from our location, and an underwater pressure wave was heading our way. Too far from the surface to make it topside, we had no choice but to brace for impact. The pressure wave shook the old submarine - purchased out from mothballs and refitted as a treasure finder - and sent us spinning for nearly ten minutes. When we recovered, it had been my job to radio the surface to tell them we were OK, and inquire if the mission instructions had changed. Then came the EMP, and the sinking to the ocean floor, and the panic in total darkness about oxygen running out as temperatures dipped to near freezing and the walls shuddered and creaked under the immense pressures of the deep sea. You could understand why there'd be some tension; I don't blame the crew for lashing out. Still, locked in a closet with no light or food or water, I did feel incentivized to formulate an escape plan. Unfortunately, there was nothing around I could use to get out. This closet was the demolitions locker. If I touched anything, the tiny room would perhaps barely contain the explosion, but I would not survive. With no good options available to me, I availed myself of bad ones. I grabbed a detonator and smashed it against the door. The tiny seed charge blew the lock - and broke several bones in my hand - but just like that I was free. Free, with an armload of underwater demolitions charges. The skipper had apparently managed to find some batteries while I was locked up, because there was faint lighting from a dozen or more low-power LED floodlights at their lowest setting. Two of the crew came running through the tight corridors and saw me, carrying nearly a third my weight in high explosives, struggling toward the aft torpedo tubes. They raced toward me, their thick rubber-soled boots clomping firmly against the slightly damp deck. They were perhaps ten meters away when the sub shifted, the back half dropping low as the whole vessel rolled to port. I had no such grippy shoes. Mine had fallen off in the struggle to get me stuffed in the locker. All I had on were wool socks and silk sock liners over top. On the wet floor, I lost traction completely, and flailing as much as I could without dropping the charges, I slid across the damp floor as quick as a pat of butter on a hot pan. Dimly aware that I would break all my toes if I didn't clear the bulkhead, I leapt at the last moment and fell gracelessly into the torpedo room as the hatch slammed shut behind me. Five minutes later, as I finished loading the demolition charges into the tube, I heard a loud banging on the hatch, and could just make out the skippers voice. "Don't be a damned fool," he surely roared, his voice a faint and tinny buzz through the thick metal separating us. "What do you think you're doing?" I spun the locking mechanism and let the hatch fly open. The skipper and all five of the crew fell down into the torpedo room with me, crashing in a tangle of beards and spit. Straining with my meager engineer's muscles, I shoved the hatch closed and spun the lock again. "Skipper, hold up. I have an idea," I said, trying my best to sound reassuring. A can of 5200 in either hand, I quickly sealed shut the hatch and the torpedo tube while the crew engaged in a vigorous bout of mutual extrication. The skipper glared up at me balefully, clawing his way out of the scrum of personnel. I explained. "If the demolition charges can break the rocks we're stuck in and shove us toward the surface, our natural density should keep us rising toward the surface! We'll be safe!" "Literally nothing you said makes any goddamn sense!" bellowed the skipper, reaching for me. I kicked the torpedo tube activation button, and the demo charges went off as one. The impulse shoved us all back down into a corner together, and the shock wave ruptured the oxygen tubes on the other side of the torpedo loading door, overpressurizing the room with nearly pure oxygen. Contrary to any sane expectation, nothing caught fire, and the vast majority of the sub rose gradually yet inexorably toward the surface. "See, skipper! It worked," I crowed with relief and glee. The crew took turns expressing their gratitude by punching me in the face, but we had to spend so much time in a decompression chamber that the bruises were mostly gone when we were released a week later. 