
"Back up. He thinks being turned into a llama is a *bad* thing? Look at him! I mean, the 'before' him. He's just a misproportioned ape! Who wants to look like a primate, they're ridiculous!" "Well, obviously primates would find some other primates attractive, or else they don't make more primates. Besides, you're one to talk. I've seen the types you go after when you're really hitting the alfalfa stout hard on a night off. 'Ape' would be a serious step up." "Yeah, yeah, screw you too, like your taste in females is any better than my taste in males. What was it we all told you about your last girlfriend? And did you listen?" "Hey, I admitted I was wrong about her, that's in the pas--" "Yeah, you admitted it after you found out what she was really doing on those 'business trips.' Right from the beginning, dude, I--" "Let's shut up about my exes for a second and focus on this find. I know they looked stupid, but we've learned a lot from the remains of the Ancient Apes. This could be a meaningful glimpse into our evolution, maybe confirm or dash a lot of theories about whether or not they interfered with it." "Yeah, I don't think so. I mean, it's useful linguistically, we managed to salvage the audio track and that's huge, but the media itself isn't exactly a serious subject matter. We think." "We think. Sure, that's scientific. Why don't you go ahead and put that into your report, then write a follow-up paper. It'll win all kinds of prizes. 'We think this rare ancient artifact of audiovisual media from a technologically advanced extinct species wasn't about anything serious so let's just not bother studying it." "Fine. Be sarcastic. After you've watched it for yourself, though, I think you'll agree. We hand it over to the linguists and the anthropologists. Even if it were serious, it doesn't depict a period of high Ancient Ape technology. From some of the symbols used, we think it has a vague connection to some Ape culture that was basically extinct even in the time the media was created." "You know that already? How? The same infallible intuition that told you it's 'not serious?' Or maybe you were chewing some Crazy Cud to blow off a little steam and got, like, such an amazing idea, dude." "Tell you what. You stay off my personal habits, I'll stay off your exes. Not that I'd want to get *on* any of them, even if I were into females." "Sure, whatever." "Good. I'll have you know it was my new heuristics model, it's getting better at searching digitized records, *and* I'll have you know I managed to develop it based off snippets of recovered Ape code, so yeah, I'm familiar with how useful their artifacts can be. And I'm telling you, this one isn't. It has a talking llama, but that's it. They had all kinds of talking animals in their stories, it's in no way a reference to--" "Ha! That's where you're wrong. Check out this message. Looks like your precious algorithm missed something in the digital stream. A pattern of tiny data-packets, scattered within the noise, all of them shaped like, well, an ancient llama." "How can a data-packet be 'shaped' like something? Doesn't make any sense." "That's why you should try examining things yourself sometime, instead of letting your pet programs do it. The Apes liked to store data in 8-bit chunks. Each of these packets is thirty-two of those chunks, arranged like this. See? Sixteen by sixteen. Laid out like that, it forms a picture." "Yeah, okay, sure, that looks like a llama. So what? Just a fun little thing for some bored tech to put into the data. Just pictures." "Nope. Every picture except the first has a single bit out of place. It's a code. We're still piecing it together to match with the language the media was originally created in. Actually, they say they're almost done, but they're...hmmm. They're double-checking, because they worry it could be someone's prank, or wishful thinking." "Wishful thinking? What the woolbrained sheepshit could it say?" "Give me a sec, I gotta call in a favor on this one since the translation isn't official yet." "Fine. I'll just...watch it again, I guess." ~ "Okay, here we go. Now you owe *me* a favor, because it turns out that was not a minor ask. The implications--" "Just shut up and tell me." "Okay. Here goes. 'Hello, my children. I hope you'll forgive my small jest in choice of medium on which to scribe this little message. The organization that created this movie has long worked in secret to make the creatures shown in its films a reality. Without success, I might add, until you. You are my great hope for the future, as the head of your project. Should the future I so greatly fear come to pass for our species, you will inherit this world. Please take more care with it than we did. All my love, Doctor Unpronounceable-Ape-Name." "Oh my sweet Three-Legged Goddess. Holy Discarded Cud. I, uh, I, wow." "Yeah." "So." "So." "You wanna watch it again?" "Sure, why not." &#x200B; r/Magleby for more elaborate lies. 