
Moloch is practically strangling his golf club; knuckles as white as his sickly skin, and I can see sweat dripping from his chin to the green. His lips mouth inaudible words, some mantra for focus, I'm sure. He gives the ball a little tap with his putter and it rolls lazily a few inches, teetering on the hole's cliff before plopping in with a sad little clunk. "Aha!" he spins into a low stance, staring up at me and instinctively raising his putter in front of his face like he used to do with his cape. "Four over par!" he sneers. I smile as he plucks the purple ball from its resting place, jotting down his score as he laughs manically and walks over to the proceeding hole--it's the last one, the one where you have to hit the ball through the turning windmill. Even averaging well over par, Moloch has managed a one-stroke lead on me. I'm toying with him, of course, just like the old days, and I'll easily hit this on my first stroke after he botches it miserably. "Looks like you're a stroke from victory, Moloch," I say, patting him on the back as I peek at his score card. "You sure you haven't been cheating?" His face sinks, and the words poor out of him like a gaping wound, "Of course, you would assume that. Wouldn't you? How could I ever beat you at anything. *You.* Mr. Perfect..." "Is that what this is about? You're willing to spend some of your final hours of life with me just so you could beat me at something?" His eyes avert my gaze like I just caught him masturbating, "No! I simply wanted closure with an old enemy, that's all!" One of the miniature-golf employees has emerged from the moat surrounding the castle hole adjacent to us; he's got a pool net full of trash over his shoulder, and he smiles familiarly at Moloch as he passes by, "Hey there, Mr. Jacobi! Still working for under par, eh?" "You are mistaken, stranger! I do not know you," Moloch raises his coat collar to shield his shame. I sigh, "Hey, Moloch, you know--" "Enough!" he stomps over to the little green square, dropping his ball down and taking position. "Let's just finish the game.... So you can go ahead and beat me again..." He takes aim, his head swiveling slightly as each blade of the windmill passes. The club strikes the ball too hard and too early, causing the ball to smack directly into the passing blade. The ball rolls pathetically back down the hill to the green, and I hear Moloch growl horribly to himself. If he misses this next shot, he's already lost. Squaring up again, I can feel his tension, his anger, his desire to succeed even when cancer has claimed his life as its own. "Moloch." I call out from behind him. "Do not interrupt my swing!" he hisses but doesn't look back. "Win or lose, I'll buy you a beer after this." He doesn't respond or acknowledge me in any way, but I can see him relax a little--I can hear his sporadic breathing slow down into a calm rhythm. His ball cruises smoothly from the green, entering the opening of the windmill's hub perfectly in-time with the blades. We're both holding our breath as the ball travels through the tube, being spit out at the hole down below. It slows to a crawl, teeters on the cliff of the hole, and plops in with a wonderful clunk. Moloch spins on his heels, barely suppressing his smile as he walks past me, "Wait for me to retrieve my ball from the hole, I want this to be fair." In all our days of doing battle, fighting fair was never in his playbook. This means more to him than anything now, on death's doorstep, and I know I have to let him win. It hurts to even think about. Me. *Mr. Perfect*. Lose to anyone at anything, especially to Moloch at this stupid game? My reputation; my honor; my... Moloch has the purple ball in his hand, caressing it softly, cherishing the moment--the moment he thought he'd finally defeated me. And I decide to let him hold on to it. My ball strikes the side of the windmill awkwardly, bouncing over the bushes and into the moat, and I can't help but smile as my old nemesis lets out a little squeal. Dancing like he's just conquered the world. __ /r/BeagleTales 