
I turn the gun on myself. My finger rests on the trigger guard, and I press the muzzle to my temple as if that would make the act of suicide any easier. My apartment is empty, and I start to wonder who will clean up my mess. They say that your life flashes before your eyes, and in my case, it's more than one. The first memories come from an accidental kill. I see foreign lands, holidays that I could never afford. A loving childhood with smiling grey-haired grandparents who shower me with gifts and affection. I had a dog. A Dalmatian, who would sleep with me at night, using my duvet as his own and my legs as a makeshift den. I loved someone. Her face is distant but I can feel her beauty. The memories transcend more than my love for her. I experience the weight of her love for me. My eyes start to water, and the Glock starts to shake in my tired arm. A mix of my memories shuffles themselves amongst the others. The difference is staggering. My memories seem like grainy noir films compared to the vibrant three-dimensional highlights stolen from others. The black and white image of a cupboard fills my vision. I'm inside, hiding from Steve. My finger slips from the trigger guard to the trigger. I start to squeeze, and then Steve is gone. Colour stops my finger. I'm on a firetruck-red toy tractor. My short legs just out of reach of the pedals and my stubby fingers tear at the steering wheel. I'm giggling, but I don't know why. My tractor speeds around the outside of a thatched house. I round a corner to see a white and red flag flying on a pole that beams to heaven. A man starts to chase me, but he runs slow on purpose. The man calls out 'Run Danny run!' That breaks the spell for me. I hate when the memories have names in them. I'm back in my apartment. No one will stop me. No one even knows where I live. I keep glancing at the front door, half-hoping someone, anyone would burst through. But it's locked. I know what's coming next. I can feel them. The black and white memories are coming. They act like algae. The bad ones start to surface, in small numbers at first, and then they spread until the entire surface is suffocating, and everything underneath is robbed of sunlight. I see the blood, the death and the suffering I have caused. The memories smother me, and that previous euphoric feeling of love is gone, replaced by despair. I push the muzzle into the side of my head until it hurts. The pain works, it starts to separate the algae, but not for long. The bad memories are overwhelming, and they are not all mine. I take the place of an abusive father. I can feel the thick, bite-inducing strength of the leather belt in my hands. I hear the cries, and I absorb the tainted satisfaction of each swing. I know I have two options. Pull the trigger and release these memories, both good and evil into the ether. Or kill another, dilute the water so to speak. Fill the pond with fresh water and wash away the algae for another week. It's a gamble. I have to hope that the water has no hidden bacteria. I jerk my finger. --- /r/WrittenThought 