
"Hey, are you okay?" Maria wiped the tears from her cheeks. She sniffled, looking anywhere but the man standing next to her. She'd gone to the pier to be alone not have random strangers approach her. "I-I'm fine," Maria looked out toward the ocean, watching as the whitecaps broke and wove over each other, and how the seagulls and birds flew through the stormy grey sky. The man leaned against the railing of the pier next to her. "Well, I hope you don't mind me saying, but you look like your dog just died." Maria sniffed again, her lips curling downward as she gripped the leash in her pocket. "I-I did." There was a pause and the man sighed. "Shit, I'm really sorry. I didn't mean-" "No, no, it's okay," Maria said. "This was... this was Max's favorite place to go for our walks. He, um, he was a weird dog, but I loved him. I've had him for so long." A handkerchief appeared on the railing and Maria wiped her tear stained cheeks. "Thank you." "Sounds like a hell of a dog." The man mused. "He was," Maria nodded. "He always protected me, heck, he even slept in my bed. He did *not* like my boyfriends." She smiled. "Sounds like a good boy. Dog's can sense that, you know? If a person is good enough for their person." Maria laughed at that. "Well, he also ate my Italian heels and destroyed two couches, so he had his ups and downs." The man snorted. "Sounds like an ass." "He was a good boy," Maria mused. She cleared her throat and offered the man back his handkerchief. "Thank you." "No problem," the man turned finally and smiled as he took it from her. Maria paused, her eyes roving over the tanned face and black hair, and the mans eyes. "You have his eyes." The man blinked. "I'm sorry?" "He was a husky mix, he had mismatched eyes." The man slowly blinked again before he shrugged, an amused smile on his face. "I've had a lot of people comment on my eyes, but never that I looked like a dog." Maria gasped. "O-Oh, no, I didn't-" The man laughed. "Hey, it's okay." He offered her his hand. "What's your name?" "Maria," she blushed as she shook his hand. "What's yours?" "Maximillion, but Max for short." he winked, then spoke in a lower whisper. "My parents were weird. They named the dog Ted." Maria laughed at that. She flushed when she realized Max had watched her, a warm smile on his face. "Hey, I've heard there's supposed to be a coffee shop near here... do you want to go? I'd love to hear more about your Max." Maria nodded. She gave the ocean one last glance before she pulled out the leash from her pocket. Max covered it with his hand, taking her hand with his. "Come on, let's get out of the rain." Maria nodded. 