
I wake up...nowhere. At first, I am alone, and every direction I look there is nothingness. Then, I look at the sky, and it's there. Then I look down, and there's grass under my feet. Figures start to appear. The noise gives it all away, and an outline appears before their body fully appears, but soon they are everywhere. In front of me, in the distance. So many that I can no longer see the horizon. Their faces are all the faces of strangers to me. I walk around desperately, in circles, looking for one I know. "Hello?" I ask one of them. "What's going on?" Most of them ignore me. They shake their head, and continue on with their conversation. "Shame you were so close but so far," one of them says. "What?" A hand on my shoulder. I turn around. "Mom?" She gives me a hug as my heart drops. "Mom, is this...the afterlife?" She grabs my shoulders, and smiles sadly. "In a way, it is.""What's going on?" "You did such a good job. We were all watching...I knew you would do great." "What are you talking about?" "Your life. In the end, I know you came up short, but...you lived such a good life." "My life?" All I can think about were those final days, alone in my bed, waiting for the end. What kind of life was that? "All I did was try and follow what you taught me. Love the people around me...never give up...don't apologize for being me. Things didn't even work out that well for me. You died, dad died, she left me...I was all alone in the end." "But you stayed you. And that's why I'm so proud." She looks up at the sky, and I follow her line of sight. In the sky, the clouds have formed a number, and then another one...10, 9, 8... I look around. Slowly, the figures are reduced to outlines, and then they vanish. A loud cheer goes up all around me. "Mom? What's going on?" She looks at me, and smiles. "We might not meet in this round, but I'm still rooting for you. You were the one good thing I did last time." "What? What round?" "Other people will try and use you to up their score, but don't let them.""What? What score? I don't know anything you're talking about." She smiles, almost heartbreakingly wide. "And that's why you'll do great again. You don't play the same way we do. And I hope you never do. Good luck, honey. I love you." And with her last words, she vanishes. I am all alone again, on the grassy field. I feel a final moment of comfort, that things are going to be okay. And then everything goes white, and... - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 