
The barman stood behind the bar as one would expect a barman to do. He was mindlessly polishing a glass but his mind was on the Holoscreen, listening to the Local Cluster News. His bar was fairly empty, but it was still early in the afternoon. Across from the bar was a booth and in this booth sat two of the regulars. One was a Gu-map, a 7 foot, purple skinned being with large black eyes. His head was tall and thin. One mouth chatted while the other sipped it's drink. The single arm protruding from the center of it's chest lifting the glass. His name was hard for the barman to pronounce but he knew him as Zip. The second regular was an android called Beta-0101110110102, or Bee for short. He had a skin of soft white bioplastic covering his perfectly spherical body and 4 arms. His anti-grav hover port at the base of the ball torso was switched off as he rested upon the padded seat. The barman rarely listened in on their conversations but something today caught his ear. "Earth!" said Zip in it's heavily accented basic. "Earth?" responded Bee, the light emitting from the top of the ball torso changed from red to white, and then to blue as it spoke. "Earth as in Dirt?" Zip laughed, a deep rumble with occasional high pitched squeaks. "Yes, They named their planet after the ground. Talk about Dirt-ball life-forms." it laughed again. "I've heard of Humans but I did not know that. Rather primitive lot aren't they?" said Bee. "Yeah, they only escaped their own solar system 50 rotations ago. They've been around for only 12 rotations." "And now they've officially joined the Union?" asked Bee. "Yep." "I am astonished. What is this Union coming to? Allowing any old species join." "What next? Are we to give the Bugblatter Beast of Traal a seat at the high council?" Said Zip, they both laughed, Bee elected to not point out his friends obvious logical fallacy. "I mean, they only recently stopped believing in deities and higher powers." "Just in time for them to meet the God like Galactic Union? Wait, wasn't there a travel ban to the Sol System a few rotation decades ago? I'll check." Bee said, before the lights flashed quickly from green to pink. "Yes, It is confirmed. Travel ban to Sol System began in 12,238 EGU to 50 rotations ago." finished Bee. "Have you seen one?" asked Zip. "No." said Bee. "I have. They're weird. Bit shorter than me, two arms, two legs, some covered in patches of short fur, other little bits of long fur. Their skin a vague light brown colour. It kind of matches soil in colour." "Good for camouflage I guess." said Bee. "It would seem so. They are barely out of the Hunting era of their existence." said Zip "They must be rather smart to get into the union so quickly from being hunting primitives." "Smart? yes, but I hear they're can be rather aggressive and tricky too. I'd love to see one up close... Another round?" said Zip, looking into his glass, he pressed the button requesting a refill. The barman had been listening this whole time, he poured a fresh drink for Zip and grabbed a fresh Intox-card. He headed over to the table. He placed the green liquid in front of Zip and gave the Intox-card to Bee. Bee picked it up and plugged it into an access port. "Logic bank access reduced by 3%, Inhibition Inhibitors increased to 12%, Speech Modifier set to Level 3." said Bee in a preprogramed automatic voice. Zip took a large sip of his drink and both mouths smiled. "Yeah, same here buddy." The barman stood looking at the pair as Bee transferred the credits to the bar account. "Umm... I couldn't help overhearing your conversation." said the barman. "Oh? Have you seen one of those humans?" asked Zip, taking another sip before looking up. It was then he noticed the light brown skin, the height slightly shorter than his own, the two arms... the two legs. Both of his mouths dropped open as realisation dawned. Bee's lights went orange. "You're-" stammered Zip. "You're a-" added Bee. "Yes" said the barman with a proud smile, feeling like a celebrity. "By the stars, you're disgusting." said Zip as the second mouth feigned vomiting. Both of the regulars laughed loudly. Zip flicked a metal rectangle towards the barman and turned back to Bee. "So did you see the 0-G Ultra game last night?" 