
It took me long seconds to get a grip of my old, younger body - both physically and mentally, as I stared at the weird figure sneaking away in a narrow path to the side of the street. He fled with my money, but strangely that was the least of my concerns. I didn't even know, or remember, how much I had on me anyway. I bolted after the man, into the alleyway, stumbling on a bunch of garbage bins, even startling the wild neighborhood cats that were dawdling by. A hush of wind padded my thick beard as I ran - a sensation I was all too aware of how much I missed. "Stop! I want to talk to you!" - I shouted as chased after his shadow in the intricated criss-crossing of paths. I was hardly out of breath. If anything I felt comfortable running. After veering into a dead end, I saw the man again with his back to me, facing the stonewall with barbwire on top of it. He was shirtless, hunchback and wrinkled, yet agile. He must have been around his 70s with barely any hair on display on the crown of his head. "What do you mean by save point?" - I asked, still keeping my distance. No use in giving him any opportunities to draw a knife and stab me. His head snapped in my direction revealing his all too worked out expression, mixed with fear. He backed off a few steps, holding what appeared to be a kitchen knife. He gasped for words as he wheezed loudly, still holding his knife with a conspicuous shake to his grip. I stood there, patiently waiting for him to say something. At that point I figured I was more of a threat to him than the other way around and even if I didn't believe that, he sure did. "I don't know anything. I'm sorry! Please, let me go! My granddaughter is starving, I need this money" - He said with breath pauses and gasps. "You just said something about save points before you took my money..." - I was saying before he cut me off. "I don't know anything! Please let me go" - He half cried half spoke. By the looks of it, he wasn't going to say anything useful. The man was too shaky and scared to think straight. At that time I was still coming to my senses. Maybe I misheard him? Maybe I allucinated about it as both my hearing and sight were still coming back to me. I decided to turn around and let the man go. If someone knew what was up, Ashley would. Since she was young, Ashley was obsessed with time travel - to the point she actually devoted her entire life to it, becoming a full fledged theoretical physicist, focused on time travelling. As bad as my sense were still, I didn't feel like I time travelled, it felt like everything came back to an old snapshot of this timeline, but for some reason I retained my memories. 'I have to keep this secret from other people' I said to myself. 'Maybe someone else was in a situation like me?' I wondered. As curious as I was, did I really want to ruin my future - or my past, for all sakes and purposes of the word meanings here. I had everything I wanted, married the girl I loved, had very smart and beautiful kids with her. All my friends stuck to me to the end, my family too. And the answer was yes. I can't live the same life twice, it would be both a waste of time and completely spoiled, even if I loved all of them. At my last moment in bed, I already let then go to face my destiny. Now I'm going on an adventure once again. 