
The first ones went painlessly. Nobody thought anything of it, not until the patterns began. 60 years of age was the threshold. People reached it, and a week later began coughing and spluttering. A week after that, they were gone too. "I'll be off in a sec." Kayley said, brushing a strand of hair from her face as she resumed her fake pleasantries and engaged with the group of men behind me. Even with a universal minimum wage of $16 an hour, working in a pub was still a shit job after a six hour shift. "No rush." I said, fiddling with the case on my phone as the TV showcased the next technological advancement in cancer research and followed up with a pleasant story about a hoodie for dogs. The Grey Death, as they'd labelled the disease when they'd first understood its gravitas, had worked its way through the population in less than a year. It was the fastest acting contagion in centuries, and the world was shellshocked. Those 40 and 50 year olds were too obsessed with their own mortality to start fixing the world economy. Which meant it was down to the kids who'd grown up inside that broken economy to do more than just repair it; to make it work properly. 10 years after the first death, order had practically resumed. 10 years after the first death, I was sitting on a rooftop, alongside the high school crush that actually worked out. We shared a smoothie and threw M&M's at cars below. "Isn't it pretty?" It was. The way the green ivy wove around the cold, lifeless grey building. A nice allegory, I thought, of how we'd done it. "The kids are alright" the billboard said, in a movie re-telling of the disaster. The billboard transitioned to something else, something brighter and flashier. Then, to a pharmaceutical company, advertising their latest anti-depressant. Some things couldn't be fixed. "Want something to eat?" She asked, nestling her head onto my shoulder. "I'm fine." "What's wrong?" "Nothing, just thinking." "Always." Always. Thinking about how we got here, thinking about why it came down to a generation of people who had everything ruined for them by older generations to then fix the world's mistakes. "Ever wonder whether we actually helped?" "What do you mean?" The anti-depressant ad came back around again. "The world's better this way, babe. We practically stopped it from dying." "What happens when we reach 60? Rely on a younger generation that didn't experience what we did?" "They'll learn." I laughed out loud, I couldn't help it. Her head was off my shoulders, her eyes were narrowed and her hands was sweaty. "What was that?" She asked of my reaction. "Sorry, it's just...the idea of expecting a generation to learn not to break the world. It's funny." "Why?" She asked, then giggled sheepishly, forgetting where she was for a moment as the wind picked up and her auburn hair was thrown into a messy clutter around her eyes. She brushed it away, and I was suddenly taken by just how pretty she was. And here she was, having to listen to my idealistic rambling. "Nevermind, it's all too morbid anyway." "No, I'm curious now." She put on her gleaming innocent puppy dog eyes, and I took a deep breath in an attempt to find some way to deliver the pessimist's view on a perfect world. "All I'm saying is, I bet the people who ruined the world, the ones who all passed, I bet someone somewhere told them how the world was going to fall apart, I bet someone told them the dangers of climate change. And I bet those people said "it's fine, they'll learn."" She thought about it for a second. Thought about the insinuation that whatever we did, things would repeat themselves. "The next generation will have better teachers." I accepted it, even felt good about it, because she was right. We weren't prioritising oil companies, we weren't amassing incredible collections of wealth and we were enabling scientific discovery. I kissed her. It was amazing. We were on top of the world we'd built back up. Then my phone buzzed. The notification was brief, but it was enough. "28 year old man responsible for the Grey Death virus arrested in his Los Angeles home" My heart sank. The world we'd built back up was exactly the same. It always would be, wouldn't it? So long as one common denominator remained. Us. 