
The van's front lights lit the trees on either side of the road as it slowed down. The passenger side window inched in front of my face before the van came to a stop, behind the wheel there was a kind looking bearded man that looked very father-like. "Need a ride?" he asked after the window was rolled down. "If I could," I said. He unlocked the door and I climbed into the passenger side. I rubbed my hands together there were freezing, even though I walked briskly, the falling snow had kept them cold. I always chose to tempt my victims at night. A young girl walking around at night, they couldn't resist wanting to pick me up. I surveyed this man. He was just like the others. Probably wanted something in return for the ride. They always did and that was the most opportune time to take their life. We drove in silence for a while and then he asked, "You live around here?" That was the key question. I watched him eye my body as I sat. "No, I am headed a few towns over to Dalston." "Ah, I know it well." He continued to leer, "I was just headed out to my cabin then on to Dalston. If you don't mind stopping for a second, I just need to pick something up." "Sure," I grinned back at him fingering the knife in my jacket. I knew there was no cabin. He was just going to pull off the road, and then, then I could kill him. He turned off the road and my palms started to sweat with the excitement. My mouth was suddenly dry. "Oh, that was quick," "Yeah, sorry its just up here," He grinned taking my excitement as nervousness. I watched as he adjusted himself in his seat. A few minutes down the road he reached over and touched my thigh. His touch sent excitement up my body. It would be soon. I grabbed the knife's hilt as he slowed. "I don't see a cabin," I gave him an innocent look. "Oh, it's just down the road a bit." He continued to rub my leg as he slowed. **Bang.** "Shit," he said. Removing his hand from my thigh as he came to a stop. "Ugh, must be a tire." He leaned over and my heart raced. *Was this it?* I gripped my knife waiting, ready. But his hand didn't stop and instead of touching me he flipped open the glove compartment. He grabbed out a flashlight then opened his door and got out. I watched him circle the car stopping to look at the back-passenger side tire. I slowly opened the door clutching my knife watching for him to make his move. I stepped out and traced the flashlight beam to the tire. It was shredded. "Well," He sighed. "I am going to need to change this." I didn't know what to do, *should I just kill him?* I got my chance as he bent down to examine the tire further. I started to pull out my knife but just then the lights of a car cast shadows through the trees. It was coming up the road toward us headed back to the high way. When the car spotted us, it slowed and stopped. An elderly man with grey hair got out. I shaded my eyes to see if anyone else was in the car. It looked empty. Excitement rose up in me. *Two for one*. If my mouth was dry before, it surely was cracking with the prospect of killing two. "Everything ok?" he said to us. "Yes," said the man that drove the van. "We blew a tire," I said wanting to keep him here. "Well then, let's have a look." The old man walked around the passenger side and stooped down to look at the tire. I looked at the younger man. His eyes shined with anger. I thought I saw something familiar in them I couldn't quite place my finger on it. "Well we are going to need your jack and wrench, you do have one?" "I do, but I- uh your help is not needed. I can change--" "Oh, nonsense, I am more than willing to help. Now go fetch the jack." He looked at the tires some more and brushed away a few rocks and sticks. The younger man returned with the jack and helped him place it under. The old man reached out for the wrench and the young man placed it in his hand. *This was my chance.* I would take out the younger man first. Then the old man. I ripped out my knife and turned to the father-like man. I paused noticing a knife in his hands. He was turned toward me. His eyes had that familiar look. The old man grunted as he strained on the wrench. "Sorry," he said standing. With surprising speed, he whipped around and the wrench bashed the younger man in the head. He crumpled to the ground pulling the knife out of my hand as he fell. I backed away. I staring at the old man's face. Both he and the younger man had the same frenzied look. As the bar flew toward my head recognition dawned on me. I saw the look each time I looked in the mirror. In their eyes burned the need to kill another. **** Hey, thanks for reading! I have other writings at r/Okay_writing 