
Very first thing I have ever actually written. Any feedback is appreciated, Thanks! Klaxons blaring to life jerked Sergeant Xill out of his rest state. The warning message coming across his mental link with the rest of the crew. "Attention! Attention! We have an intruder in cargo bay four. Life-form is unknown but registering to be quite large, possibly a full five units in height. Security, arm yourselves and move to apprehend." Xill is awake and dressed in moments, twelve cycles serving as a security officer and the twenty cycles before that in the federation militia made his reactions in these moments automatic. Collecting the other three members of his squad, he heads toward cargo bay four with haste. He opens the mental link to the commander... "Commander, can you give me an update on the intruder?" "Sergeant Xill, the life form is unresponsive to our mental link attempts. We believe that it does not have any telepathic abilities. That alone assures it is not sentient. The size of it leads us to assume that it is an unknown creature from the last planet we chunkmined. Predator or prey we do not know, be careful." "Confirmed commander. Moving to subdue target." The team reaches the door and Xill issues some quick commands and they burst through the door. The three team members are well trained. They advance in a short distance and crouch down. Xill takes a step into the bay but comes up short the moment he sees the life-form. "It can't be." "Sergeant report. What is in the bay?" There standing in front of the sergeant and his team is a nightmare brought to life. For thousands of cycles these are the creatures they tell their progeny about to scare them at night. The team is motionless for a moment, the life-form raises an appendage and slowly shakes it back and forth before it lets out a horrible sound. "Hello chaps." The team rapidly retreats out of the room with a mental command from Xill and closes the airlock. "This is Sergeant Xill, all units retreat immediately. Commander seal the airlocks for cargo bay four and initiate lock-down protocol. We have a human on the ship. This is not a drill or a joke, there is an honest to god human on the ship." "Sergeant, this is no time for jo-" "This is not a joke! There is a human in cargo bay four, and it was bleeding! Security team cover that door." More hideous sounds come from the sealed cargo bay. "Wait, I just want to thank you for rescuing me. I was abandoned on that planet. Don't run, please." Who knows what those sounds mean, sentient races haven't used auditory communication in so long that we don't even have translators for it anymore. A loud screech draws the sergeant's focus back onto the door as it falls towards the team. The human stretching forward reaching out of the bay, more aggressive sounds emanating from it. "Oh gosh, I am sorry about that. Listen I just want to know if you can drop me off somewhere." The security team opens fire and Xill contacts the commander. "Commander, our anti-personal weapons are having no affect. The radiation beams are being absorbed by the subjects epidermis. Request ship-wide neural transfer. I fear what will happen when it actually catches any of us. Oh no, it is advancing with its claws extended. I am issuing an emergency neural transfer for my team, I recommend you do the same." Holding his hands up in front of him the human advances slowly. "Now now gents, I just want to chat. Please lets be civilized. You lower your weapons and-" The security team all collapse as if the puppet-master snipped their strings, their consciousnesses speeding away to the nearest neural relay to be remapped to a new physical form. The human rushes forward and cradles one of the small beings in its hands. "Are you alright? Hello?" Not knowing what to do, the human continues exploring until it comes to a large open room. Scattered throughout the room are dozens of tiny little bodies. All of them missing that spark of life just like the four that he met originally. "Hello? Anyone?" 