
Wakanda holds many secrets. The first was our very existence. Hidden from the world, our ancestors preferred the shadows, like the panthers who protect us. Recent events have caused our King to step out of the darkness, to make himself and our city known. But we still hold our deepest secrets. The King of Wakanda claims it is the heart shaped herb that gives him his great strength, speed and invulnerability. Many believe him. Many are wrong. I know this because I have never tasted the heart shaped herb, and yet I share our King's supposedly unique gifts. The heart shaped herb is a myth to hide the true source of our King's powers. He is a vampire. There are many of us, here in Africa, birthplace of humanity. Like Wakanda itself, we have hidden in the shadows, content to feed only when we are hungry, eager to watch our prey multiply and fatten. With Wakanda taking its rightful place at the forefront of civilisation, we too were poised to begin a new phase of existence. There is enough to go around, after all. We could all be Kings. But as humanity has grown, so has its technology. We watched in fear as you tamed the atom. We felt chills as you build underground collidors, kilometers long. We intervened where possible. Cited ethical concerns, environmental dangers and tremendous risks. As the years have gone on, we have been glad to stay hidden, and have infiltrated every industry, stifling and suppressing every potential avenue of attack. Or so we thought. Who would have thought it would be simple radio that would hurt us? It wasn't even intentional either. Just dumb, stupid luck. It's a catchy song, I'll give them that. "I bless the rains down in Africa." Every time it played, it worked its magic. If it had been an ordinary song, we may have never noticed. The problem was it was no ordinary song. It was the greatest song ever written, and by all the Gods did humanity know it. They played it none stop, blessing the rain, but cursing us. As the rains fell, our kind burnt. Sun and rain both now our enemies. Only myself and my King remain, so far as I know. Luck has allowed me to survive. Our King has his armour, impervious to blessed rains. But I know another secret. He owns two suits. 