
They told us we wouldn't get Alzheimers. Technically, they were right. The ads plastered on every billboard, livestream, and website promised Ephoebus would preserve our body and brain's critical functions. The generation young enough to take it would have the quick wits of a twenty-something combined with the wisdom of an elder. Who could refuse that? Emily didn't. No matter how much we argued, no matter how many times I brought up the risks, the lack of long-term trials on the drug. That she'd be mortally dependent on it for the rest of her life. She compared me to technophobic conspiracy theorists, or the religious fundamentalists who glorified the prospect of death. Apparently, I was jealous, controlling, afraid of death. That I wanted to be young enough to be chosen. Maybe she was right. Maybe I resented the prospect of being left behind by the whole world, of fading into obscurity and nonexistence. But after a few months of her taking it, it didn't matter anymore. She was hooked for life, and I had to watch myself grow old while my wife stayed as young and flawless as the day we met. My skin wrinkled, my hair started coming out, and my wife stopped looking at me the same way, no matter how many times we professed our eternal love. Divorce was messy, painful, full of scary questions and scarier answers. So we just lived together in apathy, and let our romance decay piece by piece just as my body did. We saw it for the first time on the news, after catching the occasional rumor from conspiracy forums and message boards. Hou Fen, a Taiwanese immigrant and the first person to take Ephoebus, was found by the police in his house two weeks after his hundredth birthday. The bodies of his husband and daughter were in the basement, dissected and hung on meat hooks in his living room. In recordings of police interrogations, he looked mildly bemused and nonchalant about his slaughter, stating that he was simply curious to see what their insides looked like. He was the first Ephoebus user to make international headlines. But not the last. It took teams of neuroscientists and psychologists a few weeks to determine the cause. The drug preserved reasoning, creativity, and memory perfectly. But not emotional range. At a certain point around people's hundredth birthday, their minds snapped, and all empathy, love, and moral compass rotted away in a matter of weeks. Pure sociopaths, cropping up by the millions around the globe. Mass shootings and homicides became a near-daily occurrence on the evening news. Not just from the elderly who lost their humanity, unable to stop taking the drug without dying, but among the young as well, terrified that their aging relatives would butcher them in their sleep. It took less than a month for the president to declare martial law, and mandate immediate registration for every citizen over the age of 98. The sound of shouting and our front door being kicked down stirred me from my sleep. Already awake, Emily helped pull me to my feet and handed me my walking stick. We walked into our living room to the sight of a police officer training a taser on us. "Mrs. Emily Wilson. You are to be detained by order of executive order nine-one-four-five-one, under suspicion of Ephoebus Decay!" "Excuse me, what the fuck?" I stepped in between him and Emily, raising a hand. "What the fuck is going on?" The officer stepped around me, training his weapon on Emily.  "New emergency order. Zero-risk policy. Your wife turns one hundred in a month, which means she's got a few weeks at best before becoming one of them. If she isn't already." "And what next? You put us in a camp?" Emily clenched her teeth. "Fuck you. Constitutional rights. You want to arrest me, charge me, asshole." He pulled the trigger, shooting the fins from his taser into her chest. Emily fell to the ground, twitching. He started kicking her, driving the heel of his boot into her chest again and again. She cried out in pain, whimpering, tears streaming down her cheeks. It only seemed to heighten his rage. "Manipulative fuck. You socios can fake any emotion you want. Isn't that right?" He kept kicking her, ignoring her screams and my shouting. "Stop, stop it! We'll come quietly! Stop!" The tension in my shoulders reached a breaking point. I heard a rushing in my ears, felt my body move almost unconsciously, and a thud of impact on my hand. I blinked. A kitchen knife was in my hand, plunged into the side of his neck. The officer turned to look at me, almost stunned that an old man was capable of such a feat. Then the blood poured from the wound and he dropped to the floor, gurgling. I pulled the taser fins out of Emily, and cradled her as she sobbed into my arms. We sat together on the floor, frozen in shock, unable to process what had just transpired for I don't know how long. As my breathing steadied, and I felt my heart rate slow, I gazed around the room, staring at the body of the dead cop on our living room floor, surrounded by a pool of blood. I pushed myself upright, ignoring the stabs of pain from my back. "Come on, Emily. Get up." I offered my hand, helping her pull herself upright, and inhaled. "I don't know how. I don't know if it's even possible. But we're going to find a cure. Whatever it takes, I'm going to keep you from breaking." I grasped her hands, kissing her on the cheek. "Grab what you can carry." We left the house in our car, driving for the border, fleeing the sound of sirens. 