
It was hard to precisely define my practise. One could look to my patients for the answer, though would probably find the reasons for their visits to be as varied as the lands from which they hailed. Perhaps my titles would give some clue; I have been called the Doctor of the Divine, the Counsul of the Celestials, and Therapist of the Damned, but to name a few. Of course, I was rarely known as Horace Gibbins, though I suppose my honours had an appeal that was a touch more pervasive than my true name. Yet still, you may not understand my role in the world. I enjoyed telling people I dealt in the improbable - after all, I had seen enough to know the impossible was never truly what it seemed - though, I must admit, that may just have been the theatrics rubbing off on me. Simply put, I was a psychiatrist for Gods and Legends, and I was damned good at my job. I didn't start out treating the divine. No, as with any good doctor, my practise was built upon the foundations of medical training and experience, though I suppose I had been fortunate. Learning the difference between a god and a God, for example, was an important distinction I was happy to have discovered as early as I did. As word spread, so did my clientelle, and my list of patients grew, moving from folklore to fable, from premieres to pantheon. Soon, the only thing that outnumbered the list of powers of those that came to me were the problems they listed whilst laying in my chair. As far as I could tell, the need for therapy only worsened as the beings grew more powerful - and given that God made man in his image, it should have been no suprise that he was as equally flawed. I did wonder why they came to me, however. Perhaps being a normal sort, I simply had a perspective they couldn't have otherwise perceived. I did worry, from time to time, that my power was simply that of a placebo, and that some day my luck would expire upon meeting the wrong being. As I sat in my office, I chewed the cap of my pen habitually, the plastic end wrought and frayed. I glanced at the clock on the wall - 14:17 - and then over to the desk besides me, wondering where my next patient was. Today was... Thursday? Did that mean Odin? Or Senor Sinister? I could never really get the hang of Thursdays. I reached over for the clipboard that lay hidden beneath a pile of paperwork, flicking through its posted contents for the list of appointments for the day. I ran my pen through the list; *Anubis, Arrow-Guy, Shu'l B'org, Saint Johann...* My morning schedule had been hectic, for sure. I reached 14:00, and followed the chewed end of my pen as it traced the line to the other side of the sheet, to find... 'G'day mate, sorry I'm a tad late,' came a friendly voice as the door burst open. I sat up, somewhat surprised, confused as to who it was that had passed through the door and had planted himself into the seat before me. It must have been a new patient - 'Rosanne had mentioned something', I recalled. 'Hello, Doctor Gibbins,' I offered, hiding my confusion. 'Alrighty mate; Paul,' he replied warmly, outstretching a hand. Hesistantly, I took it, shaking. 'What brings you here today... *Paul?'* 'Oh, y'know mate, just feelin' a bit blue.' The man wore a forced smile. '*(Okay...)**'* I murmured. 'I tend to ask with most of my patients, in order to reach a little context and understanding; where are you from, and what can you do?' 'Oh, no problem mate. Reckon yous can probably tell where I'm from, but I'm a plumber by trade.' I smiled. 'In my line of work, I've come to learn that I can never truly tell where people are from - please elaborate.' 'On which?' 'Both.' 'No worries,' he said, a little bewildered. 'Well mate, I'm from 'Straya, and I, well, I plumb. Like pipes and stuff. And, well, it's hard yakka, but me Da' did it, and his Da' before him, so I don't mind too much.' My brow furrowed. I'd not heard of the Bush; one of those new fangled religions, I supposed. 'And you're...? A God? A Hero?' His brow furrowed more. 'Well mate, I've been called a legend before, but I don't reckon I'd go that far...' My eyes glanced down towards the sheet on my clipboard once more. There he was, Paul Marsden, the same as all the others. 'How, um... How did you happen upon my practise, Mr Marsden?' I asked tentatively. 'Ah, it's a funny story actually, mate!' Paul shot back, face warming into a dull smile. 'See, I've got this mate down at the pub - this long haired drongo who basically lives there - he said he comes to you, and recommended him.' I couldn't help but wear a look of disbelief. 'And thi-this guy, what did you say his name was?' 'Oh, we call him Thunder. Come to think of it, mate, I couldn't actually tell ya the cunt's name, but he's a right pisshead. Always saying it's the best bar in the world, though I'm surprised he's even been any where else.' I sighed. Thor, it seemed, was back on the drink. Well, I supposed if I could treat Gods and Demons, how hard could an Aussie be? 'Alright, Mr Marsden, why don't you lie down and we get started?' 