
The longest I have ever stayed awake in one run was 179 days. Everything starts to sort of blend together, it gets hard to distinguish one day from the next. Bad moods drag on through the whole week or month. Good ones can last too, it's not *all* bad, but humans weren't really meant to function this way, and as Day 180 approached, I decided I'd had enough. I would seek out the Underground Dreamroad. Oh, the dreams. You don't know how much you've missed them until you've had them back. So very different from waking life, so otherworldly, and always seeming so very, very real. Dangerous, sure. But still our right, as free humans. Better than the pills, I say. More awake, even, ironically. More aware of reality's true underpinnings. The Feds claimed that their Sleep Deferral Medication--they always seemed annoyed with the mocking "Wakey Tablet" nickname--was just a stopgap. A temporary measure while scientists worked frantically if somewhat grudgingly with mystics and ex-cultists to find a "solution" to the Deep Dreaming. Well, I don't think the Deep Dreaming needs a solution. *We* don't think that. It can be dangerous, sure. There have been some deaths, and some others who have become...lost. But we feel the dreams are worth it. What is the price of enlightenment, after all? How much should a determined Seeker risk in their sacred obligation to understand the true nature of this universe and all the ones that sit below and around? And anyway, the Underground Dreamroad provides a safe place to dream, even if the dreams themselves aren't always. People are going to sleep anyway, so they may as well do it with us. Where there are guards, and guidance, and the Somnolent Hounds trotting back and forth between beds, sniffing out peril, chasing away the Gaunt Things that try to press through wherever a mass of journeying minds has sunk down into the Places Below and made the separations thin. I became the leader of the Underground Dreamroad after the previous Wise Dreamer became Lost. A becoming to follow a becoming. I walk the rows of beds, pet the Hounds, pat the sacred new limbs acquired in nighttime quests by the twitching bodies of the sleepers. One of the guards comes hurrying down the steps. "Wise Dreamer," he says, panting. "Someone is knocking on the door. The *front* door." I smile, letting him see every one of my second row of teeth, dripping with holy venoms. "Good. Their information is limited, then." No one knocks on the front door but the cursed paramilitary police, and sometimes salespeople but we don't mind them, they can be invited in, they can be invited to all sorts of things. "If they were operating with good intelligence, they would have come through the Supplicant's Door." "Yes, Wise Dreamer," he says, beginning to catch his breath. He glances at the stairs. "Should we give them a tour of the false home above, then?" "Of course," I say. "They are probably only conducting a routine che--" There is a loud crashing sound from the back entrance, not even the Supplicant's Door but the special way known only to the Lower Circles. There are immediate gunshots and screams. "Damn it," I growl. "We're going to lose a whole ward's worth of Sleepers." That would mean fewer recruits from among the ones who could bear the dreams properly, and less raw material from those who couldn't. I lick my lips and feel the hungry deeper voids of my soul growl. "How deep into sleep is the next ward over?" "Very, Wise Dreamer." The guard's smile is broad, and the delicate tendrils of his neck wave in holy admiration. "Good. Let the Gaunts come through and deal with these self-righteous meddlers. We will lose that ward too, but they will lose their strike team, and we can afford the loss in ways they cannot." More gunshots. Faint cries. "Cultist guards! Take them alive if you can! Leave the next room alone, the Mystic Sergeant says it's not safe." "Fuck," I say, and spread my scythe-tipped wings wide as I stride toward the noises, trailing black blessed mists. Losses we can afford, but prisoners in their hands could be dangerous. I'll have to attend to this myself. &#x200B; Come on by r/Magleby for more elaborate lies. 