
"Yes, yes, Justice Lad. I know. Right. You'll thwart my evil ways. Mmhmm. Crush my villainy. Mmhmm." A vein pulsed in my forehead. If I pinched my nose any harder, it would break. I felt a warm trickle on my ankle. "No Fluffykins! No!" I wheeled around while gesturing in the direction of a nearby tree. Fluffykins' leash flew through the air, dragging her a few feet before it looped itself around the trunk. "GodDAMMIT, Justice Lad!" I said, as I grabbed him by the collar and lifted him into the air. "Fluffykins gets nervous when you badger me. You KNOW that." His mouth shut with an audible click. I stared into his eyes as I lowered my voice to a sinister whisper. "I am a patient man. I know you are new, and clearly you are not the brightest of the latest misbegotten batch." He flinched at this, but I continued. "I have warned you many times. When we are off the clock, you are to treat me, or any villain, as a regular civilian. Those are the rules." My anger rose like a tide. "THIS. IS. A. JOB!", punctuating each word with a shake. I tossed the puny fool away with a sneer. "Now fuck off, you worthless do-gooder." I heard him sniffle as he walked off, shoulders slumped. After a thankfully uneventful evening, the next day arrived without announcement. It was Saturday, my day off. I sipped my coffee and leaned back in my chair. I knew Charlie, Justice Lad's supervisor, worked Saturday. At 10 after 8, (I always like to give people a few minutes to settle in, it's only polite) I waved vaguely at my communicator. It floated in front of my face, just off to the side, flipped itself open, and dialed the number I knew by heart. It rang several times before being picked up. The phone rattled as it was shakily lifted off the receiver. "Long night, Charlie?" "What? Who is this!" "Oh, you know. An old friend." Charlie's voice hardened. "Tele-kenetor! How did you get this number!" "Charlie, Charlie. Let us not dwell on petty minutiae. This isn't a social call, it's strictly business." Charlie's voice softened but retained a wary edge. "Fine. Say what you have to say." "Well, Charlie, as Justice Lad's supervisor, I wish to lodge a complaint." He sighed. "Go on." I explained Justice Lad's endless pestering of me whenever I went, even when I was off the clock. "Now Charlie, we both know JL is, well, not at my level shall we just say. You know the rules we all agreed to. Rein him in, or I am afraid I will need to take certain" I paused. "Steps." There was a long silence on the other end. "Fine. I'll speak to him. "Please see that you do, Charlie. If you lose one more trainee, you'll never get that promotion you've been angling for! Have a great day." I did not hold out much hope. Justice lad (what a stupid name) struck me as just about the worst possible combination of stupid and arrogant. Ah well. I rather liked Charlie, but life is full of disappointments. I steepled my fingers and pondered just how Justice Lad would meet his demise. 