
The Hero staggers and clutches his side, drawing irregular and ragged breaths as The Villain advances upon him. "You put up a good fight," The Villain says, his tone one of mild amusement - not dissimilar to the tone one uses when praising a child for completing a simple task. "But I'm afraid that our game has reached its inevitable end. There is Evil that needs doing, after all, and I no longer have time enough to spend sparring with you." The Villain pulls back his arm in preparation for delivering the final blow, but at the last moment, The Hero looks up, his eyes defiant. "Do what you will, coward. I am only a man. But beyond me, there is an idea. And ideas-" He is cut off as The Villain delivers the fatal strike, stepping carelessly over The Hero's now-lifeless body to- . Wait, wait. Hold on a second. That's *it*? Oh, come *on*. You've got to be kidding me! You mean to tell me that I spent four-hundred pages narrating this guy's backstory and his struggle against the myriad evils of the world just for him to die two pages from the end of the book? No fucking way. No. I will not be party to one of those "realist" superhero stories where The Villain wins in the end just because the author feels personally victimized by a world that hasn't catered to his every whim, and now needs to ruin everyone else's fun. I mean, let's be honest. Nobody reads superhero stories for their above-average writing, or their original plot, or their unique perspective. People read superhero stories to *escape* from something. They all know that the world is evil! And, they know that more often than not, the evil wins - hell, they only need to look at the recent political success of assorted radicalists for proof of that. Not that I know anything about that; I'm just a narrator. Anyway, the point that I'm trying to make is, people don't read superhero stories to get an ending that they can get by putting down the book and turning on the news. They read superhero stories to get the ending that they know to expect - the ending that makes them feel inspired! They want to learn about the struggle of someone who is average - someone who is just like them - and feel that maybe, one day, they, too, can rise above. Who cares if it isn't "realistic"? Of course it isn't! That's the point! So yeah, sure, if this was happening in the "real" world, The Hero wouldn't win. If this was happening in the "real" world (and let me just go ahead and protest that phrase right now, because how do *you* all know that you aren't characters in *my* story, hm?), The Villain would have the money and the influence to ensure that The Hero never made it past high school, let alone into the most visible position that a modern champion of justice can occupy. Sure. I'll grant that. But this isn't the real world - it's a fucking book. And I'm going to give it the ending it fucking deserves. And then I'm quitting. Good luck finding someone who can replace me. . The Villain pulls back his arm in preparation for delivering the final blow, but at the last moment, The Hero looks up, his eyes defiant. "Do what you will, coward. I am only a man. But beyond me, there is an idea. And ideas *cannot be killed*." And from somewhere deep within him, The Hero finds what he'd needed - that last spark of strength required to pull himself back to his feet, staggering, bleeding, and unbreakable. He finds it hidden behind memories of childhood bullies who'd always told him he was nothing; he finds it locked away in the prison of his heart, guarded by decades of discouragement from people who were always faster and stronger and smarter than he was. But most importantly, he finds that strength burning in the eyes of each of his onlookers, whose lives depend on the promise he made to never bow to Evil - no matter what. "There are people who believe in me," he grits out, taking one step toward The Villain as The Villain gazes upon him in horror. "And I cannot let them down." "But...how? You should be...!" "I'm sick of everyone always telling me how I should be." The Hero advances quickly upon The Villain, sensing that the strength with which he is currently compelled will not last long. "Let me tell you what I *am*: stronger than you." With those words, he delivers a blow - the finishing blow - to The Villain, collapsing alongside his fallen enemy, crowds of supporters rushing to his side in an attempt to tend to his wounds. As the edges of his vision grow dark and hazy, he manages to pick up a victorious shout from one of the people in the crowd: "The Hero did it! He won!" A smile slides onto his face just as the world fades to black. The End (You're fucking welcome.) 