
"...And when the oppressors finally face their doom, they will know why is it that I'm called The Grudge!" I hammered the steel podium in front of me with a fist and watched it crumple like a tin can. The wave of stunned silence in the great field was breached by a triumphant uproar. My soldiers cried my name in reverence, their eyes gleaming, their hands raised in right angle in the ritual salute. Thousands upon thousands of rows of men and women, proclaiming their eternal devotion for me. I smiled one of my few chosen smiles saved for just such occasion, and presented them the ritual salute back. They loved this crap. The more they loved it, the more intense their faith became. The faith fuelled their belief in my powers. And so rose the power of The Grudge. When I returned to my chambers it was well nigh past dinner. The ceremony had stretched too long, with me recounting all the evils that the oppressors had wrought, and how they would be paid back in their blood. Then my ministers seized their chance, having their own little versions of chest pumping speeches. They received applause too - and as long as they swore their fealty to me in the end, it would all serve only The Grudge. But Gods, it was exhausting. Dismissing my aides for the day I retreated to my dining hall. It was difficult not to show I was starving in front of my underlings, but decades of cruel training had ingrained these reflexes in my bones. There was already someone sitting at the table, head down, scribbling along in notebooks and humming a cheerful tune - a sharp contrast against the servants who rushed to set the table with a tenuous perfection. He jumped as the echoes of my stride broke his concentration, then smiled. "Hon, you are back! But its so late!" He checked his wrist. "Oh, poor dear, have you eaten anything?! Sit down, sit down!" He rushed to me, taking me by the hands and kissing me to the flustered astonishment of the servants, "Michael!" I hissed, feigning annoyance. But I knew that he knew - this was the first time today that I was truly at ease. I cleared the creases of his coat lapels, enjoying for a moment his embrace before we parted. As I sat down to eat he sat next to me, my ever doting husband. It was silly really, The Grudge herself being pampered by someone, and I kept telling him that. It had no effect on him. "How was your day, darling?" I sighed. There were servants within the earshot. "I would rather hear about you day, Michael." His face lit up. "Oh, I was thinking about what you said the other day, about me gaining some followers too - I think I came up with a great salute!" "Oh?" I smiled. This had ought to be good. "Yeah, let me show you. Tom, would you come here for a second?" The server nodded and rushed to the table, his face ever tense, droplets of sweat lining his temples. If I crushed him the man would ooze sweat like a sponge dipped in water, I thought. "Oh, would you relax?" Michael chimed in and the spell was broken. The server blinked, breathing deeply and freely. "Remember what I taught you a today? Let's try it out, okay?" They raised their hands simultaneously as if greeting each other, then shifted forward and clapped each other palms resoundingly. I stopped chewing my food at that bizarre display. "I call it the High-Five!" Michael declared. It was a nice ritual salute. I could feel Tony's - or whatever the servant's name was - devotion for my husband. Devotion without fear. Interesting. "Isn't it great? You can go now, Tom, thanks!" "Very... original, Michael." He settled down besides me. "You didn't like it?" "I liked it very much. But you seemed to have forgotten something. You can't 'High-Five' a million followers. That would get a bit tedious." He laughed. The kind one does without fear of retribution. It was uncanny. "I know! I am not planning to have a million of people following me anyway. A few will suffice. Let's say - enough so that I may 'High-Five' them all." I stifled my grin. 