
"Hey, Steve, can you get those reports in by Monday?" "GRRRRAWWW," I snarl, spouting a puff of flame. I squeeze my eight-hundred pound scaly body past a few cubicles to my desk. "Thanks, Steve." "Morning, Steve!" Carol calls as I wriggle my scales past her desk. "You coming to the office party next weekend?" "HHHHGGGHRRRRAWWR," I say, shooting her a claws-up. "GRRR RAWWR GHWARR?" She rolls her eyes. "I've got no idea why you've got such an obsession with chocolate coins. Yes, Steve, we'll have them. I like your tie, by the way." My scales flush purple. "GRAWWWRRRR." "Yes, I do think burgundy looks good on you." I take my seat and tap at the keys with my claws - I'm a hunt-and-pecker, since that's really the only way I can accurately hit the keys without destroying them. A couple spreadsheets fill my screen and I let out a groan. I love keeping track of transactions, but it's frustrating to not be able to feel the money moving under my claws. Carol pokes her head into my cubicle - or over the top of it, really. "Hey, Steve - the new intern's coming in today. You wanna show him the ropes?" "GGGRRROAR," I mutter absentmindedly, correcting a missed decimal point. When the kid arrives, he freezes in place. He's about college-aged, and he's dressed in an office shirt that doesn't quite fit. "HOLYFUCKWHATISTHAT-" He shouts, pointing at me. "THAT'S A LIZARD! A DRAGON!" Jack frowns. "What do you mean? Behind Steve?" "NO, I MEAN THAT." He says, pacing right up to me and pointing at my chest. "IT'S A DRAGON." Adrenaline floods my system. I've gone undetected for this long, but this kid could blow it all. "RAWWWWR?" I mutter, exhaling twin plumes of smoke in my nervousness. "It's roaring at us! Look, it's literally just a dragon with a tie on." "HHGGGHRRAR," I say. "How can none of you see this? He's literally taking up three cubicles worth of space!" "Now, there's no need to be rude," Jack says. "Steve's perfectly fit. We go golfing every weekend. Now - I won't have you insulting my employees. You're gone. Get out." The kid frowns. "What? But... But I need this job." "Not more than you need to insult hardworking employees, apparently. Security?" They escort the kid out of the building, despite his protests. Jack exhales. "Sorry about that, Steve. I had no idea the kid was a psycho. He did really well in the interviews." I shrug and let out a roar. "Well, I'll let you get back to those reports. See you at the office party." "GRRRRRRRRRHGHGHHRRRRAWR." --- *For more stories like this, subscribe to /r/OneMillionWords* 