
"Well that's concerning," I can't help but say while looking over the shoulder of my husband. Having just gotten home from the hospital with our firstborn, we decided to check our achievement stats online, expecting the first child award to be at the top. Instead, my husband had "Meet the person who will eventually kill you." "Not exactly what I was expecting to see, I'll be honest. What do we do?" he asked. That sparked a discussion on what we were going to do with our son, Clayton. We considered putting him up for adoption, but that felt like it would be asking for a modern retelling of Oedipus. So we discussed sending him to boarding school, if we should tell him, how we would tell him, and tried to come to terms with the idea that our son would most likely cause the death of the man I love. Every day was a little bit scary. Every dropped sippy cup growing up could mean tripping and splitting open heads, every sickness Clayton got could spread and be the one his daddy never got over. We felt like we were going crazy, being extra careful with every single thing, but we knew we wanted to raise our son like a normal family. An inevitability in the future wouldn't ruin our present, there was no use in fearing it. Surprisingly enough, Clayton and his dad were adorably close. He wanted to be just like his dad and his dad had no reservations, never did. When he was 16, we finally told him that he might be the death of his father, but we both loved him unconditionally and this wouldn't change that, that we didn't want him to be scared because it would be okay. We told Clayton that he had made our lives better and we never regret having him for a moment (except for when he colored all of my walls with sharpie, I kind of wanted him dead then). We weren't running from fate, but we weren't asking for it either. I taught Clayton how to drive because it seemed like a safer bet, Clayton never drove his father anywhere, and never made risky foods. Funnily enough, it happened while Clayton was away at college. My husband collapsed at work and was rushed to the hospital for emergency surgery. I was panicked, but not overly concerned he might die because Clayton had no involvement at all. I was an idiot. The operating doctor, the same general surgeon that helped deliver Clayton as an intern, messed up and killed my husband. We had made so many preparations for no reason and whoever came up with these stupid achievements can take them back and go die in a lonely hole, I wish we never had them. I wasn't ready. 