
It was a day they would never forget. According to the Humans, the date was March 27th of the year 2122 when it happend. It might have been wartime, but it was like any other regular day at the Galactic Alliance headquarter. But it happend during the regular strategy meeting the leaders of the Alliance would. Since the Alliance was lead by 5 main galactic factions representing themselves and their smaller allied factions, you would expect that there were usually 5 representatives. But for the last six human months, the place of the Qeryuns had been filled with a representative of their smaller allied factions since the Qeryuns had decided to wage their own independent campaign against the humans after 5 human years fighting alongside the rest of the alliance. "We should increase patrols in the Guh-Gu system, our listening posts have spotted some increased 'Human' activities near that region." uttered Bertu representing the Xaf faction. Before any other council member could react to this statement, the doors to the meeting room opened and Req, the council member of the Queryuns walked in. The council members looked at the faction leader that had been representing the Queryuns, and saw that he was surprised, he had not expected this to happen. As soon as Req was seated in the chair he had not been seated in for the last six months, the council demanded an immediate explanation as to why he had returned all of a sudden. "During our campaign against the humans, we discovered a lot of new things about the "Humans", what they are, how they operate and how they operate. The assumption that their species, like any other species in the galaxy can be defeated in a single battle, is wrong. The human strategy seems to have evolved and never has stopped evolving over their existence." "But what has this to do with your sudden return Req? your faction holds at least 40% of our total fleet, and a economy that's as much as the rest of our factions combined. So you surely aren't returning from a six month campaign with only observations?" Req stand up and says "Of course not! But the situation has changed too much for us too stay silent to the rest of you. We have discovered that they have their own planet." The meeting room erupts into a flurry of emotions ranging disbelief to anger for not telling them immediately of the existence of such a planet. The representative only manages to control the situation after some time of trying. "Req, your faction claims to have found to home planet of the deadliest, and rarest specie in the universe. This is incredible since information about them is usually vague, incomplete due to their deadly nature. They might even know more about us and the extend of our alliance. We hope you are prepared to share the location of their homeplant so our Alliance can win this war?" "Well, not exactly" said Req "and why is that?" "we are leaving the Alliance" Req said in a serious and very convincing tone. The meeting room went quiet for a long time until someone asked "what? why?" "We tried to invade their planet two human weeks ago, and failed at every step. The humans then made us a offer." "an offer? they made your faction an offer, having never before even talked to any of us? I find that hard to believe and i won't accept it! Tell us what really happend!" Req sighed catching his breath and said "I understand the confusion, but this is not a lie. The humans are smarter in battle then you think. They have developed their battle strategy over the existence, but they have also been able to look further than us in terms of strategy. When we surrendered to them, we signed a treaty." "A treaty? is that why your faction is leaving the Alliance? Is it their way of weakening our Alliance?" "Yes, and they knew more about our us and the Alliance then you knew. They know how important our faction is and decided to use that. But we weren't just required to surrender and leave Alliance, we entered a military partnership." The meeting room was now filled with a aura of disbelief, they knew Req was not one to joke about such matters. "Do-...Does that make you now our ehne-....enemy?" stammered one of the faction leaders. "Yes" said Req in a firm tone "It might not be what we set out for 6 months ago, but they are allowing us to remain independent and see us as equals." Req started to walk away, only to turn around and say "this isn't the goodbye i hoped it would be but this is the situation right now." Req opened the door, when suddenly one of the faction leaders shouted "At least tell us how you lost to them?" Req turned around and told them: "according to the humans we made a mistakes that other humans armies and leaders have made throught out their history." "and that is?" "We invaded a region of their planet they call "Russia" during a cold period they refer to as "winter". 