
An alien had cornered up a Human, pointed the gun and pulled the trigger. "Why won't you die?" Shouted the shocked alien. "Dude, it's a watergun." "Do you guys really die if you touch water?" asked the human. "Why would you try to invade a planet that is over 75% water then?" "Enough of your questions! I have other settings on this device for creatures like you," the alien began looking for a dial on his gun. "Just give me a minute." The human started to panic a bit. He considered the alien might have been bluffing to buy time. He began wondering if he could run to the nearest faucet before the alien grabbed him. He could simply sprinkle some water on him and he'd die. He decided that this was his best option. While the alien was still fidgeting with his gun, the human sprinted out of the corner, around the alien's left side. As he looked back, he noticed the alien calmly look up. He thought he was finally clear, maybe the alien wouldn't even chase after him. But when he looked back again, the alien had something in his hand. It looked like a tiny ball, but it was sparking, as if it was overflowing with some kind of electrical energy. The alien threw it at him and it landed right on his waist. The human dropped to the floor and he noticed he could not move his legs. Panic once again filled him. The alien strolled over, still fiddling with his weapon. The human needed a new idea, time was running out. Suddenly it hit him. Humans are 70% water. He was a living defense against these aliens. He started rubbing his eyes with both hands. He waved his arms up and down. The alien looked up to see what the commotion was. The human saw as the alien's calm demeanor was replaced by a look of absolute horror. The alien saw the human's eyes were watering. He saw that the human was sweating. The human took advantage of the alien's shock and began spitting at him. "What kind of creature are you?!?" the alien screamed. "You bleed water! How do you not die with that much water?" The alien worriedly muttered something into his radio and was suddenly beamed up to his ship. The human sat, watching, as ship after ship, the aliens retreated. As he laughed about what just took place, he noticed he could wiggle his toes. 