
I awoke to the doorbell. "Hrmph," I muttered, and tucked my head beneath my pillow. The doorbell rang again. Slowly, I sat up. Harvey had already gone to work, the smell of coffee lingered in the kitchen. Happy to pretend I was not home, I poured myself a cup of leftover coffee, and went to see the note that Harvey had left beside it, "Have a good day, my love," he wrote, with a small heart at the bottom. Work was long. I pulled together the books for the day, the store did not, in fact, fall apart, despite a few customers that claimed that it did. But the best part of the day, as it always was, was coming home to Harvey. He started work earlier than, so he was always home earlier than I. I came home to him sitting on the couch, watching a sitcom, with our cat Toto, perched on top of him, purring. "Hello good looking," I said to him, as I sat in the comfort of his arms, "How was your day?" That night, I awoke to sounds in the house. I sat up, and woke Harvey. "Hey," I said, "I think someone broke in." Concerned, Harvey got up, and pulled out a bat, a stereotype of a loving husband. After a few minutes he came back with a small shrug. "Must be your wild imagination." I awoke a few hours later, to static. It seemed the whole world was shaking from the aimless sounds. They reverated from the earth beneath, I swear it! And yet, Harvey slept soundly, unbothered. That morning, I began to distrust my vision. I swear from the peripheral of my vision, I saw things flit by, and I would hear noises from behind that had no foundation in being. I must be going crazy, I thought to myself. Oh, I will end up in the loony bin. In the shower, I shaved my legs smooth, and shampooed my hair. I am 32, I thought to myself. I am in great shape! If I lose it now and again, and go a little nuts, it's okay, right? As I lined my eyes, and powdered my face, I admired myself in the mirror. 32, with the face of a 19 year old. Not a line to mar my appeal. And how lucky was I, that Harvey still looked like the 24 year old that I had met many years ago. We aged well, didn't we? You couldn't even tell. "Becca, Becca, can you hear me?" The voice was clear as a bell, but it was omnipresent, I could not pinpoint where it came from. "It has been so long, Becca, I've missed you," The voice was lined with sorrow. "Hello," I called out, "Who is this?" "Your mom, oh, Becca, your heart would break." The world tipped upside down for a moment, before going back to normal. I stumbled downstairs to my coffee. Harvey left his daily note right next to it, "Can't wait to see you tonight, love dove," With a heart, of course. "Sweetheart." The voice was Harvey's. But old somehow. Quieter. Sadder. Static again. Lots of it. I put on earplugs, trying to calm my mind, but it seemed to sink into the narrowest cracks though my skull. I pulled out my phone and dialed Stephanie. She was queen of crazy. She would know what to do. "Stephie," I said, frantic, "I don't know what is going on, I just heard Harvey! He was older though, I swear. I thought I heard you too!" "Are you okay, Bec," Her concerned voice lilted through the phone. As she was speaking to me through the phone, her voice again intruded in the room. "I know it has been so long, this coma has lasted so... long, but I've missed you. The doctors say that," the voice trailed off into nothingness. "Did you hear that," I asked her, sure that the voice was loud enough to be heard. "Hear what?" Suddenly there was beeping. Steady. Unfailing. Louder, and louder. I was in a bed suddenly. It was a hospital. So many people! They all seemed so familiar. But not quite. I spotted Stephanie. She looked far older than the last I had seen her. Frightened, I said, "What's going on? Where's Harvey," Harvey came to my side. Someone was with him. She was tall, thin. Why was her hand in his? The doctor cleared the room, "She has just woken up, she must be in a state of confusion, clear out for a bit, everyone." Once alone, I asked the doctor, "I've been married to Harvey for ten years. Why is that woman holding his hand?" The doctor looked confused. "Your information says that you are single. Someone mentioned you were in a relationship before the accident. It has been eleven years dear." Eleven years. 