
There were only three things to my advantage; my captor was clearly an idiot, I'd loosened one of the handcuff links with a Biro pen and this morning I had spent three hours browsing /r/iamverybadass, /r/thathappened and /r/iamverysmart. I overheard these two thugs outside and it wasn't looking good. I'm pretty sure my husband hired them to assassinate me and we were heading to some barren location to make it tidier. Two armed kidnappers, and I was at the back of a massive cargo lorry handcuffed. I wish I had a more sensible tactic but things were looking so hopeless that absurdity looked like my only chance. "You know what happens when you kidnap a genius with top tier combat training?" I asked groggily, "you get hurt, *Carl*." At the sound of his name, my captor's head shot up, locking eyes with mine. He stopped peeling the apple in his hands with a knife. "How do you know my name?" he demanded. "Are you daft?" I said, "I told you I'm a *genius*. Your shoes gave it away. In a psychological study I conducted of how names correlate with personalities, Carls were more likely to buy that particular uncommon brand." "Really?" he asked. No, not really, I overheard the female thug call his name outside the lorry and I only know those shoes are rare because I bought them last week from a vintage store. Not that I let it show, of course. I just held his gaze and smiled condescendingly. He seemed dumb enough that my plan might just work. "You seem like a smart boy," I said, "it would be such a shame to let you die so young, a waste of potential." As a high school drama teacher, I channelled my best impression of an established badass villain lady. I even crossed my legs, deepened my voice and straightened my back. Earlier, I followed this tutorial for a winter vampire look on /r/makeupaddiction, which probably helped too. "Shut up." "No, you shut up," I spat, "I'm going to tell you *exactly* what will happen in the next few seconds. I'm going to break out of these handcuffs and you're going to let me out of this lorry before I dice you and your partner like tomatoes." He paused, expression shifting from anger to genuine horror and then finally amusement as he shook his head disbelievingly. Carl laughed and threw the knife at me. It landed harmlessly on my lap. "Be my guest." he stuffed his face with apple slices, spittle flying out as he talked, but looking a little regretful about throwing the knife. I saw what might have been a little shred of fear that I was legitimate. Without really thinking about it, I broke the chain with the pen and stood abruptly, handcuffs separated. Despite the blade I was now brandishing, I knew too well that I had no chance against this man, his giant stature and the glock in his holster. "Carl," I said, "the Guinness world record for knife throwing, check who that's under. I can do more damage with this knife than you could with a machine gun." I was honestly worried the heartbeat thumping in my ears was so loud he'd see past the facade but I just about held my ground. "Prove it," he said. Oh shit. "And waste my weapon? My *Cambridge* education wouldn't allow such stupidity but I assure you, I could hit that fly on the far door blindfolded." I don't know what possessed me to lie with such idiocy. I cursed the arrogant bullshitting part of my personality that probably just got me killed. When he rolled his eyes and shifted to aim the glock, I knew I was fucked. Everything moved in slow motion and I found myself chucking the pen in the direction of his eyes. I thought bizarrely how maybe, just once, what if something on /r/thathappened actually happened? Of course that was bullshit and the pen completely missed his face. I contemplated throwing the knife too but decided to just accept my oncoming mortality with dignity. He brought his fist up and knocked hard against the side of the lorry, somehow signalling the driver to stop. "My girlfriend's pregnant. She's behind the wheel of this lorry," he said, "and I wanna raise the kid better than my dad did me." Confused, I followed his line of sight to the far door where a gleaming black biro pen had skewered a fly onto the metal. "I can see now that getting involved with someone of your calibre will endanger my family," he said, "please just go." Carl stood, trembling slightly as he unlocked the door and stepped aside. I jutted my chin up and strode forwards confidently, making sure to scoff theatrically as I passed him. As soon as I was out, I bolted half crying and half aware that one of my shoes had fallen off. The degree I regretted and Reddit just saved my life. 