
Eons ago, the Sharintar seeded the stars with life. Starting in their little system the Sharintar's hunger for knowledge propelled them off their world, to spread across the systems, first in huge monolithic generation ships carrying billions of Sharintar. Their tiny lifespans ensured that none of these Sharintar even had the hope of ever seeing their destination in their lifespan, yet they persevered just to give the next generation the chance to explore. Still, the Sharintar knew they could improve further. Next came their superluminal colony ships, their engines capable of folding time and space. Risking their lives to make blind jumps into the unknown, possibly straight into uncharted asteroids or stars, these Sharintar placed themselves into certain danger just for their hunger, no, their craving for knowledge. Of course, even superluminal engines were not enough, they were far too large, too costly for the inventive Sharintar. With methods even the most advanced minds among us couldn't even comprehend they began a tremendous undertaking, and began constructing a titanic warp network that linked their rapidly growing empire further. As they grew, they, alone against the cold, dark void of the stars, began seeding the galaxy with life, uplifting promising species across the galaxy. We were one of these experiments, and their greatest success. --- "Hey...Jek? Sure they won't follow us?" I called back, not trusting the so-called 'wisdom' of my shipmate. "'course. The comp was beeping out warnings that this gate was malfunctionin', no one'll dare to even touch this thing!" "Yes, and we're *in* the damn thing now..." "Relax, mate. Half the time these...*malfunctions*," he emphasised, bringing his hands up to make finger quotes, "are just them shuttin' down for maintenance or somethin'." I took a deep breath and sank back into my seat. All these years of service in the Navy had instilled in me a huge reliance on following traffic rules, even though I had gone rogue about a week ago. "...and the other half of the time?" I asked, still doubtful. "We'll be pulverised into ash." He said bluntly, looking at me as if he hadn't just mentioned that we were going to die. "That's just great." "Relax. Them coppers can't arrest piles of ash." "Very reassuring." I said, rolling my eyes. As the lines around the cockpit slowly reverted back into stars, I sat back up, preparing my act of 'innocent, law-abiding freighter pilot' if I were to be hailed. As I hid our weapons away from the viewcam, I heard the first sign of doubt from Jek, with a surprised "Hey, wait a minute..." Turning around, I saw a ship, its markings hardly fitting those of a typical Human vessel. Unlike a Human ship's blocky, pragmatic exterior this ship exuded grace, its polished hull gleaming with pride. Its engine wake was a mesmerising light blue, unlike the coarse, rough fiery orange Human vessels. A short burst of static broke from the comms channel, before an image faded into view. A blueish-green humanoid, its facial features marked with elegance. Its wide, red eyes pierced into mine, and the place where its mouth would be was covered with a small cloth-like material. An extraterrestrial? While there were sketchy reports of extraterrestrial lifeforms reported by Human pilots, they were never proven by government investigations, and some humans have gone on to suggest that there was a massive government cover-up of their existence, while others insist that they were encouraging such rumours to hide their experiments on superweapons. Whatever the truth was, we were seeing one right in front of us, and it seemed unhappy. *Very* unhappy, in fact, that it broke off into an angry-sounding language right in front of us. "Uhh...sorry?" was all Jek could make out. The alien's eyes grew slightly, as if expressing surprise, before pressing a few buttons on its console and turning to look back at us expectantly. I pushed Jek aside, my service to the military making me the de facto communicator with other ships. "This is the *Wildfire*, and I am its vice captain, Karell. Who...what are you?" Staring at us a while longer, the creature's eyes shrunk a little, as if receiving what it wanted. A couple of console presses later, the creature placed a gas mask-like object on where its mouth would be. A robotic, monotone voice intonated, "Greetings. I am Adunars of the Ceysharintar'lin Grand Fleet. Please identify." "Say-sharintar'pin? Uhh, we're, umm, humans?" The creature's eyes widened. "Impossible." ------ Didn't see any other prompt replies so decided to try my hand at this one. Please do provide criticism, else I don't know how to improve :( Also, hope you enjoy this! I hope to continue this ~if I don't procrastinate~ EDIT: If you like to see more of my (future) work that hopefully improves, do check my new subreddit out at /r/TheWriterDiaper! 