
The three aliens smiled and hugged and tossed me an inflatable pool toy. "Thanks, I guess," I said. "It's a flamingo." "Gorp, Bulargheraw!" the smallest alien said. That's Gorp. From what I gather, He (she?) is the equivalent of a moody, alien teenage girl. He's got four tentacles the size of elephant trunks and a brain encapsulated in a spherical done--like something straight out of Futurama. The oldest, largest, and smelliest alien sighed. "Gorp grable--Gardgle blather!" That's Gorp's father--and he probably scolded Gorp for wasting intergalactic credits on *yet another inflatable pool toy.* I have a collection of them now. I think they enjoy watching me blow them up and then throw them across the room in frustration. We don't have a pool. I shouldn't gripe. Honestly, Gorp isn't that bad. He takes pretty good care of me--even dotes on me--like I'm the tiniest, fluffiest Pomeranian in a Pomeranian store. This is complete speculation, but I also believe I'm considered 'spoiled' relative to other abducted humans. I met another human on a walk; this homeless guy from Seattle didn't have a single pool toy. I've got five. So that's something. To be fair--that guy could be a wild human--it's a bit hard to tell these days. Planet ZorpZoop (I'm not making that up, I swear) is fairly hospitable. The aliens don't need much for an environment; their think trunks protect them from most everything. Instead, they terraformed it to vary from a lush Panamanian jungle to a boggy Georgian swamp. They even threw some alligators in there for good measure. I'm terrified of alligators. Also water. I'm glad we don't have a pool. Glorp's mother is another story altogether. From what I gather, their household is completely matriarchal. Anything she says is the word of law. *"Gorp, slee wekanwakan!"* is a common phrase. From what I gather, it's something akin *to "you disappoint me!"* Gorp's trunks get all deflated whenever she says this, and I'll go over and pat his brain-shield and whisper soothing things in his voice receptacle. He has no idea what I'm actually saying, but his trunks sometimes pat me back, which I assume means I did a good thing. Gorp's father feeds me regularly. They've got a matter replicator that I used once to make myself a bowl of Lucky Charms. This horrified them. They don't let me touch the replicator anymore, but every once in a while, Gorp sneaks me a bowl of the sugary treat. Classic Gorp. Instead, twice a day, Gorp's father gets me a pound of sliced ham, a milkshake, and a BLT sandwich. He lathers the whole thing in ranch dressing. Who puts ranch on a BLT? You'd have to be some kind of alien to think that's a good idea. They get me vitamin supplements too. I'm not sure how they managed to figure it out, but they hand me a bottle of Flintstone gummies every month. I hope that somewhere on the alien internet there's a clickbait guidebook on *"10 things you'd never guess about keeping a human. #7 will shock you!"* and that flintstone gummies are number four, or something. Pool toys are probably number three. Alligators are hopefully not on that list. Life is pretty casual. I mostly sit on the couch and watch old western movies. Alien TV has great reception, and every once in a long while I'll tune in to a modern sitcom drama to watch how other humans are portrayed. Most seem to be worse off than I am. Some better, some with pools and other with alligators. But I have Gorp, and Gorp has me, and that's perfectly mediocre. &#x200B; *** More mediocre comedy at r/BLT_WITH_RANCH Edit: Glorp is Gorp's nickname... probably. 