
Bryce Morrison thought he had it all: a loving wife, a charming son, and a satisfying job. Yet there was something that nagged at him - a constant feeling that he wasn't good enough. On The Day of the Mugs, his suspicions appeared to be confirmed. "#598,432 Dad." The jarring bold words remained seared in his memory throughout the day, clouding every action and every word. After work, Bryce returned to an empty house. Marie was out for dinner with friends and Billy had soccer practice. Perhaps a few hours of SportsCenter would help ease his mind. But alas, there came a sudden knock at the door. "Hey there, bud!" Bryce opened the door to discover Tom Gilbert, a fellow father from across the street. He clutched a mug in his hand that read "#49,534 Dad." "I was just wonderin' if you had any interest in a nice homemade hamburger. We've got some leftovers from the cookout." Bryce narrowed his eyes. "Actually, I was thinking of cooking a bit myself. Mind if I drop by?" Tom took a sip of his drink and lifted an eyebrow. "Uhhh...sure. By all means." Bryce ran back to the kitchen and pulled a fresh ground beef patty out of a refrigerator drawer. He bolted across the street, dropped the patty on Tom's grill, and started to cook it. *This'll be the best damn burger ever made,* he thought. *I'll show that smug bastard.* It was, by all accounts, a pretty damn good burger. Tom took a bite and gave him the thumbs up. *** The next morning, Bryce's mug read "#432,726." Not good enough. Bryce asked to take his vacation early, left a note for the family, and began searching for every potential dad in the county. He went to small businesses, office buildings, parks and parking lots, challenging anyone that would listen. He fixed motors, went fly fishing, played 30 rounds of golf and showed impeccable taste in microbreweries. As the week progressed, his rank continued to climb. But at a certain point - roughly 200,000 - it plateaued. For a moment, Bryce was tempted to smash the mug, right then and there. He tried some more Dad Tasks - refurbishing a porch, buying a new polo wardrobe - but nothing worked. The rank plummeted, and soon it was back in the range of 500,000. Bryce drove home, dejected. He'd been texting Marie throughout the week, but she didn't seem to understand the nature of his quest. Then again, how could she? His wife and son embraced him the moment he stepped inside. "Daddy, I missed you!" Billy cried, dropping his Lego truck to the ground. Marie looked understandably irritated but kissed him on the cheek nonetheless. Bryce sighed. "I just couldn't stand it. I never thought I was a good dad, and that mug proved it." Marie chuckled and shook her head. "What's a number got to do with anything?" Billy hugged his father's leg. "I love you no matter what, Daddy!" Bryce smiled and patted him on the head. Over the next few days, the rank on the mug slowly began to climb again, but it sat dormant in a kitchen cabinet. Within a week, Bryce forgot it had ever existed. *I might not be perfect,* he decided. *But I'm good enough.* *** Thanks for reading! If you'd like to see more of my stories, check out /r/GigaWrites. 