
I was laying in my bed about to go to sleep, exhausted from a day of... Well, that's irrelevant. My hand was dangling off the side when I felt a hand grasp it. Bony and sinewy, the fingernails long and jagged, the grip firm. It wasn't firm like a comforting hug. It was the type of firm that won't let go and it pulls you towards it a little more each time you try to break away. More concerning was the fact that I lived alone and the hand was coming from underneath my bed. But I had been raised a gentleman, and part of that involved giving people - or non-people, as it turns out - a firm handshake. First impressions are important and a limp handshake can define that impression. Under-bed creature or not, I didn't want to spoil a first impression. So I gave it a good shake. From below the bed there was a groan of what could only amount to satisfaction or intense gratification and for a moment I wondered if I was holding a hand or... "You're hired," a sinister voice said, its voice something between a hiss and a growl. I shuddered. I shouldn't have shaken that hand. Obviously. Would you shake a hand that shouldn't be there? You reach into your washing machine for that last sock stuck to the top and a hand grabs yours - do you shake it firmly or scream and call the police? Your hand is dangling off the side of your bed - no longer a bunk-bed in the childhood room you used to share with a sibling - and a hand grabs it. Shake, right? I don't suggest it. Not after this. But a deal is a deal. I'm a man of my word, and we had sealed this with a handshake. "Hired for what exactly?" I asked curiously. The hand had let go of mine, a long fingernail gently coursing down the length of my hand, tickling it just a little and sending a chill through my entire being. Now through the moonlight that crept in between the curtains I could see the creature below the bed had pulled itself out and risen to its feet. It dusted itself off. I don't vacuum under the bed very often. It stood about as high as my waist, its hands over-sized and its whole body that same fibrous texture I had felt. It was so lean I could see its veins and muscles rippling under its black skin as it moved. When it turned towards me, those eyes were as black as a moonless night, teeth as sharp as razor-blades. It smiled a most unpleasant smile and I felt a chill run up my spine. "You'll be my little assistant," it said with a grin. It was the opposite of cute or endearing but it wooed me with those words. A deal is a deal, after all. It rubbed its hands together and the sound grated my ears like a fork scraping against a dinner plate. We had shaken on it, I had to remind myself. Not that I would have been able to resist anyways. Something about the creature was alluring, its eyes hypnotizing and its words enchanting. "Doing what?" I insisted. It was obvious I wouldn't be in charge of whatever devious operation this garish creature had in mind. I would be it's underling, a servant destined to become as twisted as the master he serves. It smiled even wider, its mouth stretching further than seemed possible and a second row of teeth glowed in the pale light. Its eyes were colorless orbs, seducing me the longer I stared into them. "Fulfilling curses," it answered simply and then it began to convulse in villainous laughter. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 