
"What's the U-clock at now?" I asked, grabbing another stim drink from the dispenser. "1.9," Perzy replied, rubbing his eyes. "1.9e14?" "Nope, *e20*." I nearly spewed my drink. "Holy shit, is there anything left? What the hell is he *doing* in there?" "It doesn't matter, the run doesn't stop until he dies. I'll query a status summary though if you'd like," he offered. "Please." This VU was the biggest we'd ever used, complete with a 15-gigaparsec horizon, sub-femtometer resolution observability and, most importantly, *full immersion*. When you jacked into this VU you lost *everything*--your name, your personality, your whole history--and became a human zygote, growing and developing and headed for a world so richly detailed that you'd never guess it was a Virtual Universe. There were 37 of us sharing the VU simultaneously, each of us experiencing a few lifetimes, then taking a quick break and diving back in. With most of us inside at the same time, the VU had to manage all our experiences *and* all their interactions, as well as all the simulated humanity that interacted with us. Its workload grew exponentially as the simulated population grew from a few hundred to over 12 billion, with a commensurate increase in the required simulation time. Though the slowdown was of course imperceptible from inside, the VU dropped to about a year per minute at its slowest, with the 21st century CE taking almost an hour to run. Then the VU introduced the Cataclysm to wind things up, so all the liferuns would end and we could restart the VU with new priors--but Qarzo's avatar had survived, and he was still jacked in and simming away. With no other sentients remaining in the VU, the workload had dropped to almost nothing and the sim speed had jumped exponentially. Whenever this happens it usually brings a quick end to the run, with the last survivor popping out after a few seconds of hyper-accelerated solipsism, with apocalyptic tales worthy of several rounds of free drinks. But that hadn't happened this time. Qarzo had now experienced nearly 190 *quintillion* years in the VU. "Okay, here it is," Perzy reported. "Looks like Qarzo was just near enough to the 'clysm point to survive it, and his in-VU persona had the right mix of intellect and survival instinct to marshal the available AI resources and devote them to keeping him alive. "He's currently in a single-passenger life support pod the size of a planet, protected from any and all hazardous radiation, and centered in a void that far exceeds the VU diameter. "So the VU is *empty*?" I gasped. "Yep, except for Qarzo's pod. And he's in some kind of extremely advanced suspension--almost at the level of our *real* cryotech. The only activity in the VU is the occasional nuclear decay, and the nanoconstructor activity to repair any damage caused by it. That's why the sim factor is so high now." "How long can he go like this?" "Qarzo? By this time tomorrow he could be at e40--maybe e50. It's just going to keep running faster and faster as the residual background radiation fades to black, and the VU concentrates all its resource on simming his little pod and its work." I groaned. "Its work? Is the pod doing anything besides keeping his avatar's body viable?" Perzy examined the summary. "Hmm--yes, he's tasked it with trying to find a way to reboot the Universe." "From the *inside*?" "Of course. Remember, he's not aware that he's in a VU. He thinks he's the Last Man Standing--or thought so before he went to sleep--and he wants to wake up with the knowledge of how to change that." "Wow," was all I could think of to say. "I've never seen *that* before in one of these. He'll be drinking free for quite a while off *this* little adventure." A moment later, something happened. "It's done!" Perzy said, obviously surprised. "What happened?" I asked. "Did Qarzo die in suspension?" "It doesn't appear that he died at *all*," Perzy said, still absorbing the output and looking more than a little shaken. Beyond him, I saw Qarzo stir, then stand up and remove his umbilicus. "*Finally*, 'Zo!" I chided. "So, did you learn how to reboot the Cosmos?" Qarzo smiled. "Yes, actually, I did." And the world went white. 