
Look, I know most of you are are in your early to mid twenties. I know that you read these sort of things to get a deep sense of wonder in an otherwise listless pit of existence. You want to sometimes believe these stories are true and hell maybe in some alternate universe they are but this one... I'll spare you the cliche. I've been trapped by the Zodiac Killer or maybe it's his protege I'm not sure entirely, that's just what he calls himself. The year is 2017, Trump is our president, I'm not some angsty teen looking for some cheap kicks or a well-known writer. I've been sentenced to death and I need you, as readers, to believe me. This post has been deleted about 7 times within the last hour because one of the automoderator bots has detected an actual residential address so I'll try to be as clear as I can without putting that in just please... for the love of god before he comes in again and removes another finger. I was cruising the U.S. and decided my next trip was Florida after an unpleasant trip to Carrowinds where two rides broke down on me in the same day, after a few hours of riding my fatboy leasurely along I decide this place will be nice.. it's got some fireworks, ourdoor movies (where have these been?), miniature golf, went fishing, and scuba diving all wrapped into one place. Now unfortunately since I was riding solo with only the neccessities of the road I of course didn't bring my scuba gear and this, dear readers is where I fucked up. I sat and watched people dive in for hours into this beautiful aquarium and was greeted by someone who was a little hesitant to go diving so he joined me on the bench and we chatted for a bit and he turned out to be an alright guy, hell, he even offered me his swim gear minus the mouth piece since he had actually just gotten off of his flight a few hours ago and wasn't up for it yet. I took him up on the offer and dove to my hearts content for maybe 30 minutes, not a long dive but well worth the trouble of putting the suit on. After I took off the gear, there he was, Teddy, he called himself, still sitting at the same bench. We decided to get some beer and watch whatever was on the TV until the bar decided to close down. At that point I hadn't actually figured out where I was going to sleep since sometimes I just unpacked my tent and slept wherever I could find space for it but Teddy wasn't having any of that, he said we could go back to his condo which coincidentally wasn't too far away. He called an Uber for us and said we could get my bike in the morning since both of us were far too drunk, me more than he, to drive safely. Fair enough. He showed me around for a bit, nice ocean view and all that, really one of the nicer places I had ever seen, he must be loaded I thought to myself. We end up shooting some pool and shooting the shit. After a while he asks who I voted for, not that I really care for politics that much I just said I didn't vote. He seemed furious at the notion, he started screaming like a lunatic and seemingly from nowhere his hands produced a metal baseball bat and before I could react he cracked it across my head. And now here I sit, two fingers already missing, making this whole thing very hard to type but please, just send help Reddit. I need you on this one, don't give me that "oh that's an interesting story" or "lol yah right" or whatever the fuck else you reply to these threads with, just send help! First time (or maybe second) writing so be gentle please hah 