
Adolf sat at the corner of the bar, nursing an old fashioned. It was Friday night, and people-watching at the local watering hole had become his new favorite activity. After a five thousand years on the planet he thought he had humanity figured out, but after going down a "Youtube rabbit-hole" and listening to a song about an apple-pineapple hybrid writing device, he realized he was very wrong. Somewhere in the last century, humanity had changed. It was time he got caught up, and what better place to study people than a bar, where inhibitions were at their lowest? So no, he wasn't an alcoholic--he was an *academic*. Tonight, he had his eye on a couple across the room. The woman was young, in her twenties, and astonishingly beautiful. There was something familiar about her, but Adolf couldn't place it. The man, on the other hand, totally unremarkable. What she saw in him, he had no idea. This would be a great opportunity to learn about coupling dynamics in the age of-- The bartender had come by, obscuring his view. He ordered another round. "What's the name on the tab?" "Adolf." "Adolf?" The bartender said, quizzically. "No relation," Adolf said curtly. He'd have to change his name again one of these days he knew. At first he was reluctant. He wasn't about to let a single genocidal lunatic ruin his name. It was a good name. It had served him well for centuries. Adolf. He liked the ring it had, and besides, there weren't many other two-syllable names that began with those letters. For as many times as he had changed his name, he always liked to stay close to the original. When he looked back at the couple he realized the woman was staring right at him. They locked eyes. Adolf looked away. People watching is all fun and games until someone takes out a restraining order against you. After a minute he figured it was safe to hazard another look. She was gone. The unremarkable man sat there alone looking confused, and Adolf couldn't help but smile to himself. So things weren't so different now after all. "Hello, there Adolf." He jumped. The woman had walked up around behind him. "Mind if I take a seat?" She asked. Adolf nodded, trying to be as nonchalant about it as possible. He cursed himself for being so obvious. People did *not* like being watched, that was people-watching 101. She took the stool next to him. Adolf felt her gaze but resisted the urge to turn and look. "You've been staring at me all night, but now that I'm here you're Mr. Bashful all of the sudden." "Sorry," Adolf muttered into his drink. "You look like someone I used to know." "Is that so," she said. Adolf nodded, taking a sip. "Well, as luck would have it, you look like someone *I* used to know." Now he met her gaze, his eyes widening as recognition struck like flint to steel. This couldn't really be her, could it? "You changed your name," she said. So it *was* her. Adolf opened his mouth to speak but no words came out. "You're drunk," she said dryly. "No, I'm a *scholar.* There's a difference." It had been thousands of years since the incident, but with the way she got under his skin, it felt like only yesterday. "Of course. So how many times have you switched your name since we were together?" "Too many to count," Adolf replied. "Yet you can't bring yourself to switch it one more time." He shrugged. "*Adolf,*" she spat. "Stubborn as always." "Is that why you're here? To scold me? I guess you haven't changed much either." "It's just disrespectful, that's all. You know, you can always reclaim your original. Its been long enough that no one would ever make the connection." Adolf downed the rest of his drink, slamming the glass back to the table. "What do you want, Eve?" *** &nbsp; Thanks for reading! I collect and post my personal favorite pieces at r/Banana_Scribe 