
She wasn't the only one who refused her words, of course. But most people eventually said them after a few centuries, driven by boredom or heartache or apathy. Or pain. You could suffer in pain for eternity, but still you would live, unless you said the words. Others insisted you simply came to long for proper rest, or so Elsa had been told. But she never had. She was approaching 750, and she had never grown tired of life. She privately believed that was why the Gods had given her the words she had known since birth: a curse to balance her never-ending hunger for life. Today, she was choking on them. She considered his face, tight with pain as he laboured for breath. Before long, he would be too far gone to hear and understand what she said. He might become one of the countless withered bodies that never left the state facilities dedicated to such cases. Too delirious to remember his words, he would hang in limbo for eternity. James was nearly there already. And she owed him the words, even though he had never demanded them. She owed him everything. The window was open, and Elsa stepped closer to take a breath of the crisp night air, smiling at the twin moons that winked at her from the sky. It was a lovely planet, newly opened for habitation. They had meant to spent at least a century here, but life happens. Death happens. Any minute now, a nurse would come for the nightly check-up. They would be done before then. "I love you," she told James, her 30th partner. Her last and most vibrant of partners, wasted almost beyond recognition now. The bones of his once full cheeks were jutting out. She smiled to see his eyes flutter open, to catch one more glimpse of those luminous blue eyes. The rest of him had faded, but never those eyes. He grasped her hands, a surprisingly strong grip. She laboured for breath herself now, as he groped for his words. Her heart leapt as she saw him smile, that same teasing smile he had given her so many times during the past two centuries. Whenever he hugged her and kissed her neck, or presented her with flowers after she had done some small thing for him. Whenever he wanted to say his own words, but couldn't. "Thank you," he breathed, and silence reigned as a chill wind swept through the room. He was coming, but Elsa wasn't worried. She wasn't alone. --------- Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. 