
"Take us to the party dude!" Eric stared in disbelief. He'd always been a fan of sci-fi, and had doodled many a spacecraft on the back of envelopes. But the thing this alien had floated out of was very different from his idle drawings. Lights? Yes, but this had green neon coming out of the thruster arches. It had a spoiler! A SPOILER! Eric was particularly perplexed by the sound it was making. It seemed somehow familiar, harking back to his dubstep days. Was it Skrillex? He couldn't quite place it. "Wha-, who... Are you an alien?" "Bro we're just here to get FUCCCKKKKED UP! WOOOOOOO!" "Erm, ok but doesn't your physiology preclude the use of drugs fr-" "Chill mutha fuckaaaa we just wanna have some fun but I guess we better keep on rolling, you are not the one to help us". The alien turned and began to drift back inside, leaving a rather nifty aurora borealis on the trail of his 7 luminous kicks. "WAIT!" shouted Eric, "let me call my friend. Frederico always knows where the happening things are... happening." The alien flicked round, his necklace (which appeared to be collapsing space and time into its dark center) bouncing off his torso. "Fredericooooo! What's your name kid?" "I'm Eric, ok it's ringing. What's yours?" "Haaa hey Eric! My name loosely translates to the octo-vag destroyer. My pal is inside, you can call him The loose receiver." "Ey fuck you bitch!" came a voice from inside, "they call me quadra-shlong" "Only yo mamas call you that!!" Replied OVG, cackling with laughter at his wit. "... yeah I'm with a couple of guys who wanna party ... yeah well I just met them but they're, they're not like the guys I usually +1 ... cool man we'll swing by yours and pick you up. By the way have you got any *stuff*? ... Sweet see you soon." Eric looked straight at what he assumed was the aliens eyes, which were slightly hidden behind a ridiculous looking fringe, well quiff maybe a better description. Regardless, it's safe to say that the hair seemed unconcerned about the effects of gravity. "Let's go, Frederico is 10 blocks from here." Onboard the ship the walls were covered in posters, displaying 3D videos of a very limited number of things. Many spaceships, with even more, in both quantity and pointlessness, lights and widgets. There were a few of some creature with hair which defied not just gravity but also relativity itself. But more than anything else, there were pictures of some orifice. Many angles, many colours, all entirely unlike anything Eric had seen in his 12GB hentai collection. There was a rumble, everything seemed to slow down, and the aliens started creating an ear splitting noise. Eric dived under a table "Sorry maaaan we should have warned you Eric, we just hot boxed the ship with Klarval gas. Crazy shit! Driving just ain't fun sober!" 'Whats Kla-" "Alright we're here! Where's Fredericoooo?!" "Fredooooooo!" called the other alien. Frederico opened his door, and wondered over to the ship. "Hey Eric, how's it going guys?" he asked, "You've got to try this LSD its fucking crazy shit! You wouldn't believe the visuals I'm getting!" "Fredoooo! Shovel it in brah!" He gave the aliens a tab each. Eric politely declined, and couldn't help but question whether he had in fact been hanging out at one of Frederico's acid parties earlier. A moment later a hissing sound started to erupt from the Aliens. "Wait ish thish ashidic? Ahhh shit" And promptly the aliens began to dissolve. Eric looked at Frederico, who was grinning like a fool. "Seriously Eric you've got to try this, the visuals are out of this world!" 