
It was valentines day. Superficial love plastered in cards and cheap chocolate and flowers. I'd never bothered with it all before, but the sullen dejected look on Rachel's face last year had been burned oh so clearly into my memory. Well today would be different, today I was going to buy overpriced flowers and perhaps if I was lucky I'd get some lovey-dovey valentines sex. Walking across the winding uneven streets of Lawhitton, I stumbled into the heavingly busy florists. It was filled with middle aged men, all depressed and filled with dread at the one question filling the room. "What sort of arrangement are you after?" the store clerk had said. One by one we filed through, the men pushing in and out of here as quickly as they could. "What sort of arrangement are you after?" The store clerk repeated herself. Like the others I looked blankly on at her until I noticed a bouquet of roses off to the side. They were beautiful, unlike anything I'd noticed in this shop, they were vibrant and exciting in this flowery hell. The store clerk noticed my wandering eyes and perked up. "Those are PS500, they are the most expensive bouquet we have, but they are special, you will be in love forever with those ones." I knew most people would leave the flowers in that circumstance, even my pockets were groaning at the possibility of that much money leaving the bank account. Unfortunately I remembered Rachel's puppy dog eyes and the purchase was made. In the small golden card that came with the roses I noted briefly that it said one of them was fake. I'd never seen instructions with roses before, but then again, I'd never bought them either. The card instructed me to tell my lover that we will be in love until the last rose dies. For PS500 I was glad for the tip and would certainly be using that one later on. Years had passed. Our daughters were perfect, Rose, Ellie and Sam. We had them in our 20's. They grew up so fast. As they got older and into their teens we started noticing our lives were a little odd. Nobody could explain why we lived this life, we didn't look a day over 25. I hadn't noticed at first but as we crept past 30 and into 40, it was starting to become worrisome. The people we told would look at our ID and look back to us, some found stunned disbelief, most would simply glance, take an odd look and go about their day. That's the one thing that you could count on, humanity was very good at ignoring the weird and wonderful. We moved around a lot as time went on and it was clear we could never had an easy life. Having to explain that your daughters were the same age or even older wasn't something the world was ready for. So we hid away. Watching the girls grow up and old was a real pleasure. They were perfect. Rachel and I had been together now close to 100 years. We mourned the death of our daughters. Each of them growing old and amazing. A perfect match, we had grown old but our skin and bones had never withered. It really was true that love could last a lifetime, but we were further than a lifetime had ever been. We had travelled the world and ended up back in the cosy little town of Lawhitton. Where it all began for us. Today was valentines day. I thought it quite apt for my beautiful wife to recieve roses just like she had all those years ago. Just as before the sea of middle aged men coming and going was humorous. I meandered over to the checkout and asked the lady for her best bouquet of flowers. I paid for them and left. Just like the first time I'd given her roses, I told her that our love will last until the last rose had withered away. Day after day the roses withered and with each passing rose our faces began to wrinkle. My hair thinning. We were getting old. Today is our last day. Soon the last petal would fall. I love you Rachel. >If you like my writing feel free to see some of my other stuff at [/r/Mattatouille](https://www.reddit.com/r/Mattatouille/) Edit: thanks for the gold kind person!!!! :) 