
The plan was perfect. It should have made me the greatest president ever. How did it go so wrong? At first, I wasn't too excited when a bunch of science guys came to my office to explain to me their new physics thingy. Nothing but a bunch of money-hungry nerds if you ask me. I felt like I was wasting my time with them when I could have been working on some real issues. That's why I was so surprised when they had something interesting to say. Who knew science could actually be useful? "Wait a second. Are you telling me that there is a parallel universe? With the earth and everything?" "Well, actually, not just one but an infinity Mr President. You see, according to quantum physics..." "There's only one thing I care about: can we go there?" "Theoretically, yes. But the amount of energy required would just be..." I smiled. This bunch of eggheads had just gave me the solution to our most important problem, and they didn't even realize it. "Do they have oil?" They looked at me, puzzled. These guys are really slow on the uptake. "We only managed to observe one of the parallel earth, but yes, they do have oil. There is also a human civilization, and as far as we can tell, they didn't have an industrial revolution yet." "Gentlemen,'"I said "You just found a solution to our energy crisis!" They looked shocked. I bet they had never thought of that! "I will need you to build a ship that can take us to this other earth, and I need it to be done at least one year before the next election. This gives you... six months. Thank you gentlemen, I will be monitoring your progress closely." As they were leaving, I thought I saw one of them crying. Must be the emotion. Personally, I was buzzing. A new planet AND oil? No other Presidents ever did that. The moon landing would look ridiculous next to this. In the next few months, I made sure the project had a nearly unlimited budget. Apparently, the first thing that was needed was a "nuclear fusion reactor" or something. They told me they were making really good progress with that. While they were building it, I was busy telling the world about my ingenious plan. Of course I had to be smart about it. First, I made them afraid. "We have irrefutable evidence that Earth-2 has weapons of mass destruction and is planning on attacking us." Then, I made it look like an humanitarian mission. "I believe the people of Earth-2 will great us as liberators." Of course, no mention of the oil. That would have been bad for my approval ratings. But one day, something terrible happened. "Good news, Mr. President! The nuclear fusion reactor works! We solved the energy crisis! We can call off the invasion!" 