
Every schoolchild learns of The Compact and its history from a young age. They say it dates back to The First People, but the final version was settled by English colonials. As part of The Compact, we were able to physically contain it behind the Wall of Sacred Maples. But while we were able to imprison it, there, in the truly godforsaken wastes of the territory that bears its name...its appetite was another matter. The shadow of Nunavut looms large over every child's upbringing. They learn precisely *why* that region is referred to as The Canadian Shield - what is there, and why we must be protected from it. They learn of the Early Heroes, who battled Nunavut on the ice with nothing more than pieces of wood, and why we honour their sacrifice with our national pastime. And the learn of The Council. A lottery that chooses those appointed to the terrible work of The Council. Being selected in the early days must have been horrible - the locations selected as targets were not in any way hidden or coded. Every member knew exactly which location they were voting on, and what was going to happen to it. Now, of course, technology eases the burden, if only slightly. In much the same way that firing squads had blanks mixed in with live ammo so no one would know whether they fired the killing shot, Councilmembers are now granted the gift of dissociation. Voting on "Event 12" to happen in "Location 57" does something to alleviate the guilt...although the psychological trauma is still considerable, which is above and beyond the collective guilt each of us feel. Many have yielded to madness and chosen to end it rather than keep the secret; there is a reason our money is referred to as loonies. Since the early days, only two groups of people have been permitted to interact with Nunavut. The Council, of course, but even they only do it at a remove - they need to maintain their grasp on reality in order to effectively do their job. Only the lowest of the low, the truly despicable, actually come into its Presence...the rapists and murderers who are condemned to clean up the effluvience of blood and entrails that surrounds it, to wash it away. The Hosers, they're called, although it's a misnomer - most of the job is constructing the mass graves in which to dump the scraps that Nunavut leaves behind. Our children must also learn about The Secret, and the penalty to be paid for not keeping it. In this regard, the tale of The Boy Who Saw is quite illustrative. Accounts differ about how the American youth - Howard - came to actually gaze upon Nunavut. Some say he was kidnapped, taken there by cultists seeking to appease Nunavut with a direct blood sacrifice...as if a single life mattered to an abomination like this, which needed thousands of offerings to sate its appetite. Others say the boy's father heard a rumor of what lay beneath the icy wastes. They claim he wandered the country under the guise of a traveling salesman until he found The Way - but even so, it is never quite clear what could have possessed Winfield Lovecraft to bring his son to The Place of Holding. That the incident would leave scars in the boy's memory is not surprising - nor is the fact that he spent much of his adult life struggling to make sense of what he had seen, to describe it to the world. But ultimately, he was attempting to expose The Secret, and he paid dearly for it. No, we are not allowed to talk about it. But Nunavut has allowed us this one concession. We are allowed to apologize for it, as long as we do not say why. And so we beg forgiveness. We beg it, every opportunity we get, we cry for it. We did not bring Nunavut into this world, but we are the ones who must feed it. For those that die, that it may live; for the red blood that stains our white innocence, symbolized in our flag; for the millions of bodies that we had a hand in creating; for all this, we beg forgiveness. *** /r/ShadowsofClouds *Edit to fix my poor knowledge of Canadian geography and polish and expand a bit.* 