
"All right, on the horse you go." The prince gave his steed a gentle spank and the horse turned its head around to give the witch a glare. The witch was perplexed. "There was no condition that you would take me away young Escar. I appreciate the sentiment, but I want your child, not you." It was the prince's turn to be perplexed. "Witch, you must come with me in order to have my first child." He once more patted the rump of his horse and it whinnied in glee. The witch disagreed. " I offered eternal happiness in exchange for your first born child. It does not matter where either of us are so long as the condition is fulfilled." The witch turned back to head into her tree hut. "Wait," the prince hurriedly called out. "What makes you so sure that my first born would be delivered to you on short notice? How are you to even be aware that I have fathered a son or daughter? What would alert your person of its conceiving? My seed leaving its sack? I will tell you now witch, that alarm will be frequent and disappointing." If one could check to see the witch's brow as she stopped in her tracks, he or she could make out a bead of sweat on the revelation of what a man's nature truly was. He was a prince to be sure, but alas, he was a man as well. She turned around. "You mean to tell me that you are not pure of heart as they describe in the stories?" "I do not know of what stories you have read, but I do know that a child cannot be conceived without a mother." The prince held out his hand with a smile that could charm a demon. The witch lowered her hat and obscured her face. "You can find any wench to have a child with! You are a prince and may pick whatever flower you come across." "But I cannot find one that would offer me eternal happiness for just a child my dear witch," he said with a faded smile. "While I may have my pick, it is only inside the greenhouse and every flower has its thorns. I cannot go beyond the garden and explore. Even now, I step out of my bounds, maybe for the last time." The witch stood in silence, more curious of this prince out of nowhere who came with nought but a wish. After a moment she spoke. "And what does that have to do with me dear prince?" "Why, I thought I may have found my flower, one without thorns. The one that isn't nestled in a bush of political strife. One that offered me everlasting happiness for nought but a child. My dearest and mysterious witch, were you not the one who offered me this happiness?" "I- I did... but not as you have described." "Then pray tell me how would you keep your end of the bargain?" the prince asked. "You are asking for too many details on something so whimsical and magical." replied the witch. "It just works, you'll be happy. Why can you not accept that?" "Because I would live a falsehood. And what is more sad than to live a life I do not want with superficial satisfaction?" The prince knelt down to the witch in plea. He knew what would happen when he goes back. He reserved his thoughts and emotions for those nights when he was alone but before the witch, he could hold them no more. The witch heard a silent sob while the prince faced the earth. She reached out and touched his shoulder. "If you are not feeling right, then perhaps we should head inside and discuss more about the conditions of our contract. Besides, a prince should not have to kneel in front of a witch." She helped him up. " I think I want to add more conditions before we consider you giving me your first born child. Maybe dinner first." 