
"You're putting me on an imaginary perp?" I ask. "This guy's no imaginary killer," the commissioner states. "We've heard many reports that this guy actually exists." Trying to keep the shock off my face, I thumb through the folder. "Looks like they're all accidental deaths." "But that's just the thing - each of these people had someone who wanted them dead. They were all rich, powerful men with access to the best medicine and doctors. And they all die of accidental or natural causes? Mysteriously?" "This guy was eighty," I say, tapping the picture of one of my targets. "He fell off a cliff while rock climbing. What eighty year-old goes rock climbing?" Heh. That one was a bit awkward, I'll admit, but I'm just glad I didn't have to resort to a gun. I shrug, and sip at my stale department-standard coffee. Tastes awful, especially when I've got the five-hundred-dollars-a-cup stuff at home. "Was an eccentric guy. Could've been an adrenaline junkie." "There's one more thing. It's subtle, but at every crime scene, there was a mark painted in special ink - visible only in ultraviolet light. We've kept this quiet to avoid a panic, but it's always the same guy." So they did find my calling card, after all. Mentally, I kick my younger self for being so arrogant. "You're the best this department has. I need you on this case." I can't turn it down without looking suspicious. "Yes, sir," I murmur. --- When I get home, I sweep my house for bugs and collapse onto the couch. What the *fuck* am I going to do? I always knew my old life would catch up to me. I descend into my underground shooting range and sling some lead while I think. It's a concrete chamber buried deep underground, soundproofed to avoid any incidents with curious neighbors. A rack of weapons ascends from a nearby hidden platform as I approach. I pick out a few, and start loading the magazines by hand. This always helps me think. Handguns. Rifles. Doesn't matter what it is, I can play it like a maestro. The handgun kicks in my hands as I fire again and again. The bullet holes are all perfectly clumped around my targets' noses. At the very least, I've got options. I joined this new life for the thrill, and it hasn't let me down yet. I could always run - I've certainly got enough assets under different names to do that. But do I really want to do that? I like my new life, my new house, my new coworkers. I don't get to shoot the interesting guns as much as I'd like, but that's what this range is for. My phone rings. It's the commissioner. "Walters, get down here right away." "What?" I say, before I remember to take out my ear protection. "The assassin. He's struck again. Unloaded fifty bullets through a warehouse window, wiped out- wiped out the target. Looks like someone tipped him off, and he's dropping all subtlety. He left the same mark by the body." That can't be right. I've been in my house all night. "Who was the victim?" "Moss. She was investigating the warehouse down by the docks." A pang of - something unidentifiable - runs through my chest. I genuinely liked her. "I'll be there in ten, sir. Let's get this bastard." "Damn right." I may not be an assassin anymore, but there's someone out there who is - and who's decided to piggyback on my reputation. Time to find the son of a bitch. ---- [Part One](https://redd.it/bq3qf3) [Part Two](https://redd.it/bq46cm) [Part Three](https://redd.it/bqg2qo) [Part Four](https://redd.it/brtj07) [Part Five](https://redd.it/bs5fgv) [Finale](https://redd.it/bs6e9u) --- Want more? Subscribe to /r/OneMillionWords 