
The pledge goals were admittedly impressive. $10 or more and you got an automatic retweet from the "Paul Nicholson Hate" account, plus a snazzy T-shirt. $30 provided a bucket of anything you wanted -- eggs, molasses, rotten tomatoes -- to dump on me as I walked to work. $50 snagged you a spot at the rally on South Street, where home video footage of me would be shown as it was roasted live by comedian Gilbert Gottfried. The first move, of course, was to call Customer Service. I was on hold for about a half hour, watching the funding meter slowly trickle upwards. It was 2:00pm, which seemed like a good time for a whiskey. "Yes, hi. My name's Paul Nicholson, and I'd like to report a violation of the Kickstarter rules of conduct." "Are you serious? You're *the* Paul Nicholson?" "Yes. It looks like someone made --" "Dude, I'm so pumped for the rally next week! I got my T-shirt, hat, everything! And you better watch out -- forecasts are calling for raw fish heads raining from the skies!" He cracked up for a few seconds before the line went dead. I massaged my forehead and watched the numbers climb - $475,000. $476,000. Time for another drink. The campaign took off like wildfire over the course of a week, seemingly uniting all of America over the eventual misery of one man. I was lucky enough to get a Facebook message about it two days ago and I've been stupefied ever since. I'd read enough psychology books to know about Internet shaming -- the strange power granted by anonymity, the irresistible lure of keyboard vigilante justice. But holy shit! What did I do to anyone? I reluctantly took a peek at the comments. "I honestly just want to see if it's legit," said a $5 donor. "This is some serious commitment," said another. "Cheap entertainment...hopefully worth it." I rummaged through my desk drawers, trying to busy myself with something -- anything -- else. Then I found the Post-It note. The username and password for a Kickstarter account. I clenched my fists and typed them into the login menu, then found the website exploding with notifications. OK. Full disclosure. I have a tendency to overdo it on alcohol. I guess two weeks ago there was a particularly intense bout of self-loathing, so I designed a Kickstarter campaign to destroy my own life and forgot about it post-blackout. Here I am, staring at the computer screen with thirty minutes to go. Just over $498,000. God almighty. My intoxicated design prowess seems to be pretty good, but I haven't made a single T-shirt, bought any buckets or called Gilbert Gottfried. Maybe people can wait just that much longer. After all, they clearly paid good money for *something* interesting to happen. Hating Paul Nicholson is trendy now. It's a fucking meme. All the kids are talking about it. Once I actually get this round of rewards out, I could be an entrepreneur. I could make souvenirs, rally memorabilia, a whole damn clothing line! 5 minutes to go. $499,990...and there it is. A cool half million. Getting drunk was the best business decision I've ever made. 