
I was never a brave kid. Always afraid of everything, as if the whole world was going to come and harm me. I spent days huddling underneath a pillowfort in my bedroom, flashlight in hand, trying to keep out the dark. My parents didn't know what to do, but my grandfather, a man who had travelled the world, had an idea. He put my on his knee, and told me that the best way to stop being scared of something, was to become its friend. He told me to be nice and friendly with the darkness. I knew this was a silly thing to do, but scared witless, I tried anyway, sitting in my room wearing my bunny pyjamas, gently talking to the darkness, telling it about my day. To my surprise, when I treated the darkness as a comforting friend, as a someone who would hide me from all the dangers of the world, it didn't seem so bad. In time, I considered, as silly as it was, the darkness to be one of my few friends. The darkness, though on some level, what was hiding in it, scared me, became a comforting velvet blanket covering me. I grew from a nervous and scared child, to an anxious and cautious teenager, into a careful and prudent young woman. Throughout my life, I kept being friendly with the darkness, out of habit, and because a part of me still feared things. I was still the same scared little girl on the inside, worried about everything. But I could deal with it. I was walking back from the library in the evening, back to my dorm room at college. I'd been reading an interesting book about early software development and electric security, and had completely lost track of time. I usually walked home earlier, but I wasn't as afraid as I could be, the darkness was my friend after all. Someone was walking behind me, and my brain, ever on the watch against potential dangers, told me to walk faster. To my immediate horror, he started to walk faster too. I tried to shake him, tried to run, but he rushed me, and grabbed a hold of my arm, and swung me into a dark alleyway. Terrified, I became completely still, like a deer in the headlights. But as he pulled out a knife, he stepped into the shadow of the alley. And as he did, the darkness moved. He dropped his knife but it was too late, the darkness flowed like water onto his body, until he was covered completely. He screamed and tried to run, but the darkness, covering him from head to toe, just became a slight bit darker around him, as he vanished. I was shocked, as the shadows moved towards me. But it was like being submerged in cool refreshing water, yet it was quite easy to breathe in. And in the darkness, there was something soft and fuzzy. It took my hand in its massive darkness, and led me on a path I could not see. I can't tell for how long we walked together. I can't remember saying anything. I don't know where we went, but when we stopped, and the shadows disappeared, we were in my dorm room. I turned and looked around the room, and in one corner, there was a thicker clutch of darkness, one part of the dark which looked infinite. I walked over to it, and reached my hand into the dark, until I found that fuzzy soft feeling again. I gently touched this dark ambient sensation, and thanked it quietly, by whispering into that darkness. Ever since then, I have not feared the darkness. For wherever I walk, it follows me. I am the only friend of the darkness, its shape huge and dark, fuzzy, soft and strange. For my kind words, for my caring, I have a friend now, who will protect me from every horror that I fear in this world. I walk with it on moonless nights, in dark forests and across black oceans. I speak softly to the darkness, which listens to me. It has no voice, but it holds my hand safely in its enormous one, and I know that this is its way of comforting me, the same little girl in a pink bunny pyjamas, who spoke softly into the darkness. [/r/ApocalypseOwl](https://www.reddit.com/r/ApocalypseOwl/) 