
"Sorry I'm late," says the ginger-haired lady as she walks into the shadowed room. "But I had to put my son to bed." Whispers. Exchanged glances between pale faces. *Jesus, her own son?* She takes a seat at the front. They never sit there. It's a respect thing, but Judy doesn't know it. She thinks they all prefer the back support offered by the hard plastic chairs. Unlike them, she doesn't mind slumping deep into the leather armchair. No sign of Big Dave this week. Ratty Ralph had informed her, in rather sweaty confidence at the end of the last meeting, that Dave was going to hit on her soon. Make a play. *Outrageous!* She's a married woman. She'd told Ratty to hit on Dave first, see how he likes it. Not a lot, she guesses, seeing as the big man is missing from today's meeting. Everyone is silent. Waiting for her to get them started, as usual. Is that a new rug, she wonders, propped up against the wall in the corner? Looks quite nice, albeit bulky. They could have at least unrolled it for the meeting! It's squashing someone's brogues, too. Oh well, no time for that now. Still quiet. They are such a shy group. And they never get anything done unless she's there to organise them. She feels like the group's mother. Or a little more distant, perhaps. A god-mother. Always looking after them. And as always, she'll have to get them started today. "So, what's been going on in the neighbourhood?" Her steely eyes lock onto Joe's. He flicks his eyes to the ceiling and scratches his face. But too late. Her prey has been chosen. "Joe, why don't you get us started. I asked you to look at the bad reviews Mama Maria's pizzeria has been getting online. Threats, Maria told me. That is how she felt some of the reviews came across. And that's not acceptable. Not to a pizzeria, and not in my neighbourhood!" Joe gulps as his eyes fall down to meet hers. "I've uh, I've taken care of it." "Taken *care* of it? Did you personally reply to them, as I asked?" "Yeah. So, you know. They already said they would never go back there. Well, I just made a bit more sure they won't. And they sure as heck won't be badmouthing it no more, either." "Oh? Care to explain?" He frowns in thought. "You know when someone has got a tongue?" "I do." She nods. "And then they suddenly don't got a tongue no more." He makes scissors with his fingers and cuts the air. "It's a lot like that. " As odd as she finds the metaphor, she thinks she understands it. The reviewers, having seen the error of their ways, no longer want to upset innocent business owners. "Good. Maria doesn't need that kind of spiteful loose-lipped talk harming her business." Joe perks up. "I even got us a uh, a little slice of Maria's business. I hope you don't think that--" A magnanimous wave of her hand. "I've already eaten. You have that slice for yourself Joe -- you deserve it." "Wow, thanks Ma'am. That's very kind." A few grumbles echo about the room. Profits should be split. Favourites must be snuffed. "Cassandra." Judy's eyes snap onto a thin woman in a pork-pie hat. "The youths causing a problem outside number 23. The broken window. Disorder late into the night. Any progress finding out their names? I'd like us to have a word with them before the police do." "Oh, I found out. Sent them a little present too. Hope they like horse." A few stifled laughs. None from Judy. "A horse? Are you serious?" Silence. Cassandra's cheeks pale. "I uh, I know it's old school, but.." "They need jobs, not gifts! My god. I'm sure they could be good fellows, with a little help. Can't we aid them in finding employment?" Steve No-Nose raises a hand. "I could do with a few kids to help me with my *deliveries*." Judy claps. "Perfect! That'll keep the police away. Make it happen." Cassandra is crestfallen but Steve enthusiastically agrees. "With those fast little bikes they got, they can nip down any old alley." Shortcuts are just fine in Judy's book. "Brilliant. We're making some real progress today. I thought after last week, I was going to have to whack some of you over the head with my umbrella!" A few furtive glances at the new rug. "But this has been leaps and bounds better. Leaps and bounds! We'll change this entire neighbourhood in a matter of weeks. Then, perhaps, onto the next!" A round of applause. Judy smiles. Such lovely people. They just need a little God-motherly love. 