
It was a sunny day *up there*, as it was always. I exploited every sun ray that would fall onto my belly for warmth and I loved it. I received a prayer that day, in form of a vivid image of a letter, written in a 6 year old's handwriting. It was from a girl who was very sick and asked very nicely for God to help her. But, she was dyslexic, so it adressed me, the Dog. She explained how her parents were sad about her sickness and asked for help to make them happy. I abandoned my sun and ran up to my guardian, an angel. The moment he saw my pace he knew I was needed and said with an understanding: "Go help them, boy". I was now dirty, hungry and wandering the streets. My posture said I was abused and desired a new home. I sniffed around a park in which the girl was with her parents, eating snacks. I made a detour to their table and sat next to them, with sad doggy eyes. The girl smiled at me, yelling: "Doggy!" Her parents were wary about my presence, but after giving me a piece of apple I devoured and giving them some more heavenly puppy eyes they decided they would adopt me. It was one of those few times their baby girl was truly happy. I was given a warm bath, a big bowl of wet dog food, a pink leather collar and so much love. I never left the girl's side and was super friendly with others. She bestowed me with my new mortal name: Sugar. The next four years were bliss. I followed my young owner everywhere; to and from school; to the local store whose owners always gave me a treat for being such a good boy; to the local park; to the hospitals for surgery and medications; and on the many vacations. We were inseperable. The girl got very sick and spent her last few weeks in the hospital. All the time I lied outside her room and on her bed, if the nice nurses allowed me. The moment her soul left her body so did mine. I followed her to the gates and helped her speak with Peter. Her anxiety vanished the moment the gates opened and I ran with her to a group of children her age. They all happily talked about me being their good boy, too. Her new life will be good, filled with friends and love she was used to back home. I waited with her at the enterance once more when we awaited her mom and dad. They were so happy to finally be with their baby. Her father pet my head and cooed to me: "Thank you, Sugar, for keeping an eye on her, and hope in our hearts." Edit: Thank you all for the kind words and thank you, kind stranger, for the silver! It means a lot to know my writing is getting better. 