
"Hello. Take a seat." I glance at my file as my client sits down on the black leather couch. Grayson Murphy, is his name, according to my notes. He signed via the web! I was hoping someone would do that- I had a lot of trouble setting that up. I glance at him, and immediately I am slightly confused. "You...are shorter, than I expected, Mr. Murphy. Not that it matters, anyway." I put on my glasses. I often call them my "Smart Spectacles", because it makes me seem more professional than I actually am. "How did you get in, Mr. Murphy? Astral plane? Sixth sense? Third eye? Oh, wait, was it the Bermuda Triangle?" He looks confused. "No, Doctor Tweedleditweedledum. I just walked." I laugh, and he does too. A joking demon, perhaps. Typical. I look over his file. He is coming in for counseling due to anxiety. I can handle that. "So, Mr. Murphy, you are here for...anxiety issues. They stem, it seems, from frequent visions." "Yes, Doctor. I've had these awful dreams. Dreams of rainbow colored snakes, guys in masks, lizard people. Then things started getting weird. I started to think I could somehow...walk through the mirror, or even a little reflective button on someone's shirt. Even when I looked in someone's eyes I felt as if I could travel inside their eyes to a new place." Oh. Oh! Perhaps he wasn't joking around at all! He found my website, so he has obviously had contact with one of my heralds. They plant my name and contact information in the minds of prospective clients, FYI. He's a human! But, he's obviously been changed, modified. He can see into the Mirror Dimension somehow. How weird! I decided to test him. "I have a task for you, my dear Mr. Murphy." "Yes, Doctor Tweedleditweedledum?" He stood up, eager to do the task I wanted of him. "You may think me mad, but I want you to go to the back of the room. Take a running start." I walked over to the wall outside my office, and created a pathway into the Mirror Dimension. Auric, and beautifully reflective. A test. "Run right into this wall." I patted the shimmering wall encouragingly. "What?" "Yes. Run into it. Do it, I promise you'll be fine. You have an old doctor's word." He ponders for a moment, and then decides to do it. He takes the running start, and passes seamlessly through the reflection. I run over to the wall. "Hello there! Can you hear me?" "Ereh fo tuo teg t'nac I mudeldeewtideldeewT rotcoDem pleh!" Oh. Oh dear. "Are you stuck?" He is pounding on the wall, trying to get out. He is screaming. Oh no, can't let other clients see this! "Terribly sorry, chap. At least you're not experiencing visions or anxiety anymore, am I right?" I closed the pathway, and returned to my desk. I had a lozenge. I love lozenges. 