
*Edit: I added a slightly longer and edited version in a reply to my original comment. The wound would've killed anyone else, but not me. I first discovered my immortality when I was thirteen, when I lost my arm in a farm accident, only to awaken the next day to find it reattached. The nurse stared at me in horror, of course she did, it wasn't every day a young man got shot in the chest at point blank range, and didn't even scream. "I can't die, don't worry about it." "I know you're young, but I've seen people younger than you die. Doesn't it hurt?" She was straddling me, her hands soaked in my blood, as she pressed her shirt against my bare chest to staunch the flow of blood. "I'm immortal." The nurse laughed, "There's no such thing honey." "You know, you're going to feel really silly when I don't die and you realise you flashed your boobs to some random guy," I smirked. She blushed furiously, "T-Then don't look! You pervert! I'm trying to help you here. The ambulance will be here soon anyways." My wound was already beginning to heal, and the blood had stopped flowing. She must've noticed a change because she asked how old I was. "I'm 25." "I mean when were you born." "I was born in 1994." "Then I'm older than you." I sighed. Yet another mortal who was going to interrogate me on what events I'd witnessed, and who was only going to be disappointed to learn I hadn't even witnessed the fall of the Berlin Wall. "My father was born before Julius Caesar, but my mother was a human, I've never met him." "Oh." "Are you disappointed?" She looked down, unable to meet my eyes, "It's not that, I- can you tell my daughter some things for me?" I was confused. "I'm dying. My daughter's two, and if you get to live for a long time, maybe you can tell her some things about me." "Sure. If you get dressed," I laughed, "We can go somewhere and discuss what you want to say." She stood up, smiling extending her hand to me. "Touche. I'm Emily." "James." She was the first mortal to look at me like that, with a smile. People were always disappointed to learn I was an immortal born in their lifetimes. People always wanted to hear about the fall of the Roman Empire, The Middle Ages, The French Revolution, the things they'd read about in books. She was the first person to treat me like anyone else. What she didn't know, was it was possible to trade immortality to extend someone else's life. 