
"Hey Jarl!" Craig shot a winning grin and two thumbs up to his butler, Jarl, as he danced down the stairs into the wide entry-chamber of the hundred-year-old Chateau des Orangen. Jarl put a big grin on his face and shot Craig a sloppy salute. "Hey, boss, what's for breakfast today?" "I don't know Jarl, I don't know, how about some blood..." He trailed off, eyeing one of the paintings in the antechamber, "Jarl, is this a new painting? A Monet? Or a Manet?" "No, sir, that painting has been there," Jarl adjusted his bowtie uncomfortably," for a while now sir. It's a Monet, still a Monet." "Still a Monet? What are you talking about, Jarl, why would it have changed?" Craig shot an accusatory glance at Jarl. "I mean, sir, you've just asked about--" Jarl quailed under the look, "never mind. What was it you wanted for breakfast, sir." "Oh, right!" Craig clapped his hands together and danced the rest of the way down the stairs, "I've got the most horrible hangover, Jarl, I can't remember a thing that happened last night. I think it's best to start the day off with a bit of the hair of the dog, if you know what I mean." He winked slyly. "Right, a Bloody Mary then, sir, your usual?" Craig tapped the back of his knuckles on Jarl's uniform twice. "That's right old chap, and how about some of those sausages, maybe some toast and beans." Craig slammed through a pair of doors to the north and marched through into a lounging room overlooking a courtyard. Jarl whispered something to a maid and scurried off behind Craig. "Good lord, Jarl, would you look at those cars!" Craig had plastered his nose against the floor-to-ceiling windows and was staring at two Italian sports cars parked on the gravel. "Do we have guests, Jarl?!" Jarl cleared his throat uneasily, "uh, no, sir, those cars belong to the estate." "What?!" Craig's expression contorted into a horrific childlike excitement as he shouted directly into Jarl's face. "This day just keeps getting better and better! First the Manet--" "Monet, sir." "First the Monet! Now these cars!" He clapped his hands and did a brief tap-dance down the lounging room toward the dining room. Jarl hurried behind him. "Oh, my! Jarl, you have outdone yourself today!" Craig shouted as he punched the double doors leading to the dining room and goose-stepped through them. A table to seat forty sat under a crystal chandelier, the draperies and paintings around the room shimmered and glinted. "Um, yes, sir." Jarl looked around at the dining room, the same as it always looked. The maid came quickly shuffling into the room carrying a red drink on a silver tray. She held it out to Craig shyly. Craig took the drink, then snatched the maid's free hand. Bowing forty-five degrees, he kissed it. "Enchante" he whispered huskily, eyes half lidded toward her. The maid looked uncomfortable, and more than a little bit scared. "Ahem, sir." Jarl said. "Yes. Jarl." Craig hissed, craning his head to glare at Jarl, while still holding the maid's hand. "You've received a message while you slept." Craig's demeanor instantly changed. Forgetting the maid he hopped over to the dining table and leaned back in the head chair, slapping his feet onto the table. "Why didn't you say so Jarl! Put it on, put it on!" Jarl pulled out a remote and, pushing some buttons, revealed a large TV screen hidden behind a wood paneled wall. After a brief burst of static, a film began to play. Batman's face appeared on the screen, twisted into righteous anger. "Joker, we know you have hostages locked up at the Chateau des Orangen. Release them or face the consequences!" Craig slurped the Bloody Mary through a straw. "Jarl, who is this man?" 