
A musty room dimly lit and tucked away in the corner of an abandoned school held the inaugural meeting of "Task Force 13." Men and women alike shifted uncomfortably in their child-size chairs. Andrew Miles paced beside the dusty blackboard and looked out at the dark, hidden features of his attendees. 'What I'm about to tell you all is beyond confidential,' Andrew began. 'It's so far beyond that it swings back around to almost insane, and it's so far beyond that if you were to run on the street and shout what I'm about to tell you, they'd think you've gone mad.' A thin woman in the front row, perhaps a little too thin because even in the dim light Andrew could make out her blade-like collarbone, muttered something about not giving a shit about crazy so long as she got paid. Andrew ignored the comment and pressed on. 'Please, suspend your disbelief until the end,' He said and spun to face the board. On the shelf, next to the saturated erasers, lay broken pieces of chalk. Andrew took one and pressed it to the board. His teeth tingled, and then, as he started to draw, the chalk crumbled. He paused, not quite sure what to do, and then turned back to the expectant crowd. 'There goes that idea. I suppose I should just cut to the chase?' No response. 'You and I- we, are not real. This room is not real.' The woman in the front row resumed muttering, this time with a new mantra: *focus on the money*. Andrew gestured to the woman and said. 'Rightly so. None of you needs to buy the shit I'm selling. What it comes down to is doing a job and getting *paid*.' 'Damn straight,' The woman said. 'Nice of you to speak to the class,' Andrew said in his best impression of Mr Wize. Not that anyone knew he was impersonating his English teacher. In fact, it sounded more like Andrew had developed a lisp. 'I want to give you the context regardless of whether you believe it, or not. And if you don't then, I guess believing in money will have to do.' 'So what's the job?' The woman asked. Andrew held up a finger. 'As I mentioned, none of this is real. It feels real to all of us, but we are actually a figment of a newborns imagination. Our concept of time and space exists in the dream of an infant extra-dimensional being.' 'What?' The room said in a collection of confusion. 'Put simply, don't wake the baby.' 'This is batshit,' The woman said and stood up. 'As I said, I don't really need you to believe me, but I do want you to try,' Andrew said. 'Imagine you exist in a dream. Now, what's the worst thing that can happen if your *entire* existence hinges on that dream.' The room went quiet for a moment, and then a burly man in the back said. 'The dream ends?' 'Precisely!' Andrew said with a little too much glee. 'Now, we can't stop the dream from *ever* ending. But, we can prolong it for as long as possible. What wakes you up faster than anything?' 'A nightmare?' The woman, who had still not returned to her chair, said. 'Wonderful! Simply wonderful!' Andrew said. 'We, and I say "we" in the loosest term because you don't need to concern yourself with who "we" are, have narrowed down the being's idea of a nightmare. It is heavily linked to the calmness of the waters - so to speak.' 'Huh?' 'Where there is peace in communities, countries or even the smallest of islands, it starts to cause anomalies. Things like holes in the world, jagged parts of the land where there shouldn't be a hole. I'm talking, throw something into it, and it'll go missing forever.' 'Allow me to speak for everyone,' The woman said. 'And say that this sound like you're not only selling us shit but the shovel too. Now, that's fine an' all providing you tell us what needs doin' and how much we're getting paid.' Andrew smiled. 'I simply thought it would make it easier if you understood why. Let the idea sit in your mind, mull it over a little. As for your job, that's really quite simple. Rock the boat. Muddy the waters and for all our sake, don't let it go calm.' 'Like what?' 'Incite wars, burn down buildings. Whatever it takes, I want you to spread enough unrest in the world that the dream doesn't end.' --- /r/WrittenThought Boy, this was an interesting one. I know I stuck to, what's essentially the premise of the plot, but I like to try and build the backstory of prompts like these. Let me know what you thought. 