
Gagitha stepped lightly in her rough hide leather heels. Rodent skull fetishes that she had put small bells in jingled with each step. Every eye in the dressing room stared at her in stark horror. *It's okay, just be yourself,* she reminded herself. *You can be anything you want to be.* "She can't be serious? Can she?" A slight, beautiful woman asked sarcastically. "I know, she's hideous." A smattering of laughter like chimes in the wind cut deeper than the sharpest axe. She roughly wiped a tear away from her cheek and felt shame and anger for letting the other women get to her so easily. "Ladies and gentleman. Please welcome your contestants for Miss Fantasy!" The master of ceremonies shouted to the packed amphitheater. Thunderous applause reminded Gagitha of charging into battle, axe held high ready to sever the soft limbs from her enemies. She picked at invisible dust on her dress and smoothed it down over herself. The line of women slowly moved forward as each one stepped onto the stage, gave a wave and a smile then posed for everyone to admire their figure. Gagitha swallowed hard and walked onto stage. The whistles and cheers turned into gasps and muttering. *Head high, one foot in front of the other. Pause. Wave. Smile.* She flashed her tusks and a woman in the front row fainted. The crowd remained silent as the rest of the contestants walked onto stage and took their place in line. Gagitha's cheeks were burning because even surrounded by these gorgeous women she could feel every eye fixed on her. "These are your beautiful contestants! Let's get another round of applause before we move onto the talent phase!" The MC shouted trying to breath life into the stunned crowd. There was a smattering of applause as the women exited the stage to change their outfits. "You're distracting everyone with your disgusting." "Why are you ruining this for me?" "Monster." Her head sunk with each barb. *They were right,* she thought sadly as she changed out of her gown into her battle regalia. Her only talent was fighting, so that's what she was going to do. Women went one by one onto stage, some women sang, others played music, some recited poetry. Each performed their talent beautifully and with each one Gagitha grew less and less confident. The whet stone made a *schlick* sound against the steel head of her axe as she sharpened it out of nervous habit more than necessity. "And now our very first Orc contestant, Gagitha!" The MC announced. There were a few boos and angry silence. She took a deep breath, rolled her shoulders and walked onto the stage, her twin axes gripped in palms slick with sweat. Gagitha stood in the spotlight and began a slow series of practiced slashes and cuts. The axes in her hands were an extension of her body, she spun and twisted, the axes whirring around her in a silvery blur. The judges sat motionless watching her, judging her. She moved faster, spinning and twisting in an elaborate dance of death. A whirlwind of destruction on an imaginary battlefield. And then she turned to the judges and threw one of her axes at the judges table. The old man, white beard hanging low had no time to react as the axe embedded itself in his chest. The crowd erupted in panicked shouts. "I know that's you, Aerinox," Gagitha said grimly, walking toward the edge of the stage. The old man lifted his gaze from the axe handle jutting out of his chest and met her eyes. "How did you know?" He rose from his chair and pulled the axe out as if it was a splinter. He snapped his hand forward throwing the axe back. Gagitha leaned backward and caught the axe as it spun past her. "A demon of vanity? Where else would I look." She threw herself off the stage chopping downward with the twin axes as he began to transform. Flesh sloughed off the old man revealing the scaled reptilian body. The axes bit savagely into the scales eliciting a pained grunt from the demon. He slashed at her with black razor sharp claws taking a chunk out of her shoulder. The crowd fled in every direction trying to escape the melee. They traded devastating blows, scales and green flesh flying. The demon slashed her arm forcing her to drop an axe, the muscles severed leaving her hand useless and limp. A smile spread across the demon's face revealing rows of black jagged teeth. "This is the end for you. You could never defeat me. Or win this contest. You're just as monstrous to them as I am." It barked a laugh and lunged forward releasing a flurry of blows. She parried the attacks as best as she could with one axe but they claws were tearing her apart. Pain and blood bloomed from nearly every part of her body. "I could have won this," she said through clenched teeth. She ducked a swing and slammed the blade of the axe into the demon's stomach. Black blood gushed out covering her hands. She released the axe and grabbed one of the demon's horns and wrapped her other arm around its neck, choking and twisting. It tried to resist, fighting her for each inch as its neck turned. With a final surge the demon's neck snapped with a sickening pop. She released the corpse and knelt beside, her chest heaving with each deep breath she sucked in. The crowd erupted in deafening applause and cheers. "I think we've seen enough," the two remaining judges said walking up to Gagitha. "We have our contest winner!" --- Thanks for reading! Check out /r/Written4Reddit for more stories 