
It was high school all over again. Tenth grade Biology, from the looks of it. Los Angeles District, set on prime property right inside the big city. With the screams and crunching of metal emiciating from the open window, I clearly was one of the luckier ones out there. Even a professional stuntsman wouldn't have braked in time if he materialized in the driver's seat. Standing in front of the chalkboard was what used to be the teacher, a tall guy in his forties. He was on his knees in front of the lab bench, bawling hysterically and slamming his palms against the floor. Most of the students around me were in shock, the majority silent. I heard someone behind me whispering repeatedly "This isn't real, I'm just dreaming." Another had his head down in prayer, begging the gods above to save him from this plight. Some looked drearily at themselves and their possessions. Others paced the room, touching their faces and various objects just to prove they weren't living in a masterful illusion. I moved on, accepting my fate. Yes, several minutes ago I was seated in my cubicle, getting berated by the boss for visiting Reddit (for that sweet karma) on the job. While my code was compiling. How his angry face disappeared into blackness for a heartbeat, then resolved into new detail as I appeared in the classroom. The clarity of 20/20 vision that I hadn't felt since childhood. Those fingers in front of me weren't those stubby, dry ones that made it difficult to play guitar. They were slender, pale, and had blue crackle polish on the nails. Everything hit me at once. The auburn hair running down my shoulders. A closed Moleskine with the name "Serena" written in neat cursive. And the uncomfortable bra that simply felt foreign to me. A twenty-six year old guy in a tenth-grade girl's body. Was this a horrible anime or what? I suppose I wasn't the worst off, with thoughts of a little kid trading places with Grandma coming to mind. For a moment I wondered what would happen to my original self, the slightly overweight software developer in a Vancouver startup. A soft smile reached my lips as I thought of the boss yelling at some random nobody, which disappeared promptly as I realized how he probably would've switched places as well. The Chromebook on the desk was locked, requiring a PIN that I didn't have. A pity that the L.A. district didn't spend their budget on biometrics - but perhaps Serena did. I patted what should've been my cargo pocket and immediately cursed my muscle memory. Her black leggings didn't have pockets, and certainly not on the side. I rifled through her backpack like a customs inspector and pulled out a shiny iPhone X. Yay for rich parents. The device unlocked with a quick gaze, showing a picture of Serena with a couple of friends. She kind of reminded me of Christine, a girl I'd dated briefly back in uni. The slightly freckled face, athletic build, sharp eyes that subtly looked into your mind. We'd broke with no argument, just gradually stepping back as we realized we didn't work out. I hadn't spoken to her in a long time. A faint chill rode up my spine as I checked her messages and Facebook. It felt intrusive, but at the same time I really needed info. Chaos was unfolding both on the streets and the Net, and people acted crazy at times like these. An Amazon receipt showed me her address, a modern condominium ten minutes away. She liked to sketch, often posting new creations on her profile. Her parents seemed quite carefree, but judging from her messages she didn't look like a slacker either. More like someone taking life easy, without a set goal in mind. Hell, I was like that before I got drawn into the programming crowd. The streets were quieter now, with most of the vehicles silent or merely idling. The initial wave of panic was fading as people tried to comprehend what was going on. I watched a girl comfort the guy beside her with a motherly tone; from his behavior he looked like a toddler. I had to figure out what to do soon, and school wasn't exactly the best place for that. I placed all of Serena's belongings into her bag and stepped out into the hall. --- [PART 2](https://old.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8f6b2y/wp_two_minutes_ago_every_individual_worldwide/dy2x2r7/) 