
The alien commander sat up in his basket and barked out an order. Paws were set in motion throughout the spaceship. A screen loomed up over the console, with a man in the middle of it. He wore a suit with an American flag pinned to its lapel, and had a furrowed brow. "This is the President of the United States of America. Greetings. Please show yourself and make your requests known." The alien commander made a series of howls and screeches. His junior rendered them into the Earth language English and sent them through a network especially established for this communication. "You are demanding the establishment of a treatise--". The president hesitated and glanced at something to his left. The live transmission had begun. "To establish some treat--. Some treats? Would you like a treat, boy? Who's a good boy?" The president, momentarily dazed, looked around the room at his advisors and regained his composure. "The conditions that are being demanded here are frankly outrageous. We will consider them, as they stand, as a declaration of war. We will not take this sit... sit... Sit! Heel! Talk! Gooood boy!" Again, the man looked confused about his momentary loss of composure. A glass of water was brought to him. He coughed. "As I was saying, WHO'S A GOOD BOY. YOU ARE. YOU ARE. NO, YOU ARE. YES, YOU. YOU ARE A GOOD BOY. WHAT A GOOD--Jesus!" He tore himself away from the screen. A hurried counsel took place between some of the most powerful people in the world. The Secretary of Defense was chosen as the next representative, an especially sturdy and curt woman. She sat down in front of the screen and broke almost immediately. "Well aren't we a pretty boy! Have you been walkies? Let's go walkies. Do you wanna go walkies. Aren't you a GOOD BOY. WHAT A GOOD BOY, YES YOU ARE! YOU CAN HAVE WHATEVER YOU WA--" The Secretary of the Treasury ran across the room and dump tackled her, and the ministers now found themselves on the floor, discussing the options. The Secretary of Education was the first to suggest a pre-emptive strike. The president and the Secretary of Defense were for capitulating immediately. "You see," they explained, "they are obviously just very, very good boys. Really nice. First prize cutie-pies. Front page of reddit stuff." The alien commander contemplated the scene and attended the inevitable outcome. Within a few hours, the United States, and then the rest of the world, had agreed to become a colony of the invading power. The invasion had been subtle and long in the making, beginning with the introduction of google and video-sharing services, and content-sharing sites like reddit. These were all funded by aliens, as could be seen, in hindsight, by the logo of the latter and the anti-human business models of the former. They had mollified the brains of humans, leaving them unable to resist cuteness. As soon as the alien commander had received the news, two subordinates hurried forwards to pull his dog suit from him. He turned to face his war room, and whiskers bristled in anticipation of his speech. He opted to keep it short and sweet. "MIAOW," he said. 