
The sky darkened, a drop of ink poisoning the afternoon's cerulean into a deep ocean abyss. The eye of the coming storm hovered above the corner of Wabash & Lake, where a garbage truck had crushed a phone booth only a moment before. It was on that point of contact that my eyes lingered, my legs paralyzed in place, and my heart throbbing in my chest. I'd been shadowing the player for months, traveling between sleazy nightclubs and abandoned apartment buildings, hounding her steps to see what her intentions were. It was like skip tracing a ghost; always showing up to find a piece of trash or a disturbed mattress still warm, but no body. At a distance, I had seen her killed countless times. At least, that's what I thought I saw, only for her to show up another day on the news. A streak of slicked hair and oiled leather, evading the police on live television. At first I thought she might be a superhero, but the resurrections were too much. The way she performed feats no human was capable of while totally composed, totally sure of herself, convinced me there was more to my world than I realized. The only way a person could behave as she did was if they knew a truth that nobody else suspected. By tailing her, I had come to understand that truth for myself. It's a simulation; an illusion or maybe a hallucination, wherein our mind makes reality out of an unfathomable alternative. I once thought I understood despair, eating leftover Chinese takeout from a dumpster in the city, picking out the rotten bits like a connoisseur. But I was wrong, despair is a more mechanical, mental thing; despair is what happens when your brain, the meat of your mind, realizes its entertaining itself with a lie. Despair was the cry I let out as above me, the simulated sky was turning black. Why? Because the world understood better than I or anyone else could, that it existed for the player. Every brick in every building, every fleck of dirt on every street, and every stray piece of trash, were all window dressing. Why? To entertain her. To keep the player coming back. She returned again and again, played her games, crashed her cars, and as long as she was entertained, the simulation ran on. My reality chugged along at her leisure. There was a time in my revelation where I hated her. I hated that she somehow dictated my reality. I hated that she could do these things and return, where the merest brush of a bullet might take one of my limbs out of my life forever. I hated that she could be flattened, only to step out of a nearby doorway. I hated that she could laugh, although a bitter laugh, while stalking all over our dark city in the rain, searching for something I could barely fathom. But I was wrong to hate, not because it is wrong to hate entirely, no, but because it was wrong to hate the player. It was because of the player that I had lived, that I had experienced pain as well as pleasure, and that I knew anything at all. It was wrong to hate the player who made that possible, my world a flickering candle she cupped between her palms, in whatever place it was from which she came. It was wrong to hate the player who gave us all a reason *to be*. In that moment that the sky finally lost its last luster, my screams echoing down an empty street already turning to fog around me, I realized my hate was misdirected. The player had lost her interest; she would not return again. Not because of anything I had done wrong, or anything she had done wrong, but because the game had lost her interest. The game had hunted her down and in a moment of weakness, crushed her within in a coffin of steel and glass. My final thoughts were love for the player. Instead, I hated the game. And then I hated nothing at all. 