
I was positive this was Krista's house. These are DEFINITELY her parents. You'd be hard pressed to forget her dad's heterochromia and her mother's overbite and slight front gap. These features didn't make either one of them unattractive, just distinctive. "What do you mean, you've never heard of Krista? She's your daughter. I haven't heard from her for 3 weeks now." The couple looked at each other. "Daughter? We've never had a daughter." Kyle said. "This is some kind of joke right? I've slept over here countless times. You have to remember me." My voice was getting shaky as the anger and fear began to build. I was angry they would play this joke for so long, and also feared that maybe they weren't joking, maybe they were trying to hide something. It was Kaitlyn's turn to speak "Listen, Sasha, is it? We don't know who you are, we've never seen you before and we've never heard of a Krista." I pushed passed them, finally losing my cool. "Hey! You can't just walk in here." I made a beeline for the stairs knowing the exact layout of the house. "Krista! Krista are you up there?" I took the stairs two at a time until I made it to the second landing. At the top of the stairs used to hang a family portrait. Kyle, Kaitlyn, and Krista hung there, smiles frozen in time. Now, everything about the portrait was the same, except there was no Krista. It was as if she had never been there. I quickly surveyed all that I could see, she was not in any of the family pictures, there was no sign of her ever existing. "What the fuck?" Kyle was stomping up their stairs behind me. "I think you better leave, before we call the cops." I darted for Krista's room. The place I had slept on a blow up mattress all those nights for years. I swung the door open. "Krista! What is go--" my question stopped short. Her bedroom was gone. The blue walls had been painted beige. Her bed replaced by a large wooden desk topped by a lamp and computer. A filing cabinet sat where her dresser once stood. A wave of nausea brought me to my knees. My eyes burned with tears. Kyle's hand fell softly on my back. I wanted to pull away from his touch but I was too overwhelmed to move. "Listen, I don't know what's going on here but your friend isn't here. She was never here. Why don't you let me take you home." As I moved to pull myself up, my vision fell onto our secret spot. A place where the baseboard had been cut so it could be removed and put back. It was almost seamless. If you didn't know it was there, you'd never notice it. Krista and I found it on accident one night when we were 10. When the baseboard was pulled away, it revealed a small hole. We often hid our notes too and from boys there. When we were in high school, it was just big enough to hide a couple packs of cigarettes. I crawled over to the spot and popped the section of baseboard which revealed the hole. Inside was a single piece of paper, folded neatly. "What is that?" Kyle asked, a thin line of worry now surfaced behind his words. I unfolded the paper, tears streamed down my face. There in Krista's handwriting: *Don't forget about me. Come find me; please.* "I knew it! I KNEW IT! WHERE IS SHE?!" My voice shattered as I screamed. Kyle sighed deeply and slowly pushed the door closed. "Well.. shit." The door latched shut and he turned the knob lock taking a few slow steps towards me rubbing his eyes. "What the fuck are you doing? Get away from me." I screamed. It was as if he hadn't heard me. His heterochromatic eyes were cold and blank. "You should have just left." Edit: Obligatory "*I didn't think this was going to blow up like this*" I will try to not let all of you asking for more down! Edit 2: Alright since so many people asked, I made a part 2. So far it's been pretty fun to write so I'll likely continue it. For now here's part 2 https://reddit.com/r/Writin_PenguinZWrites/comments/c47kt7/krista_part_2/. Thank you for reading! 