
There's something to be said about nostalgia. I wandered around Washington Square Park. The center fountain was just as I remembered it, people crowding around it to watch some street artist juggling...were those iPad's? All while deftly weaving through the streams of water. Students dazed on benches, others had laptops out, and most others were just talking to their friends. Others were dressed in formal wear heading for their jobs. Some asshole weaved through the crowd in his electrical skateboard. I'd spent 4 years in and around this park, the college campus - it had molded me into the man I am today. And now I was back from the other side of the country. Why? Well, officially, I was here to meet with the representative from some company or the other - honestly, I really didn't care. But I'd been having these dreams for the past week, crazy dreams, insane dreams. From dragons to spaceships to cruises through the solar system and the Atlantic. But one thing was common: Edith. My first, well, everything. College friend, lover, girlfriend, confidant, whatever. Words weren't enough to describe what we had together. Right up until she had just ghosted me after we graduated, no texts, no calls no anything. It took me years to get over it, to get my life back together. So, I was understandably upset when 7 years after last seeing her, she started to appear in my dreams. This was, I hoped, therapy. A round trip paid for by my office was cheaper than paying insurance premiums at every psychiatric session. So far it wasn't work- There. There she was. I found I wasn't really surprised. It was as if I knew I'd find her here. Long red hair down to the middle of her back, long legs, and that confidant stride, hell, even her dressing style hadn't changed - jeans and a black tank top. Before I even realized what I was doing, I'd called her name. She whirled towards me. Our eyes met. Her emerald eyes went wide, and she took a step back and froze, like a deer caught in headlights. I gave her what I hoped was a casual, noncommittal smile. Despite the motions warring within e, it was important to not scare her away. Not again. I put my hands in my pockets so that she wouldn't see them shaking and walked over to her. She didn't run away. *** We were in a coffee shop making small talk and sneaking looks at each other when we thought the other wasn't looking. God, I wanted to shake her, to demand why the hell she'd left, and I wanted to kiss her - I didn't really know which. And here we were talking about the *weather.* "You've been in my dreams for the past 2 weeks," I blurted. Oh. My. God. Did I just say that? I was acting like a flustered teen out on my first date. What's even worse was that Edith had gone completely still - rigid even. I tried to salvage the situation. "I mean, I just think it's funny, the first time I think of you in years, and BOOM! Here you are," I laughed a bit to lighten the mood. God, I was pathetic. Edith was still looking at me with gaping eyes. I debating just getting up and running the hell away, but whatever trance Edith was in seemed to snap. "I, uh, huh. What are the odds yeah?" I really should've dropped it there, but something in me was just determined to keep digging into this. "Yeah, and the dreams were so vivid! Just on the plane we were playing Melee together, and like always, you won." At that Edith did laugh, "Aww don't feel so bad, your Fox game just can't keep up with my Marth." Both of us froze. That was the exact match we'd had in our dream. The same characters. I might have dismissed it for a coincidence if it weren't for Edith's reaction. She looked absolutely stricken, here eyes wide and her muscles rigid. "Edith...?" She started to get up by I grabbed her arm. "Edith," I pleaded, "please. Not again." She struggled for a moment, and I could see the emotions fighting in her head. Then, she closed her eyes and sighed. "The...the reason I left you James, the reason I have to leave you now...I can't really tell you much, but I work for this company called PsyCorp." It was my turn to get up suddenly. So much so that the chair fell down behind me. "You're here to meet a representative, aren't you? You were told he'd call you?" Edith could only gape as I took out my phone and dialed the number I was told to call. Her phone rang. *** (minor edits) Due to popular demand I present part 2: [A Matter of Dreams](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/comments/8s2zj1/modern_scifi_a_matter_of_dreams_dreams_2/) If you enjoyed, check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 