
I sat hunched over the display, chewing at my lip in concentration. There had to be a way. I mulled over the options as they flashed in my mind, one after the other. I'd done this 1000 times. I knew there had to be a way out. I blew out a breath in frustration. The computer had me but good, it would be checkmate in just a few moves. Suddenly I heard a "TOCK" coming from somewhere in the module. "Tok tok tok". It was regular. I hoped it wasn't the antenna array again. It had fallen over a few weeks ago in a wind storm, and I'd had to re-calibrate the satellite uplink - fat lot of good it would do me, except that it provided early warning for dust storms. I got up and activated the external camera. My breath caught in my throat. There, standing at the door - no space suit, no protective gear whatsoever, was an older gentleman dressed in a suit, with a cane hooked over one arm, wearing a pocketwatch. He sported a rather dapper mustache and rocked back and forth on his heels impatiently. He glanced at the camera, as if he could see me, and rather pointedly knocked on the door again. "Toktoktok." I froze. Was I hallucinating? Was it some sort of sickness or delusion? What did it matter, I reflected. If I was going crazy, there wasn't much to be done; might as well go along with it and be entertained. I shakily got up and hesitantly pressed the button to allow the outer airlock to open. The man walked in, absently brushing some reddish dust off of his suit, closed the door behind him, and after the airlock had cycled, I triggered the inner airlock. He wiped is feet and gave me a short bow. "Hello!" he said heartily, in a rather cultured English accent. "I was just passing through and I see you're in a spot of bother!" I gaped at him. A spot of bother?! "I...I...uhhhhhh", I stammered. After 25 years, I'd apparently lost the ability to speak coherently, at least to anyone other than the computer. But could I be blamed? "Quite right!" he said, beaming at me. "I assume my appearance has come as something of a shock! Let me assure you, I mean you no harm. You may call me Nigel Penswick." He proferred a hand. Weakly, I reached out and shook it. "It seems as though I owe you a bit of an explanation. Terribly sorry for how surreal this must all seem to you," he said jovially, "but it seemed quite the best way to dampen the blow. May I?" he indicated a chair. I nodded weakly. If this was an hallucination, it was a very, very real one. "No, old boy, you're not imagining me!", he exclaimed, laughing slightly. "Although, that would make things a fair bit simpler, what? Space mad astronaut, last of his kind, trapped in a Martian looney bin!" He shook his head, chuckling. "Well, I have good news. And I have bad news. The good news is, of course, you're not alone. And you're not the last of your kind. You see, there is still life on Earth, irradiated and incandescent though she may be. The bad news is that it's all terribly mutated. Third arms, fifth eyes, that sort of thing." He pursed his lips. "Old boy, you're the last of your kind with any sort of decent DNA." He glanced upwards, as though searching for something. I stared. "Oh, of course! How rude of me. How the bloody hell did I get here!? Well, it's rather...well simple, but perhaps unlikely. You see, I am...well I used to be, human. I was snatched off of Earth, along with a few others, rather rudely, I might add, not a dollop of consent, in 1910!" He looked at me smugly. "There were...others you see, what you would call aliens, I suppose - and they wanted to make contact with us...save us, it would seem!" He waggled his eyebrows whimsically. "They snatched us up and modified us so we could serve as intermediaries when the time came. When you lot were ready. It seems that so-called intelligent species have a tendency to off themselves as soon as they get their hands on nuclear weaponry. Terrible stuff. Only a few survive." He sighed. "You were all doing so well. We'd nearly arrived. Then poof, you blow yourselves into smithereens, what. Very inconsiderate if you ask me. I was looking forward to seeing London once more, or Paris...but they're both smouldering craters!" He actually did look affronted. "Now, our DNA is too chopped up and altered by extraterrestrial meddling to use as a template to fix the mess you've all made of yourselves. You're the last one who's not gotten their chromosomes turned into pea soup!" He pointed at me emphatically with his cane. "So...old boy, we've come to ask you. How would you like to be the father of your race? Fix things up a bit, before it's too late?" He winked at me and poked me in the belly with his cane. "You won't regret it, we promise!" He grinned at me winningly. Somewhere, I heard a dull roar. Maybe it was the blood rushing through my head. As though in slow motion, the room seemed to pitch forward, and my last conscious image, for what seemed like a long time, was of a pair of finely made patent leather shoes. 