
I arrived at Aurora's as a child, as all children do. The only difference between me and the others was that I didn't arrive as a new born baby, I arrived at the age of four and I was yet to understand why I had been taken away from my parents. They had made the deal but they were their greed was large. They were greedy enough to make the deal and greedy enough to not follow through. They ran for years to try and keep me 'safe' but realistically you can't hide from a witch. She'll find you- and she did. This tall woman with ghost white skin, hair and deep red eyes took me from the arms of my mother and even though I was crying loudly, squirming and protesting, I could hear her words as clear as day and somehow I can remember them- I can remember that moment and how her voice sounded. "It is okay, my love, we are going home." I was taken away from my parents and arrived at Aurora's, a large mansion which was a school for children like me, named after the very witch that took me here. I cried for days because I wanted my family, my parents but eventually, growing up, I got used to this life as I was treated right and soon enough Aurora told me the truth. "Your parents never loved you, my dear. Not like I do. I love all my children here. I saved you from greed. The deal they struck with me was one that would give them immense riches. They were willing to give away you, a life, for gold and jewels." They really were the embodiment of greed. I grew up with the other students, all of us taught magic and right and wrong. Come my eighteenth birthday I received the best gift of all, revenge. Witches usually never take deals back...for good people and these people weren't good. For bad people, those sinful, witches gave them a taste of what they could've had it they would simply refuse to give their child away and take it from them. It was my chance to do the same. I remember how it felt to arrive at my parents home, a mansion just like Aurora's but not nearly as comforting. It was storming that night. The rain was heavy and the thunder seemed to be cheering loudly for me. With no trouble at all I slammed the front doors open with a flick of the wrist along with all the other doors and windows in this hellhole. I could hear them scream from the main room that I started marching towards. My loving parents, lathered in gold, jewels and clothes made out of the most expensive silks. My father held my mother and it was almost as if he was capable of feeling love. Almost. They stared at me with fear and no recognition in their eyes. How could they remember something they probably forgot the moment they made this deal? The running away from the witch wasn't so they wouldn't have to give me up because they loved me it was because they are *greedy*. They want everything, even trash like me. "It is okay, mother, father," their eyes widened as I spoke. "You are going home." In a flash, it was all gone. Their riches, their jewels, their mansion and their silk. Magic can be taken away just as quickly as it is given. Their greed was their undoing. They relied too much on the lifestyle they were given that they could barley survive. They were poor, starving on the streets for years, begging for money or just a slither of food. Bad people belong in bad places. They are home. 