
For a brief second we were both just staring. Consciously, I pushed my chest forward and stood up straight. He was a wiry little silhouette, the most defining feature being the glint of a streetlight bouncing off his glasses. He looked weak, and whereas my leftovers had already slipped down below the cold black he seemed to be struggling to get any real traction into his throw, hunching over with his knees bent and legs spread wide. His feet had been shuffling, piece by piece, gaining a tiny bit of ground before he noticed me. I squinted to see his movements, his arm jerking awkwardly slightly upward. A weapon? A wave. His right hand moving side to side, slowly and deliberately three or four times, lingering a little before falling back down. He spoke, his voice fair and high pitched, but the words were lost as they bounced around the underside of the bridge we were under. To respond, I stepped toward him - sharply, aggressively, hoping it'd scare him off. He only spoke louder. "Give me a hand?" I approached him slowly now, taking in all I could before I got close. He was wearing a sweater and tight trousers, smart shoes - even if the cheaper kind, no deep pockets that could hide something sharp or something loud. He was even smaller than he'd seemed from a distance, I could have taken his head in my hand and crushed it if I wanted to. I could've bent him backwards over my thigh. "Think I threw my back out bringing it down here." He laughed, and pushed his hands against his spine, leaning back against his arms in emphasis, grimacing as he did. I looked down at his left overs, neatly packed - more so than mine. Cleaner. "No." I hadn't moved. Nothing would've pleased me more than walking away but some voice inside of me told me not to turn my back. It was the same voice that told me where people would be hiding, a trustworthy voice. "C'mon, big guy like you? I'll make it worth your while!" His grin stayed fixed under his glasses, large and round, the glass deep and thick. His teeth were white and almost sharp. "No." "Don't you believe in the kindness of strangers?" His eyebrows stretched in the opposite direction of his grin, pulling themselves almost up and off of his pale face. I looked down at his leftovers. They moved. His grin stayed. "It moved." "It'll stop once you get it in that water for me!" The bag started to whimper. "You haven't finished." "Once it's in the water." The bag whimpered once more. "No." This time I shook my head in emphasis, shoved out my chest once more. He was so small, I could lift him and his not-quite-leftovers and Chuck them both into the murky black. "Oh well." He clapped his hands together, sighed, and turned around; making it only two steps before I called after him. "Where are you going?" "Home." He said simply, after turning dramatically on his heel to flash his stupid grin again. "But you aren't *finished*." He laughed and I bristled, it was a pathetic laugh. High pitch and almost a screech, echoing down the walls around me before settling into a reasonable chuckle. "Well, I've reached my limit! This is as good as I can do I'm afraid." "It'll be *found*!" I barked at him, keeping up the courtesy he'd rejected by maintaing as hushed a voice as I could manage. "So give it a nudge." The bag began to whimper again, almost sobbing as strained as it was. The wiry man's grin had shifted into a thin lipped, stern smile. I looked to the bag, then to him. He nudged his head. I kicked out and my boot hit the plastic, a stifled cry came from inside before the inevitable splash and fizzle of water settling. I watched the ripples dance in what little light we had before the surface stopped folding and the shimmers of reflection sat back into straightened, steady lines. I tuned into the sound of boot heels on stone, and flung my head up to catch the last of the wiry man's silhouette as he faded away into the darkness. I was left with an unsettling feeling of incompleteness, thinking of the squirming figure wriggling in the depths below. 