
I couldn't believe it. I licked the "blood" coating my pale fingers and once again once again I tasted...tomatoes. Just like the first time when a single drop of blood from the packets has landed in my mouth. The raging orb in front of me, a sphere of Dark Energy floated in front of me, an impossibility. I began to connect the dots in my head. Slips ups of my servants, fast recovery, the odd consistency of the blood, how everyone just seemed...happier. It was all theatrics, fakery, deception. They had never been giving me real blood at all. As I watched the orb, which has been sustained by my "blood" magic spun wildly out of control. For a moment it spun almost at its side before dissipating in a loud of black. I frowned and took out another packet of "blood" my servants had given me. I tasted it. Fake. Still, I reached in for the power as I'd done thousands of times before to find...nothing. No magic, no power. It was after all, tomato ketchup. Just as I'd thought - it didn't work. But it *had* worked. Before I'd realized that the blood wasn't real, the spell had worked. As an experiment I reached inwards - towards my own blood and held out my palm. Using your own blood was not wise, but for relatively small spells, it was quite alright. Soon, an orb of darkness appeared above my palm, pulsing with each pulse of my heart. A mystery to unravel, but later. Right now, there was insubordination to deal with. *** They were playing cards when I walked into the servant's quarters. They had drinks out, and were arrayed around a brown table, the ten or so of them, laughing. I blew the door off its hinges. One of the servants screamed as the door missed her by inches. All of them froze when they looked at me, the blood draining from their faces. "How long?" I demanded, my voice pitched low, lethal. Silence. "Need I repeat myself?" Still no one answered. Fine. The difficult way then. I called upon a bit of blood in my own body and felt a momentary flash of lightheadedness as a fireball appeared in my hand. The girl who'd screamed was the closest, fine. Red haired and short with freckles. Almost the polar opposite to my towering height, raven black hair, and opal eyes. I grabbed her by the collar and moved the ball closer to her head, so that the only thing I could see reflected in her wide irises was the flame. "How. Long." "Mistress-" she began, tears running down her cheeks. There was a sound, and I pushed the girl back on reflex. One of the servants had thrown a packet. Of blood. I almost laughed as I let my magic grab it midair and burst it open, not needing to use my own blood, the blood in the packet was enough, splattering the room in it including myself. I tasted it and my eyes widened. Not blood, ketchup. Again, the ketchup had worked. It had worked when I *believed* it was blood. Realization dawned on me. I looked down at the cowering servant, her face now speckled with blood. "We are going to be working on memory magic," I said. "Be ready in an hour." I was going to need blood one last time. *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 