
"Look all I'm saying is, do you Really think a harassment report is necessary?" I stared at the SuperTech Inc Limited HR rep like he was the moron I knew him to be. "I just spent 30 minutes going over less than a QUARTER of the harassing things Speed McQueen over there has done in the past YEAR." "Hey now lets not use slurs." "... that's literally his god damn Super Name. Did you even read any part of my report?" "Look. (exaggerated sigh) it's just that when these reports get filed there's a big investigation, a lot of resources and man hours are wasted, permanent marks are made on records... it's just a big hoobaloo over what's probably a misunderstanding." The HR Rep, Tod, was smiling in a placating manner. I wanted very much to punch his teeth into his throat. "I find it extremely disconcerting you are automatically assuming that this is a misunderstanding, and that the investigation will be a waste. This fucking asshole, don't pardon my language, is a god damn CREEP!" "Look you're starting to get hostile, I'm not going to talk to a hostile employee." I could see where he was going, and I felt vindicated that I had delayed making a report for this long. Villains NEVER were listened to by corporate. File a report for extreme use of force? "Oh don't be such a baby, your contract include physical violence." File a report for stalking? "It's literally their job to track you!" File a report for sexual harassment? "Heroes wouldn't do that!" So I had waited and collected evidence until I was absolutely SURE they couldn't ignore me. And here I was, arguing with some low level HR pinhead about whether or not the report I had filed by filling out fifty god damn forms, "really needed to be filed." I took several deep breaths, pulled out my cell phone, and clicked on the bright green "GO" button taking up half the screen. Then I turned to phone towards Tod. "Look Tod. I get it. I signed up to be a villain, I get the shit end of the stick but the hours are guaranteed and the healthcare is pretty good. What I didn't sign up for was being stalked, harassed, and physically and emotionally damaged by some fuckwhit in a spandex onesie. If you had read even the first ten pages of my report you would see that this motherfucker showed up to my thanksgiving party with my family. He showed up at my first christmas with my kids since my bitch ex-wife left me for a dentist and speed mcfuckinqueen opened every single gift looking for weapons or some shit. I was on jury duty last year and he showed up in court and told the judge I wasn't a reliable citizen." "The list literally goes on and on! Our contracts establish clear lines between work and civilian life! He shows up at my second job selling Used Cars every single fucking day and drives away customers! I have had ten fucking jobs in a year because of this mentally deficient asshole! So now, because of you, TOD, I am broadcasting every single video recording, audio recording, 911 call, and record of hero on villain crime that has ever been recorded. Ever. And I will continue broadcasting this on every single media medium until SuperTech Inc Limited does something about it." Tod's face has gone from surprisingly pale to deathly pale. "But. But. Your NDA." "FUCK THE NDA TOD! And especially, TOD, fuck you HR DIPSHITS. I'm broadcasting this too!" I left the building, and for all of two seconds I was happy. Then I was suddenly blacking out as something smashed into me and my body accelerated at 12g's. My last thought was, "God damn FUCKING Speed McQueen." 