
God: You've been in this loop for 500 years, did you not know that you were meant to try to escape? Me: I did, but why would I do that? God: Don't you find it boring? Repeating the same day over and over again. Me: How could I find it boring? The date might be the same but do you have any idea how much you can do in a day? I've seen most of the world, tried every restaurant in a 1000 mile radius and met more people (and generally had more experiences) than I could ever have done in an entire lifetime. God: What about your family and friends? Don't you wish that they could share these experiences and grow along with you? Me: They do share them, it's not like I do this all by myself. Sure they forget but I've also learnt more about them in this repeated day than I ever did before that. There's so much depth to everyone. I guess I do get a little sad when they don't remember some things but I'm literally living the combination of some of the biggest wishes of mankind: Eternal life without aging, the ability to redo any situation and the complete freedom to do whatever you want. I'm basically in a video game IRL; Speaking of which, did you know how good some of the smaller 80s Japanese video games were? I would totally have missed all of them if time had been running normally - there were so many I wanted to catch up on! God: But that wasn't the point of this at all! You were supposed to hate the experience and gain an appreciation of time from it. Just try to escape already. Me: Nah, I'm alright. Bit of a side note here, did you know that I managed to kick Trump in the nuts a few years ago? I couldn't tell you how many loops it took me to figure out how to do that one but it was totally worth it. God: ... Me: Cool right? God: I'm not even going to dignify that with a response. You know what? It's not a suggestion anymore, I'm telling you to spend your time from here onwards to try to escape. Me: I said I don't want to do that, I thought humans were supposed to have free will? God: I did say that but... Oh F*** it. Do what you want. 