
Human carries me in my prison through the air, across the entire world. Long gone is my humble web in the corner. My captor has ferried me past even the radiator, and then the carpet. From my perch behind glass up in the sky I can barely make out the kitchen table. Now I am farther from my home than I've ever been. What doom awaits me beyond the edge of the world?! Where shall my frightful kidnapper bring me, and what will become of me there? I knew not, dear reader, but waited helplessly for the end. The boundary of the universe is breached and a new, warm light shines through my prismatic prison, blinding every one of my eyes. Doom was near. But then, oh dearest, most kind and generous reader, a miracle. Surely as I and my siblings ate our mother's warm insides and burst from her corpse, the ground began to rise up slowly to meet me, until at last, i could feel the warm, hard Earth beneath my appendages. It was then my tormenter bent down low and brought its horrendous face close to my prison walls. Pointing a single giant claw at me, the monster spoke. # "Today you, tomorrow me." At first I believed this to be a comment on that most fickle of friends, fate itself. Though it gave me joy to consider that one day my ignominious end would be avenged when a larger giant trapped my killer in a crystal cage and smashed it to death, this fantasy provided little solace. But then the clear bell of my prison lifted and the true portent of the comment was revealed. The gargantuan monstrosity had, by all appearances, taken pity upon me. I tested the bounds of my freedom and moved off the thin paper upon which I had been trapped. The air was fresh, hot, and terrifying - my surroundings completely alien to me - but no giant's appendage struck at me from the heavens. I was, in a manner of speaking, free. But free to do what, warm and thoughtful reader? Free to roam and starve and die. I was beyond the far reaches of the world. Gone were the rich mite fields at carpet's edge. Gone was the fruit fly farm in the tertiary web built into the ceiling fan above the fruit bowl. My life was ruined friends, and though it kept me alive, I despised the giant's false mercy. I placed upon the monstrosity a curse, and wished it only ill. I imagined it being taken away in a bell and torn from its life. And, lo, fair and most just reader, behold my astonishment when, right then, my imaginings became real! Even as I finished the ritual flailing of my appendages, the curse took hold! New and fearsome humans, dressed all in black, appeared from a giant moving prison, raced toward my tormentor, took it into their many arms, and together dragged it into their wheeled human prison-bell. Oh, how sweet it was my friends, to see the monster taken away so soon after my own displacement. Sweeter still when, as it was shut into it's jail, the huge beast seemed to look at me - as though I might be of some assistance - as though, my size aside, I might actually be willing to help. *After all*, the monster's desperate look seemed to say, *I just showed you mercy.* As the human's cage closed and began to drift away - leaving me to my own, solitary doom here beyond the edge of the world - I signed the beast a message, though I doubt the giant idiot even understood. ##### "Today you, tomorrow me. Jackass." ****** ## For More Stories # r/LFTM 