
'Of course, not *all* the winners are time travellers.' The pleasant middle aged woman at the desk smiled kindly at me. I winced. 'Only about ten percent of them by our reckoning. The first alarm is when they select the numbers themselves and win. The second is when they haven't been picking the same numbers based on family birthdays and the like. One ticket bought in the manner you purchased it, means there is about a 72% chance the purchaser knows the result.' 'We didn't pull you in at first, because you have a traceable history in this time going back to your birth. Family and children and so on. But there have been too many incidences.' 'That teenager you killed with your car.. we were reliably informed by a previously apprehended traveller that he was a serial killer just prior to his first offence. He was really quite shocked when he read the newspaper and saw the name. Had over a hundred victims, nasty blighter. At least you show some kind of social instinct, unlike the greedy swine we usually see.' I shrugged. 'There's also the small matter of your internet activity. The emails to the conspiracy theory groups. Your appearance at resorts where several conferences in renewable power were taking place and the leaps in tech that happened shortly after.' 'Hardly conspiracy 'theories' from my point of view. And chatting to scientists is hardly a crime.' 'I suppose.' She studied me. 'We would very much like to know if you were involved with the disappearance of that billionaire philanthropist from the anti poverty convention in Rio.' 'Philanthropist my ass. Did you know he was funding left wing terrorist groups? How he torpedoed for years advances in solar tech by buying up the companies so his oil investments were profitable? The kids at his estate? Of course you did. You just didn't care what he did as long as the people at the top were being fed cash by him.' She paused, shuffled her papers and wrote something. 'Well, that may or may not be true. What did you do with him?' 'Interrogated him, shot him. I'm curious...' I learn forward. 'Tell me what else gave me away?' 'You are always *there*. Subtle but always present. Once we started to study your travel activity and internet activity there was an obvious pattern.' 'So basically, it was the lottery win that tripped me up?' 'Yes. Greed always gets your kind.' Then she paused, as if something didn't add up. 'But if I am motivated by greed, why all the other stuff?' I suggested helpfully after a few moments. She looked disgusted. 'Urghh, a political. Your kind are worse. So bloody self righteous. You come here from hundreds of years ahead, think you know about our culture and events and start meddling. God knows how much economic damage you've caused. I smile, and feel my whole body sway as the first pulse shakes me. I can't be more than I minute before I surge back, and the process can't be stopped now. 'I was born about the same time as you, and I know exactly what I'm doing. You are all idiots, you think all time travel is physical.' I start shaking. 'Information is way easier to send back, no mass.' My body starts to spasm and I hit the floor. 'I won't win the lottery next time round then'. Almost. Then POP! I open my eyes, and my youngest child is a year old and napping in his cot next to me. I never go back prior to this point. Three times I've lived my life after transmitting back into my younger self. I am currently both 34 and 133 years old. Preventing the next world war and environmental cataclysm that started in my seventies has proven tricky, but each time lifetime I make fewer mistakes. Possibly I should start by killing off the matter based time travel tech in its crib and stop other travellers from alerting the authorities to the fact that time travel exists. That should prevent the governments of the world from figuring out what I'm doing. I'm going to save the world, whether they want me to or not. 