
30 seconds until midnight. 20 seconds. 10 seconds. 5, 4, 3, 2, 1. ...Silence. While Greek Row was normally loud and active, there was only silence. I was such a fool for staying out this late. I briskly walked back towards my dorm, wary of potential police officers lurking around campus. As I approached the crosswalk, I counted how many seconds the signal had been white. The signal to walk never lasted more than 15 seconds. It had already been 10 seconds, so I took long strides to cover as much ground as I could. Upon reaching my dorm, I attentively swiped my University ID card over the scanner. As the door unlocked, I could hear a car in the distance. Quickly, but carefully, I swung the door open just enough to slip inside and make my way up the stairs. As I stumbled towards my dorm, I tiredly stabbed at the lock with my key until it found its way in. I entered quietly as to not wake up my roommate, blissfully asleep in his bed. Flopping on the bed, I recalled the beginning of the executional edicts. It had only been two years since the Martial Proclamation was implemented. The Unity Party stole numerous seats from both Democrats and Republicans. They made up a massive majority in both the House and Senate. They were able to pass the 28th Amendment which enacted what most of us know as the Martial Proclamation. "To combat growing crime within society, the 28th Amendment will provide law enforcement throughout all of America , on the 2nd of each January, the ability to punish any and all crimes, with death." No one believed that statement at first. But surely enough as January 2nd, 2018 arrived, more than 400,000 homeless people were murdered under charges of trespassing, loitering, and anything else you could think of. Most of these charges were very weak and lacked evidence, but it didn't matter. They were orders of death. People began calling them executional edicts. If the officer had the slightest reason to think you committed a crime, your death would be ordered. Even richer and more privileged people were executed by police officers for disorderly conduct or some other bullshit reason. People began taking the new law seriously. From January 2nd to January 3rd, everyone lived under martial law. I was always a good kid, brought up by strict Asian parents so I never drank or did drugs. I wasn't ever too concerned with the new law. But then half of my friends died. No one ever thought they would raid the dorm buildings. Some of my friends foolishly had marijuana hidden in their rooms. They never got to tell anyone goodbye. I couldn't bring myself to go to any of their funerals. There were too many of them. As I woke up the next morning, I checked my phone and saw that it was already noon. I slumped out of bed and changed into tight jeans and a T-shirt. Even though it was winter, I wasn't gonna risk looking like I was hiding something. No one was sure of what was a crime anymore, it felt like anything could get you killed. I took only my student ID with me to the market under my dorm building. I bought a vegan sandwich and tea. As I went to pay for my items, I heard a cry and I turned to see two police officers drag a young woman in tears, begging for her life outside of the market. Moments later, everyone heard one loud bang and a quieter thud afterwards. No one spoke after that. Even the cashier just silently handed me my receipt and items. As I left, I passed by the two officers who scanned me for a moment and turned back towards the young woman's body. I could hear them radio in a clean-up crew but I didn't stick around for them to arrive. I stayed in my dorm the rest of the day, quietly listening to music through my earbuds and coloring my coloring book. My roommate had left before I woke up, and I hadn't heard from him since. When I checked my phone again, it was already 10 pm. I figured the worst had happened when suddenly I heard the door unlock. But instead of my roommate walking in, it was a police officer, who strode in and dropped a set of bloodied keys on my desk. He left without a word, leaving me with an extra set of keys and without a roommate. Edit: Wow I did not expect to get so much attention and positive response to this! I usually don't write because I don't consider myself that great of a writer, but I'm glad people enjoyed my story! 