
I watched from a distance as the two Knightly warriors battled it out on the main road. Curious as to who would best the other. Both wearing Iron-clad armor. One bearing the Crest of Sir Klancy, which I could see even from this distance, while the other looked to be a mercenary, not wearing any revealing marks. Fights were nothing new. Bandits and Highwaymen patrolled the populated roads. But this was different. Rare is the sight of two men dueling one versus one. They must have had personal conflict, what other explanation could there be? They slashed at each other. Both were very skilled, an even match it looked to be. One would thrust, the other would dodge, then counter thrust. One would slash and the other would parry, before going for a slash of their own. Then, the Knight of Sir Klancy went for a slash, but was parried. However, he pirouetted and went for a thrust, which struck true. However, his pirouette finished in the path of the Mercenary's slash, which also struck true. They Stood for a second, before the Mercenary slumped to the ground, the blade sliding out of his chest as the Knight held on. Then the Knight fell on one knee. With the battle ending, I rushed over to offer assistance. But cautiously, so as not to startle the Knight and have him end my own life. However, it appears that I was no quick enough, as the Knight too slumped over well before I arrived. There were two things I noticed as I came upon the battlefield. First, that both men had breathed their last. And furthermore, that their blades were not normal blades. The mercenary's blade, though it shined white in the Sun from whence I watched, was actually black as night, with an Iron mantle, and an intricate Silver design that ran the length of the blade. The Knight's blade was a dark shade of Blue, with the same intricate silver design running the length of the blade, and the same iron handle. Astonishing. These two men had the same blade, but different colour. I picked up the Knight's blade first, and as I did, i felt this weird sensation flow across my body. It was small, but strange. I felt stronger, more energized. Never in my life had I been trained in the art of the Sword. I was a courier through and through, like my father before me and his father before him. Combat was not our forte. Yet, as I held the dark blue blade in my hand, I felt as though I was the most expert warrior there was. I turned to look at the Black blade and felt a tinge of Anger boiling inside me at the sight of it. That blade was...different. I felt as though I wanted to destroy it. That blade had to be destroyed. It had wronged so many, it was not worth the blood it had shed. I felt as though i was unbalanced so long as it existed. I know not where this feeling came from, but it didn't matter. I closed in on it, and with my freehand picked up the other blade, ready to break it upon my knee. As soon as my grip had closed around the Shiny iron handle, the anger was gone. In its place, a newfound sense of confidence grew. I felt as though I could take on the Gods with these two in hand. I felt powerful. But more than that... I felt as though I had a goal. A goal to destroy the blue blade...wait, why would I want that? It is the black blade that must be destroyed It is evil, it is...no...I am being tricked. The blue blade is the true evil. I can feel it, it must go, it must... what is happening? Suddenly, my head began to explode with conflicting thoughts. It was a pain I had not felt the likes of ever before. I felt as though my head was being torn in two through its middle. In Agony, I dropped both blades and gripped my head in pain. Falling to my knees, my legs were weak. But then, it began to subside. As it subsided, I noticed the Blades at my feet. Then my attention fell back upon the two bodies laying in front of me. Suddenly, I understood. The blades having the same design, the seemingly random men fighting each other, there was dark magic at work here. Magic which I did not understand nor strong enough to deal with, as I had just learned. Unsettled, I fixed myself, and continued past the site. I would tell the guardsmen of the next village over as a warning. But I did not dare touch those blades again. 