
Aterren soared the skies, piercing the wind with mighty wings. His eyes raged with fire as lighting struck his tar-black scales, spreading through his immensity in a layer of ferocious blue. That tempestuous night, his growl sent my entire kingdom into a tremor. My mistresses burned prayers for my daughter health and our protection. Worthless, not even a god could save us from Aterren if he attacked us. We would be reduced to ashes in bare seconds. The prayers proved useless, Aterren descended from the skies obliterating my courtyard into smithereens as he landed. Every piece of glass in the castle shattered, and the force of the impact sent me face first against the floor. What did he want? I bolted outside, my heart throbbing wildly up my throat. I was king, defending the realms was my duty and I had been doing it gladly for the past thirty years. That night, however, I felt like a child wanting to scamper away as far as my legs dared, and never ever look back. But I couldn't. Life taught me honor, war taught me death can't be escaped, and ruling taught me to care and protect. I'd failed to keep my daughter safe and the guilt burned inside me like a corpse hanging from a pyre. I wouldn't fail my kingdom, I'd choose death over hearing the woes of my people. If Aterren came here it was to propose a deal of sorts. Dragons are mighty creatures yet they bear honor like no other. "Aterren, what brings you here?" I said, meeting those eyes of infernal whirlwind, attempting my best not to display fear. "Couldn't you come in a brighter day?" He growled and placed his head onto the exposed dirt. "I came for your riches," Aterren said, revealing a teeth taller than me and sharper than any sword. "For my riches? I thought dragons were creatures of honor, not extortionists." My bowels stirred yet I kept my composure. Showing weakness could lead to tragedy. "Go ahead, burn us all, I won't tolerate this lack of morality. You will plead for mercy when nature avenges us all." I turned and stormed off. "Don't put your tongue close to the fire Robert, you might burn. You speak of morality and yet you are the one not living up to his words," Aterren said with his deep, rumbling voice. "Very well then, I will start with her. She's a fine lady with royal blood, a delicacy yet a mere bite to me." I froze in place, eyes growing wild. "You? You have her?" I turned back to Aterren and found his talon extended with my daughter asleep atop. "Why? Where? How?" "Your reward tempted me, Robert," Aterren said and placed her gently on the floor. "Too many riches, too many treasures, too much gold and jewels. Then there was, of course, the possibility of slaughtering Firgamal without guilt." I breathed, then grinned. "I will have my servants fetch your reward. There are no words to express my gratitude, my daughter means everything to me. Is there anything else you desire from me?" "You offered many things, enough to let your kingdom in severe debt, Robert. That's why I will offer something in return," Aterren said. "You are a good man, I won't see your kingdom meet its ruin because of a love we share." I frowned, what did he say? "We share?" He grinned, fire seeping through his teeth. "Indeed, I'm quite fond of your daughter, she has locks of true-fire. I offer my talon in marriage, I want her to be my wife. I will take an oath to defend your kingdom in return." I stood there speechless, gaze drifting from Aterren's bestiality toward my daughter's pristine figure, back and forth, back and forth. Today I will be tending all Aterren's guests for the wedding, dragons from the highest peaks, bearers of treasures of incalculable wealth. And, as strangely as it is... My daughter's smile shines brighter than any of their jewels. ---------------------------------- /r/therobertfall 