
"We're breaking up, and that's final." - he said over a cup of coffee. Strangely calm, if I remembered it. "But Andrew, why? I love you, you know it!" - I desperately begged, for I couldn't imagine a life without him. - "Please, just tell me what's wrong, we can work this out." Andrew avoided my gaze, in his eyes a bitter lie. "Have you ever played a game that you pour so much soul and heart in, but you could never quite beat it? And then you have this modding, this cheat that helps you through so easily? Only then, you finish that game without any satisfaction. You finish it with an emptiness." "I... I don't understand..." "Of course you don't." - he said, mostly to himself. "But... But... You love me, and I love you. We can make this work." "I don't love you." - he left a tasteless grin. "I don't believe you!" - I spoke with faint hope - "At least look into my eyes when you said that." I waited, but he couldn't. Exaltation filled me. "See. I know that deep down, you still--" "I don't love you." - he repeated - "I love her." I tried to ask "Who?", but a floating digitalized cursor appeared in front of my face. "What the--" "You know what the mouse does in computers, right? So one day I have this...power, and I could change reality with this thing. You believe me, don't you?" I didn't understand why, but I believed. "That's because I just rewrite your properties." "I... I..." - thousands of thoughts dawned upon me, but I couldn't say anything. "Don't talk." - he said as he moved his hands, and the cursor, around in the air - "I need this monologue." I was frozen in place. He took a sip from his cup. "I used to love her. I couldn't imagine my life without her. She, however, didn't share the same mind. So, when I realized the infinite possiblities of the cursor, I made her love me." He stared at the coffee cup, watching as it filled itself to the brim. "Then, I got a little too greedy. She liked the things I like, she and I had the same hobby, she always did the things I expected her to." A quiet moment passed following the painful confession. "She became my illusion of her." He then made some gestures, and I could act again. "But I don't like what you like, and I don't have your hobbies..." - I cried out. "Because I deleted her." "You... What...?" "You're but a copy, a plan B I made before changing her. With you, I only applied the same love into your heart. And, just like a cheating device, every moment with you only reminded me of an illusion I've casted upon myself. I was happy, and I felt guilty about it. I felt content and understood it was fake. I was in ecstasy, and it tormented me every waking moment." For the first time since the beginning of this conversation, he looked into my eyes. "I tried to erase these emotions, but they kept coming back. I wonder, though, if I was truly in love with you, or with my expectations of you." He stood up and produced a blank board. "You're not her, I'm aware of that. Write a name into this board, it'll become yours. You'll forget everything relating to me, and revert back to someone very similar, yet entirely different, to her. Only then can I love you unconditionally, only when I could only watch upon you from afar. And only then, can I continue to dream." 