
*Tentacles are more adept at holding a beer bottle than I would have expected,* I thought. I watched as the sea creature pulsated in the shining summer sun. I wasn't sure if it was breathing like a human or was just very good at holding its breath while drinking. Its gills opened and closed slowly and steadily. Somewhere between astonishment, horror, and dread, human civility unexpectedly kicked in. "How are you?" I heard a voice ask from far away. Upon further review, I realized it wasn't from a distance, but was actually from my own strained vocal cords. The sea creature glanced at me and shook a few stray strands of eels out of its eyes. "You would not believe the day I've had." "Oh yeah?" I said awkwardly. "I'm... sorry to hear that." The creature shook its head and reached a gelatinous extremity out to me. "My name's Ted," it said. I looked at the extremity, at it, back at the extremity, and back at its eyes before reaching out tentatively to grab it. It felt cool and disturbing on my skin. "Lorie." "That's a pretty name," Ted said before taking another sip of the beer he stole from my cooler. "Tha--" "Certainly a lot prettier than *Becky*," it grumbled as it stared out at the waves. I did not know what to say. I looked up and down the beach, but no one seemed to notice I was sitting next to an oceanic monster. "Uh... Who is Becky?" I asked. Ted snorted derisively, causing some water to drip down his jellied neck. "I thought I knew," he said. "Uhh--" "If you must know, Becky is in accounting." "Were you two... involved?" I asked, still not really sure what my role was in this conversation. "With *Becky*? God no!" Ted said, shooting me a horrified look. "We were friends, though. *Were* being the operative word there," Ted said, relaxing back onto the extra beach towel I had brought. "Um, what... happened?" "Oh, you don't want to hear about that," it said with a wave of a tentacle, but it said it in a way that clearly conveyed it wanted to tell me. I internally cursed my manners. "Sure, I d--" "Well, it all started this morning. I come into work, I sit down, and I hit the button to turn my work station on," Ted explained. "I'd needed to go in earlier to finish the paperwork for a shipment from Friday, but wouldn't you guess it? The computer needed to update. You just know that is going to take forever, too. And there's never a discernible difference, you know," Ted said, giving me a wide-eyed look. "Er, yea--" "So then I'm waiting for what felt like *hours**,* but it was more like ten minutes. Either way, it finally turns on, so I get my coffee and sit down to do the work. Well, Becky has emailed me six times already. *Six*," Ted told me. "Can you believe that? She couldn't walk twelve feet to just come tell me what she needed?" It took a sip of his beer. "Uh, yeah, that's reall--" "I know, right?" it said, its eyes bulging. "Right?" In my confusion, I realized I was letting my mouth gape open, which was ironic considering what I was talking to. I took a drink of my own beer and nodded, sensing that Ted didn't really need much from me. "So I walk over there, and I'm like, 'Becky, couldn't you just come over to my desk?' And she's like, 'I have too much work to do and you're holding me up.' So I say, 'Wouldn't it have been quicker to walk over or at least call? My computer was updating.' So she gets all mad at me and says she needs the spreadsheet I was supposed to have sent out Thursday. But the thing is," Ted said, leaning in conspiratorially, "I wasn't supposed to send it on Thursday at all. It wasn't due until *next* week." "Uh huh," I said. "So... you work in an aquatic--" "Shh shh, I'm getting there," it said, waving a few more tentacles at me. "So then, she *reports* me to human resources for 'aggressive behavior.' Can you *believe* that?" I gave a small, polite smile. "No wa--" "Yes!" it said, leaning away from me and throwing its hands out. "Of course, she goes to lunch every day with Bridget, so you can only imagine whose side she was on. She even threw something in there about constant interruptions." "Well, actu--" "The nerve on some people, huh? Lying like that!" The creature named Ted took a long pull from the bottle and stared out at the sun as it was setting over the ocean. The water kept crashing down on the beach, sending waves of continuous white noise towards us. The earth itself was begging me to fill in the void that was once overflowing with a sea creature's words. "Wow, that sounds like a bad day so far." "So far? That's the end of my story." I looked the sea creature up and down pointedly. "I think you're failing to mention something." It stared at me, its face contorted in what I guessed was confusion. Suddenly its eyes widened in realization. "Oh yeah," it said, taking a final swig of its beer. It threw the empty bottle into the ocean. "I don't think you're supposed to--" "Well, after work I ran into a witch and was turned into a hideous sea creature," it said offhandedly. "So yeah, pretty rotten day." 