
My fist hovered above the solid oak door. It was a nice house, clearly he had done well for himself. Some of it was original, it looked over a century old. Most of it seemed to have been added after the fact. For a moment I felt pride. Only a moment though, I shook my head and pushed it down. There was no way he was my son, I had no reason to be proud. I was only just old enough to drink, he had seen the rise and fall of the Third Reich. I knocked on the door and waited. I gave him time, the website said he was 89, it would probably take some time to reach the door. I could have waited 30 seconds or an hour, it was impossible to tell. Even my heartbeat seemed to go quiet, leaving me in a dreadful silence. Time seemed to freeze and speed up, all at once, until I heard a click from the other side. "Glad you could make it, dad, I made your favorite." An old, wrinkled face met mine, with large round glasses that made his eyes look massive. He turned around and waddled his way towards the kitchen, but I stood frozen on the porch. "Are you coming in?" he asked. "I made baked ziti, you always loved it growing up. Of course, maybe it's too soon for you to have had it the first time... these things are really confusing, you didn't give me much to work on." I opened my mouth to speak, but no words came. He bore into my soul with his eyes, and I stepped over the threshold to a house I had made almost 100 year prior. "I was wondering when you'd finally come. You told me May 16th, but I didn't know if I should make breakfast, lunch, or dinner. I made eggs this morning, but you never came. I still have some leftover sandwiches in the fridge if you want them, you have a lot ahead of you." I froze in the hallway. "Who are you?" I finally asked. He turned to meet my gaze, and a grin spread across his lips. "I think we both know the answer to that." "You can't be my son," I whispered. "You're 68 years older than me, that isn't physically possible." "Like I said, you have a lot ahead of you," he laughed. "Why couldn't I be your son?" "That isn't how time works, you were born before I was alive." "Eh, before, after, it all gets very mixed up when you've been around as much as we have. Now come, dinner's ready." He was right, baked ziti was my favorite. He made it just like my mother used to. She was no cook, but she had mastered a few simple recipes. No matter how hard I tried, I could never make it like she had. But this old man had perfected it. "You used to tell me, when I was a kid," he began, "how grandma used to make this when you got sick. And one time, in your sophomore year of high school, you beat up this kid, Tommy something-or-other..." "Jones," I said under my breath. "Tommy Jones." "Tommy Jones!" he exclaimed. "That was it. You beat him up good. Sent him to the hospital. Mom made ziti that night, because Tommy had been harassing Uncle Steven, and you put him in your place. You were grounded for a month after that, but grandma wanted you to know that she was proud that you defended your brother. Tears began to streak down my face. "Who are you," I whispered, begging for an answer. "Father dearest," he began, "you always told me this was the hardest day of your life. Storming the beaches of Normandy, watching mom die, you could handle it all. But this was the day you lost everything; your parents, your brother, your boyfriend, and yes, even your cat Cthulhu. Good news though, after we move into the family home, we do get a dog. You name him Diogenes. Spoilers. For a lot, I guess." There was no way this was just some crazy old man, and no way this was a prank. He placed a necklace on the table, a resin sphere with a crystal suspended within. It looked decades old, and around my neck hung the same necklace, but much younger. I took it off, and when I touched the two of them together, there was a spark. "What's going to happen to me?" "A lot," he chuckled. "Fight the Nazis, march on Washington, trip with Ken Kessey, stand at Stonewall. The 60's are going to be busy, I won't lie. And you'll have to see a lot of suffering before you can get to that point." "I don't want it," I said, turning my head away. "I wanna go home, Micah expects me to come home tonight. I have a flight, I need to get home." I was panicking now, shoving myself from the table and making a beeline for the door. "You won't make it," the old man shouted after me. "When you meet mom, you'll need a shitty pickup line! Remember, it's-" I never heard the line. As I opened the door, and stepped out of the house, I noticed the scenery was different. The road was dirt, and night had turned to day. I turned around and the house was gone. I knew where I was, but it would take a long time to accept when. 