
A telltale chime rung loud and clear in my mind, declaring that the words I just heard were nothing but the pure and honest truth. "Sorry, what did you say?" I hid my hands in my pockets to hide their trembling, which grew more intense with every passing second. "I said I'll definitely kill you one day," he said. At his words, another ring echoed in my mind. I looked upon his face, and saw that his once carefree smile now seemed empty and hollow - and merely served to mock me with its presence. And his eyes were devoid of the luster I once saw in them, and even though they looked at me, it felt like they stared straight through me. Even though my unseen ability had never failed me once in all the years I had lived, I truly hoped in those moments that I had been fooled by that terrible chime. "Funny joke, man," I said, my voice cracking as I spoke, "but that's weird. You don't mean that do you?" "No man, not at all," he said, and shot me a smile filled with nothing but teeth. Even though no ring came to me, I couldn't help but flinch nonetheless. "Well, I'd best get going anyway," I said, as I struggled to stand on my own shaking legs. It was only when I had managed to right myself that I noticed he had been staring at them the entire time, and no doubt seen the trembling fear within them. "I think my mom was making lasagna," he said, as he stared blankly off into the distance, "I'm sure she wouldn't mind if you stayed for dinner." I heard only a single chime that time. And while I could not immediately discern which statement it belonged to, I knew in my heart it was the latter. "Nah man," I said, as I took a brief look at my broken wristwatch, "I'd really best get going." "Alright," he said, "I'll see you at school tomorrow." As I turned to walk away, I heard no chime follow his words. And as I made my way through his house and out into the front yard and beyond, I always made sure to watch my back, fearful of the one I once called my best friend. And as I stood before the doors of my own home, I felt my phone buzz in my pockets. But retrieving it from them was an arduous task on account of my own trembling hands. And as I turned on the screen and saw the single message upon the screen, I felt my heart skip a beat. *"You want to skip school tomorrow and check out that old junkyard?"* I couldn't stop myself from vomiting all over the welcome mat. * * * /r/khaarus 