
"It's not about the results, son," my father said. "It's about doing things the right way." "What do you mean?" "It's hard to explain...but even if you get the result you want sometimes, that might not happen again the next time. You might not get as lucky. If you do it the right way every time, you'll be rewarded the same way, hopefully." "I thought it's about trying your best?" He shook his head, the first of many times he would repeat that gesture throughout my life. "You'll see." - The referee could blow his whistle at any second. Coach called me over. "Get us a goal, kid." "How?" He smiled. "You always seem to find a way." His words don't quite give me hope, or belief, but they make me realize I have to try. That's how it always is for me in life. Don't worry about how things will work out. Just do something. Anything more than nothing. I get the ball on the right, just past midfield. There is a bit of space, so I run with the ball. I'm not the fastest or best dribbler, but I do my best. I'm in the box now. Everyone is screaming. I look around. No teammates. Defenders closing in. I close my eyes, and kick as hard as I can... The ball goes horribly awry. It's not even on target. But then it happens. A defender can't quite slide out of the way in time, and it ricochets off him and into the goal! My teammates mob me. I take a second, and look up in the stands. My mom is jumping for joy along with everyone else, but all I can see is my dad, shaking his head... - I think about that a lot. How they would all shake their head if they were to see how I operate. If the city could see how their hero stopped robberies by accidentally headbutting the lead robber and knocking both of us out, or prevented a suicide by falling off the building first and scaring the jumper off doing it, or any of the other mishaps-turned-miracles, would they still call me a hero? In the end, that doesn't matter. Or at least that's what I tell myself. With me there, doing something, I like to think things are better off. The kids are strong, just realizing how much they can bully and boss people around with their growing frames. "Hey," I say. "He's got nothing. Why rob a hobo?" They turn around, and smile when they see me. "Good point. We'll do you instead." I walk towards them, and then start to run at them when they do. I close my eyes, and I slip on the ice- And slide right into one of the goons. I hear a horrible crack, and when I look, his friends are trying to quiet his screaming, loading him up into a car, going away. I stand up, and walk towards the hobo. "Are you okay, sir?" "That was something," he said. "Yeah. I'm sorry. I was trying to-" "What are you apologizing for? Without you, I'd have nothing to eat tonight." "I wish it didn't have to happen that way." He shrugs, and smiles. "But it did, didn't it? And look at what happened. You scared those punks off. That's all that matters, in my book." I look at my jeans, wet and stained with the dirty ice. "Thanks," I say. "That means a lot." - [r/penguin347](https://reddit.com/r/penguin347) 