
The guard chuckled as he continued down the cell block, leading the little girl to an empty cell. Neither of the neighboring cells were occupied. "We'll keep her away from you lot," he said as her door shut and locked with a buzz. "For your safety." I know everyone here. Murderers, rapists, you name it, they're here. It's a modern day Alcatraz, just without the great view. I don't have many lines I wont cross, but to put a little girl here along with scum like me is just wrong. Hell I've probably been in this joint longer than she's been alive. These guards must be more demented than I realized. That night I could hear faint sobbing echoing off the concrete walls. These monsters. We woke the next morning to an alarm, which wasn't unusual. Sometimes they'll do a drill before wake up just to piss us off. Other times a guard fell asleep and missed shift change. I usually stay on my cot until an overweight prick yells at me to get up. This morning, however, an overweight prick was jogging down the block, huffing as he went. It made me briefly think how easy it would be to overrun this jail if those damn guards weren't loaded with live rounds all the time. Then two more ran past, calling in on their radio. "Officer down in Block D." A few minutes later word began spreading down the block. Officer Johnson, the one who led the girl to her cell the day before, had missed his shift change and was found dead in front of the girl's cell. We found out later Johnson had died from asphyxiation, as if someone had grabbed him from behind and choked the life out of him. He was also missing a few fingers. They made us skip breakfast while they accounted for everyone in their cells. No one was missing. Later that day I walked out toward the yard to play some basketball. I passed by the girl's cell and peeked in to see how she was holding up. Poor thing must have been shaken up by what had happened nearby. She was just sitting upright on her cot, starring at the wall. Then, she saw me, and reached behind and pulled out something from under her pillow to show me. I leaned closer and nearly lost my shit. She, smiling sweetly, was holding Johnson's severed fingers. Edit: autocorrect fail 