
"So who were you this time?" Jeoff asked, peering at me from across the table. I looked up from shoving an entire giant pretzel into my mouth without chewing and stared at him, waiting for the acids in human saliva to soften the entire thing. Then I chewed deliberately, looking back down at the stack of pretzals in front of me. "Eh, nobody that important. Some physicist. Slipped some universal secrets into the mix." "So are you or are you not responsible for the creation of the atom bomb?" The man said in front of me. I could tell he was from the council. It wasn't hard. We all had bright yellow eyes. It was about the only thing that really set us apart. "Not responsible, no." I said, licking my lips clean of salt. "Hardly even had anything to do with it." Jeoff breathed in, then let the air hiss through his perfect teeth. Replacements. Teeth weren't up to lasting thousands of years, and there weren't any natural processes to keep them maintained. I had the same in my mouth, but it didn't stop me from eating the pretzel. "There are so many people dead, and you mean to tell this isn't your fault as president of the United states?" "I," I said, primly, wiping my mouth of a bit of grease. "Was trying my best to stop that." "Oh really?" he asked. "So that's why you had a string of messy affairs that damaged international appeal, weakened the economy, and directly led to an increase in brinkmanship?" "It is the natural stance of mortals to intensify into a stalemate, not deescalate, Jeoffry," I said, grimly. "I did nothing a mortal would not do." "So many people are dead." Jeoff repeated. "So many shadowy bodies that nobody will know about. How many did you cause?" "I'll tell you what," I noted. "I joined the manhatten project to put a stop to it. There was no way they'd do anything useful or come up with anything useful, so I figured there had to be another immortal involved. If Necessary," I stressed that last word, "I was going to chain him to an anchor and leave him on the bottom of the ocean. Jeoff winced. "And?" "There wasn't any immortals there." "There wasn't any-" Jeoff glared at me and smacked my hand away from a pretzel. "Yeah, you heard me," I said. "and I didn't tell them anything." "You mean to tell me..." Jeoff said, his voice low, harsh. "Yes. I mean to tell you that the mortals figured out atomic structure... in mortal life spans," I said, standing up. I shot a look at the nigh abandoned store; this place was close to empty, nearly close to being shut down, stranded as it was in the rust belt. "And how am I supposed to believe that?" Jeoff asked. "They're learning faster than we are! And you know why...?" I asked, leaning over the table. "You're a damn liar." "They're willing to share with each other. They're not like we are, Jeoff, their willing to share their insights. They don't hoard knowledge with their perfect memories, they just tell people. They just share science with each other. Did you know that someone has come up with a nearly perfect model of group dynamics? Well, gee, I wonder what council of immortal fuckwits I could apply that to? I wonder Jeoff, if you being here means you've fallen out of favor somehow. Someone finally see how shitty your poetry is?" Jeoff glared at me deeper. "Stop being so obstinate and return." "I refuse." "We will have this conversation again, Dean Martin." "I hope you come with better arguments." ----- https://www.reddit.com/r/Zubergoodstories/ 