
I am a massive arachnophobiac. It's been that way ever since a giant, hairy, ominous black spider dropped on me back when I was 12, and since then I've feared them almost religiously. Then I got the button. This button was perfect for me. It was small, portable, and didn't need batteries: The best part was that any spiders within 5 meters of me would make a very satisfying 'pop' noise. Usually it'd be quiet, cute pops, and it would be lots of them. Sometimes it was like a balloon. But last night, I never heard one as loud as then. As per usual, I went to bed with the spider popper. I always use it before bed, don't want any to crawl down my throat and get eaten while I sleep. Well, most of the time it'd only be one or two small, pitiful squeaks. Think mice being caught in a trap. Well, last night it was different. As I lay in bed, about to dose off, I hit the button. I then got startled by the loudest noise I'd ever heard. *It was a motherfucking shotgun blast.* My years were ringing, my neighbors were screaming and most of all my wall was now covered in millions, perhaps billions, of tiny little spiders. These bastards were like black widows, but imagine if there were about a few billion, and they were as dark as midnight and more fuzzy than Santa on Christmas. I was petrified; How long had they been there? Were they originally a hive mind, and the blast was the hive being destroyed and dispersing the spiders? Had they spawned from the carcass of the original spider upon its death? I didn't want to know. Well, for the next couple minutes I kept hitting the button. And every time a few million would explode, in a quieter but still ear splitting bang, and as more died the quieter it became. By the end it looked like a serial killer had been hiding the bodies of his victims in my room, what with how much blood and guts there was everywhere. When the police shown up, they were petrified of what they saw. One of the officers collapsed from shock, and the other begun to puke at the pungent stench left behind by the demonspawn. Eventually, when they recovered, I I explained everything, and used the button on the last dozen spiders I found, and thankfully they believed everything word for word. However now my button is confiscated and they intend to mass produce it and give me the patent for its invention. All the while, I know have complete dominion of the spider population on this planet and I will get the big hairy spider back one day. I just hope the spiders don't get a person popper. *this is my second ever story on Reddit! All criticism is appreciated!* 