
My heart broke as Mom patted my head and Dad rubbed my belly. Sister sat on the couch next to us and joked about how spoiled I am. "We should trade places sometime, Leo!" she laughed. "I can't believe you guys are just going to tell me I'm adopted and then move on like it's no big deal," I said. Mom giggled and said to Dad, "Uh oh! Someone's meowing a lot. He must be mad about the news we just broke." I jumped off my mother's lap and stormed upstairs. I walked into the bedroom I shared with Sister, and I laid down on my bed, trying my best not to cry. I felt unwanted and unloved. A couple hours went by before I decided to go back downstairs. Mom and Sister were nowhere to be found, and Dad was watching a TV show. "I'm hungry," I announced. Dad looked at me and smiled. "Somebody wants food, huh? C'mon." I followed Dad into the kitchen. He opened a can of tuna and placed it in front of me. "Mom doesn't want you eating this stuff anymore, but I know you love it," he said. "It'll be our little secret. When she's home, she can give you that food in the pantry." After eating, I walked back into the living room, where Dad was eating his own dinner and watching some other show. "Hey," I said. "I don't know what's going on, but I feel unappreciated, Dad." "Shh, boy," Dad said. "Shh. Let me watch this real quick." "Dad!" I yelled. "You're not listening to me! You guys dropped a bombshell on me earlier and now you're acting like it never happened!" Dad got off the couch and picked me up off the floor. I thought he was going to comfort me, but he opened the backyard door and placed me down. "Sorry, boy," he said. "I'll bring you back inside when you stop meowing so much." He gave me quick pat on my head and closed the door. I sat outside feeling dumbfounded. How could he do this to me? I heard Mom's car pulling up to the driveway on the other side of the house. Her and Sister got out, laughing and joking with each other. That was it. I leaped up the backyard fence, took one last look at my old home, and left. If this was how they were going to treat me, I didn't need to live with them. It was time for me to find my real parents. 