
My first thought is that I'm insane. My second is that I'm way too stoned, my eyes glancing at the half-smoked joint sitting in the ashtray on the porch. I'm dead sure I just heard Jax speak. And now there are howls in the distance, a chorus of neighborhood dogs calling to one another, Jax included. "Can you repeat that?" I say, forming the words slowly. Jax abruptly halts his call to the skies, one paw still resting on the chewed up orange ball. "You need to get inside." I try to comprehend the situation, my muscles involuntarily locking, with only my eyes flitting back and forth between Jax, the lawn, the half smoked joint and the orange ball. Something wet hits my bare foot, causing me to snap out of my paralysis. I swipe at the long line of drool hanging from the corner of my mouth. "Get inside," Jax says again in some sort of bastard approximation of his bark. I turn and walk back to the house, still not quite understanding but now starting to accept - despite the absurd improbability of the situation - that my golden retriever is talking to me. "Hurry, Abe," Jax says, nuzzling his snout against my ass. "There isn't much time." I sit down on the living room couch, scratching my head in a caricature of confusion. "What in the world..." I say, mouthing the words silently as I stare out the window at Jax, who is now rapidly digging a hole in the front lawn with a dedication quite unbecoming of the lazy, irreverent best friend I thought I knew. Another line of drool drapes itself across my knee and slowly steeps to the floor, forgotten. Jax pulls out what looks like a flak vest and a riot helmet and somehow dons them, then begins to howl again. The howl has a deep sense of purpose behind it, almost like a battle cry, like some sort of canine call to action. My dog flashes a look back in my direction. His eyes contain a deep intelligence that wasn't there before. Noticing my discomfort and confusion, Jax bounds up to the window. "We are man's best friend," he growls through the glass, puffing up his chest with pride. "To defend you is our true purpose." A woman is sprinting down the street, causing Jax to snap back around and crouch low. She screams a terrible, blood curdling yell as something black streaks across the pavement and cannons into her, causing her to flail into the concrete. The creature rips the back of the woman's head to shreds before she even comes to a stop. I'm pretty sure it is Samantha, the kind lady down the street. The black creature stops, satisfied with Samantha's splayed, lifeless form, then it turns and looks me dead in the eye, it's fangs glistening with bright red blood. "Fucking cats," Jax says, setting his shoulders. 