
"Hey! It's me, God. I've noticed there's a lot of confusion, so I've created a website called 'Will I go to hell and why dot com'. Just write your name in the search bar. And don't forget to share, like and subscribe." Kevin stood still, mid-step. "Ohhhh, sorrywhatnow?" he queried. He looked around, expecting the crowds of people around him to be fixed on him. It was, after all, rush hour and he had just stopped on the pavement with his right boot a foot and a half off the floor, and muttered to himself. "Did you just say something?" asked the 7 foot tall Manglorian female next to him. *At least I think it's a female...* he thought. "Who? Me?" answered Kevin. "Yuh, you." "Sorry, I thought I heard something so was like, 'huh?'" "About God and some website?" Kevin's mouth dropped like a fat child from a swing, "you heard that too?!" he gasped. The tentacles around the Manglorian's neck shivered and her three eyes widened. "I thought that was you! How can we both have heard the same thing?" "Well damn, I'm glad!" said Kevin as he finally lowered his boot to the floor. He wiped the sweat from his brow and slapped his thigh, "I thought I was having another psychotic break down! It was eerily similar you know, a deep bellowing voice in your heard from God, but last time he told me to go and kill my neighbour's dog..." The Manglorian's tentacles retracted and shivered simultaneously. "But if we both heard it, then it's all alright! That or we're both going crazy?" he queried, stroking his chin. The Manglorian let out a shriek and threw her arms above her head and proceeded to run down the street. As she wobbled off, Kevin became aware of the crowds muttering all around him. *"You heard it too?"* *"We all heard it!"* *"They've finally hacked our brains!"* *"Look, it's an actual website!"* Kevin whipped out his transponder and like a randy teen going onto the internet, went on the internet. "Will...I go to Hell... dot...com..." Scores of people around him were also typing away on their transponders, eager to check out the site that the mysterious voice in their head had told them to visit. Kevin typed in his details, and let the site take a retina scan to confirm that it was him. *Loading... Loading... Loading...* *Kevin Thomson, a.k.a God, welcome back. Please click below to see the latest results from this planet.* "Ohhhh, sorrywhatnow?" 