
Boronox looked out the window of the BZT-MPR-996, otherwise known as 'The Ark'. They were now two weeks away from the planet where they had taken a few million specimens. The Jarix system came into view. Boronox smiled. Home. Almost there. "Disengage FTL drive." The ship complied. >*Disengaging in 5... 4... 3... 2... 1...* Space distorted for a brief moment. Stars realigned to a familiar view. There she was. Their origin planet. Almost empty now. But soon repopulated. He sat back and flexed his articulated appendages. This would be the most successful run ever. Never were they able to procure such a vast amount of specimen. The 3.2 million they took were a mere 0.04% of the usable biomass. It didn't even put a dent in their numbers. Other systems had held far less usable creatures. The Jarixians had always depleted the natural reserves, just as they had done in their own system. They would be able to return to this 'Earth' the next breeding cycle. With more and bigger arks. Boronox hailed the spawning bay. The mandibles of lead scientist Krillix came into view. "Hail Commander Boronox! It is great to see our home planet again!" "I could not agree more, Krillix. Tell me, what is our status?" "The specimens are sedated and inoculated. Because they were so pristine and suited to become hosts, I have increased the temperature of 85% of the stage 2 larval population. The increased temperatures have allowed them to become females in the third stage of their lifecycle. Each of them has produced 3 to 6 eggs before dying. These were inserted in the humans." "What have you done with the remaining 15% stage 2 larvae?" "Half of them were kept in cold temperatures to produces males. We have not lost many soldiers during our raid, but we will need more to construct more arks and return to collect more specimen. The other half is in stasis." "Excellent. Now we only need to wait for the stage 1 larvae to emerge from their hosts. After that they can grow to mature stage 2 grubs on the surface of Jarix. Our army will be glorious. Our population will have quadrupled in size." "Even more. An increase of 436%." >*Disturbance in spawning bay... Disturbance in spawning bay...* "Krillix? What is happening?" One of the spawning bay room status indicators flashed red. "I am not sure. It seems to be emanating from breeding room 58B, specimen 8. I'll do a scan..." "Can you kill this racket whilst you figure out what's causing it?" The alarm message ceased its broadcast. "Done. Scan commencing." Boronox tried to keep his composure. He didn't want to push the scientist whose shoulders bared the weight of their survival. The 35 seconds the scanning procedure took seemed to last an eternity. "Krillix? Update?" "The scan has completed. No apparent anomalies detected. The larva has successfully consumed body fat, reproduction organs and small intestines. Oh wait, it has just finished eating their body fluid pump. No problem. The host is dead now. The larva is completing its stage one. Making sure it can emerge without a threat. It will exit the husk soon and crawl to the landing shuttle. I'm sure it's nothing. A small glitch in the system." "The first of a new generation. I want to oversee this. Can you get me a live feed?" "Of course, Commander Boronox." Krillix' tarsus navigated the system. Both him and the commander were now watching the worm making a hole in the chest cavity of the specimen. It emerged. Another status indicator in a neighboring bay changed color. Quickly followed by third red blip. Probably more of the same. A bug in the system Krillix needed to address later. He did not want to miss a thing of this crucial moment and turned his attention to the live feed. There it was. Nearly one third of the size of its host. Chewing mouthparts surfaced from in a bloody bubbling pulp. The creature emitted a thrumming noise. Boronox cleaned his antenna. He always became emotional when witnessing birth. No sound is sweeter than the cry of baby. The happy thrum suddenly converted into a scream. The grunting specimen had grabbed the maggot. "Krillix? What is happening?" "I don't understand Commander. It's dead! Sedation has no more effect on the host. All life supporting functions seems to have terminated." "Then why does it move? Oh no... no no no..." Krillix and Boronox watched in horror how the specimen started chomping down on the larva. It eagerly tore chunks of flesh from the newborn. The worm writhed and screamed, until it could do so no more. More alarms. Krillix saw 16 more breeding rooms blinking on his monitor. "Krillix? Can you contain it?" "I... I... no... What have I done?" "85% Krillix. Why didn't you try it on one specimen first?" "I don't understand... the physiology was so similar to that of the Simians of Bungar 5... Not a single problem. This should not be happening..." A ship wide alarm sounded. The first husk was making its way out of the breeding room. Both Krillix and the Commander froze as the monitor of the breeding rooms turned an apocalyptic crimson red. ------------------------------------------------ Edit: Special thanks to u/ledivin and u/patgeo for spotting buzzkills in the story. Updated now. 