
*"W...h...y?"* She gurgled out, spilling blood onto my lap. Looking into my eyes like a pet being euthanized, she knows what's going on but doesn't know why. I stay silent, after all it's an emotional moment... killing someone. I stroke my hand through her hair, holding her in place. Her body twitches as she struggles against the paralysis medication I dosed her with before I slit her throat. I wait with her until she is gone, it's the least I can do. I'm *not* a monster. I feel bad for doing this. But she uttered those three stupid words... *I love you*. Peter Pan was right, growing up sucks. The concept of love is drilled into us in our teenage years. Society telling us how wonderful it is to be in love, grow up, and gain new freedoms as you age. I watched my parents grow old, and they didn't look like they loved each other. They fought, argued, and wasted time together watching television. They aged but they didn't look like they love each other. I didn't want their life, I didn't want to have a family and work for a living. It seemed easier if I could just stay young forever. Like most teenagers, I was put into the dating pool when I was 15. The idea is I would go on multiple dates with potential matches and eventually find the one I would like to be with. My first girlfriend *Jessica* I met shortly after turning 17, and she told me she loved me on my 18th birthday. I killed her a few weeks later thinking if I never date anyone, I would never grow old. Lucy was my eighteenth kill, the seventh one this year. The longer a person stays in the dating pool the more desperate the system is to pair you with someone. She told me she loved me after our third date while at my house, that's when I decided to paralyse her and slit her throat. She must've been desperate. I did what I had to do to guarantee she wasn't stealing my youth. After all the pool does promote a 93% success rate on matches, and no one knows when the aging process exactly starts. A few days later my phone rings, it was an officer from the dating pool informing me another one of my dates has failed to report if the date was completed or not. I told her she never showed, I've been running out of excuses. "Oh, she failed to show up? That's the 2nd one this month." The officer questioned on the phone. "Yeah, I'm just as frustrated as you are. I really want to find someone." I mentioned. There are fines and community services for people who don't go through the dating pool process. One also can't just say they don't feel it either without sufficient reasoning or proof. After my fourth report I had to send to the agency I found *killing* my dates to be easier and would be the police's problem and not mine. "Well lucky for you I took a personal interest in your case history. I believe I've found the perfect girl. I'll organize a dinner date for you two at *Fran's Diner* for 6pm next Thursday." The officer spoke, given me the time for the next date. I had to comply. Fran's Diner is one of the places owned by the Dating Pool. It's a place for first time daters to meet, have a milkshake, and a burger. It's setup to be a 1950's diner. I sit in my booth sipping on my strawberry milkshake waiting for Ami to arrive. According to Ami's sheet I was given, she loves music, movies, reading, and television. Pretty much everything everyone likes but just with slight variations. She seemed as thrilling on paper as vanilla yogurt. "Oh god, please don't tell me you're David?" Ami spoke, sitting across from me. She appears to be a bit older than I am, maybe mid-twenties. Her hair is dyed red matching her red dress. "Yes, what's up?" I asked. "You look like you just got out of pre-school." She said with disgust, eyeing me. It's true, I've been 18 for a few years now. We seem to be out of each other's age range. Yet, I do like how forward and aggressive she is being with me. "Hey now, I'm 18. Besides, you're what? 26 or something. I wouldn't be bragging if I was you." I shot back. The dating pool has a high percentage rate for a reason. I loved her after our first meeting. After trading insults we decided to tell each other secrets to find out what exactly we had in common, and after two hours and three milkshakes each later we determined it was the fear of growing up. Yet, I wasn't scared of growing up as long as it was with her. ------------ Years passed, and I'm in my mid-twenties. I enjoy my time with Ami, it's like songs on the radio, *just like heaven*. She is smart, cheeky, and sarcastic. A great compliment to my personality. Ami is pushing 30 now, and I'm in my mid-twenties. I've been scared of growing up for years, and the last year I've been showing my age. I'm no longer young looking and I'm starting to grow a healthy beard. I'm growing up. That's when I thought about killing her tonight, so I can stop aging. One night in bed, after sex we're cuddling each other. I told her a secret. "I thought about killing you today." "Same here." She whispered back. **OOC** [BY POPULAR DEMAND A SEQUEL THAT WON'T LIVE UP TO THIS ONE](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/8pr271/wp_just_like_a_normal_person_you_all_age_until/e0eaviv/?st=ji83qfhk&sh=9bc6af9d) 