
They all stood on the deck of the submarine, staring up at the sight looking back at them. It had taken them a while to realize that anything was wrong - when you're underwater, a storm is a passing concern, of little note. Their research needed doing, and whatever waves roiled the surfacae above their heads was irrelevant. Each of the scientists was pinned to their display, continuing their analysis on the deepsea flora and fauna they'd come to examine. When the sensors began screaming their alarm, it had taken some time for them to even realize what was happening. Currents, it seemed, thrown horribly out of whack by whatever was going on up top. One after another they screamed their complaint, blown further and further off target from their subject matter, but nothing they did could stop it. After the waters finally calmed, giving them back some semblance of control, they'd paddled their way back up to the open air, and filed out for some much needed relief. And then they saw it. "Jess, you need to calm down." He said, his arm wrapped around her shoulders securely. She shook her head, eyes still wide and staring. Each breath came more ragged and gasping than the one before. "I-I don't know how you can *say* that. Damn it, Paul, I don't know how you can expect me to be calm when-" "Look, we don't know what's going on, all right?" He turned her to face him, tearing her eyes away from the heavens. "They're looking into it. But you falling apart right now helps *no one*." Across the narrow deck, Matt waved, catching his eye. Sighing, Paul shunted Jessica into the arms of one of her colleagues and strode over. "Damn it, Matt. What the hell is-" "It's all here, Paul." Matt said, his face white. Paul stopped. "Everything lines up right as it should. The oxygen density of the water. Salinity content. Hell, even the *stars* are all the same." Paul rubbed his face, exhausted. "But why *that*, then?" His finger stabbed up into the sky, pointing towards the two tiny, brightly glowing orbs in the sky. Two moons. The sight had sent half their team into dumbfounded silence - and the other half into hysterics. Those who could speak had theorized wildly, everything from group halluncinations to transdimensional storms carrying them to distant worlds as though this were some sort of science fiction novel. That, at least, they could rule out. By all indications, they were home. "Theia." Zack said, staring up at the sky a little ways off. The lot of them stopped, turning to him. "Excuse me?" Paul said, grabbing him by the arm. Zack's eyes snapped to him, finally. "Theia. Some scientists think that Earth was impacted by some other planet, some other *mass*. Some have theorized that originally, after the material all sprayed out into space...." He pointed up towards the sky. "We had two moons." Paul stared up at it, the thoughts churning wildly. It didn't make *sense*. "What the hell are you saying, Zack?" He shook his head, rubbing his face desperately. Each of them was running on fumes, in dire need of a good meal and a few hours sleep. They each knew that they weren't likely to get it. "I-I don't know. Maybe we're in the past? May-maybe it's some sort of, I don't know. Parallel dimension, where things didn't play out the same?" He shook his head. "Either way, Paul, we're not *home* anymore." Paul tried to ignore the pit opening up in his stomach. "But we're still on *Earth*." "...I-I think so." "You *think*." "Damn it, Paul, I don't have any more answers than you do." Zack spat, ripping his hand free of his face as he turned on the senior researcher. Paul raised his hands placatingly, realizing he'd pushed the man a bit too far. "Sorry. I'm sorry. I know. I'm just on edge too. I'm sorry." He sighed, looking back towards the rest of the team milling about. "All...all right. So here's what we do." He tried to plaster a confident facade onto his face. "If this is really Earth, then the land should be the same, right? At least, if this is...our time." He said, hating himself for even saying it out loud. He was a *scientist*, dammit. Not some sort of fiction writer. "So here's what we do. We go back to base. We see what's there. If it's *not* there, well..." "We'll know something is horribly wrong." Zack said softly. Paul nodded, turning towards the rest of his crew and opening his mouth. He had to take charge. They needed a leader, and he could be it. He could- Whatever he was about to say was cut off by Sam pounding her way up the ladder from the lower decks. "Paul!" She cried, her face bone-white. He caught her as she stumbled, but she only shook her head, already plowing onwards. "The- We had our sensors on still. Trying to figure out what the *hell* is going on. But something's *down* there, Paul." Her blue eyes were wide and terrified. "Something goddamn *big*. And we think it's coming this way." (/r/Inorai, critique always welcome!) Edit - Yes, I'm aware that stars drift in the sky over time, and if they were in the past the stars would be different. This is intentional. 