
*I walk through the valley of Shadow and Death.* It is dark, and the valley is littered with corpses. I should have been screaming, and perhaps I am, but I insupposed I am used to it. This is the fate of the damned, eternal rest - true death. True death. Despite the location I laugh at the thought. What is true death but the death of the soul? And what is the soul but the sum of a soul's hope, its dreams and aspirations. Yet here I was. I suppose that makes me a walking corpse. Footsteps. It is hard to tell whether it was human or otherwise. The corpses on the ground muffle the sound of the steps, but I can tell it is coming from one of the smaller valleys connecting to the larger one. *I fear no evil* I stood ready, quiet as a corpse. It had been stupid to laugh, to forget where I was, what I was. A target, alone. A meal to the things that wander the wastelands, a meal to the things the corpses themselves would become. Two shapes launch out of the crevice. I breathe a sigh of relief. They are people, so far. One is a boy, in his twenties most likely and a woman of around the same age. They are holding hands as they run. The relief evaporates when I see the hulking figure behind them. It is...grotesque. It is a hunk of meat with uneven fleshy legs, with bulging tumors that seem ready to burst. It has one long arm that it uses as leverage to make great leaps. As it got closer I see that the flesh was human. Human torsos jut out of the thing everywhere. There is no name for such a creature but horror. *My sword and my staff, they comfort me* Immediately, my hands find my sword in my right and my staff in my left. "Get down!" I shout, my voice booming across the valley. The couple hears me and falls to the ground, practically cuddling with the corpses that littered the ground - indistinguishable but for the rapid rise and fall of their backs. The horror of course, keeps coming. I slam my staff down and reach for power. I do not know where the power comes from. It used to come from faith, but I doubt I have faith anymore and the power still worked. Once, a fellow wandererer, never religious in the first place, was able to use it too. I like to think of it as resolve, a belief in men, rather than in God. But who knows? Regardless, bright light, though not quite pure, burst out of the staff in a beam, and hit the horror right through it's arm, severing it. The beast lets out a screech that pierces my ear drums and collapses. Without stopping I charge to it, an impure flame sheathing my blade. One of the human torsos reaches out and tries to grab me, but i kicked it, and the torso's spine snapped with sickening crack. I almost don't see the severed arm stump somehow jump towards me. Almost. But at the end moment I roll out the way and launch another blast of the staff at it - evaporating the arm completely. Then, finally, I ran up to horror and plunge my blade into what I hoped was its head. The whole body convulses, as if having a seizure. Another weak yowl erupts from the beast - and it is still. *I fear no evil, even if You are not with me* The couple comes to their feet behind me. I can't really make out features except for gender. They say something in a language I didn't quite understand - but the message was clear. It is a thanks. Then he stops and stares at my sword. I follow his gaze and see what he is looking at - a tiny cross embedded in the hilt. The couple takes a step back. They are suspicious, angry, resentful. Of course they are. They take me for a religious man, one who lives in comfort whereas they rot. The man says something to the woman and glares at me. They turn to leave. The woman apparently did speak some English, and says one last phrase before turning away and running with her partner. "God be with you," she says, and runs. Somehow the words seem like a curse rather than a blessing. I remember when I first found out the great secret. That the walls were not built to protect us from the evil, but also to keep out the non-believers. I remember the arguments with the higher ups, my resolve to go out to the public. We had a right to know. Those people out there deserved to at least have their story told. These kids deserve to have their story told. I remember the kidnapping in the dark, the swift excommunication on charges of heresy. The bitter laugh with which they had tossed me my sword and staff and wished me luck. And so I look to the couple, young, naive, afraid. Whose only fault was to be more rational than spiritual and I felt that same familiar anger rise up in me. When I spoke I finally, truly, severed ties. I am an exile no longer, but a willing one. "There is no God," I say to no one but the dead monstrosity, the corpses, and what is left of my soul. *** Due to popular demand, Part 2: [No Gods, Only Man](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/comments/7elkkd/dark_fantasy_no_gods_only_man_the_priest_of_man_2/) *** (minor edits: grammar, spelling, rephrasing, added in bit about milk) The italicized parts are modified versions of phrases in the Bible Thanks for reading (and the gold!) and if you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 