
"It is time." I said, my voice echoing throughout the chambers of the great atlantean hall. "For years they have struck at us. Taunting us. Belittling us with their weaponry." I gazed out at all of atlantean councilmen and council women gathered around me. "But no more." I said, my voice transcendant. "Today, we fight. We fight for what we have lost. We fight for our sea brothers slain. We fight for our honor spat upon." I paused, looking at my army, their eyes hopeful and angered. "We fight for Atlantis." Cheers broke out, the sound echoing upon the chamber. Thunderous applause followed shortly after. For five years we had endured assault after assault from the Landmen. How they knew our location, we did not know. We had lost thousands of seamen to their relentless barrage. Our attempts at peace had been ignored. Our fish messengers killed, then brutally eaten. No longer. I looked my head general in the eye. The one man who had been here for me through death and through life. Who would take a spear through the heart for me. I gave the command. "Commence upward movement." He nodded. It was time for Atlantis to rise, to come out of hiding. To show ourselves to the world, though this time not in a position of fear, but in a position of strength. After years of bombardment by the Landmen, it was time to strike back. Soon, we would be an city above the water. I had never been above ground. The stories say it was a cruel yet beautiful place, where creatures lived in constant balance. I would get to see it with my own eyes. I heard shouts of joy and bloodlust from my men. I smiled. These were fighting men, men who grew angry at honorless one sided attacks. The Landmen had once destroyed all Atlantis stood for, had once sought to wipe out Atlantis itself. The Atlanteans then had cowered, fearful, begging and pleading for mercy as each man, woman and child were cut down without hesitation. Finally, as a desperation attempt, the Atlanteans had fled. The Landmen thought they had killed all the Atlanteans, and so we were forgotten by both time and history, never to be seen again. Until now. The Landmen would pay. They would die. All of them. The city of Atlantis began to move towards the sky. *** Part two in two hours, soon as I get back from dinner! Stories and sequels at [r/ConlehWrites](https://www.reddit.com/r/ConlehWrites/)! [Part Two!](https://redd.it/6q93mj) 