
"***Wake up, human!***" I burrowed my face deeper into the pillow. The demon chanted something weird and warned me one last time to get out of bed, but I did my best to ignore it. It wasn't until an hour later that my body started itching. The fucker summoned bedbugs into my bed. He wanted me to wake up early so I could study before class, which would've been fine if he hadn't also made me study all night. Now I had bite marks all over my body. I don't even know why I had to take this class. Sure, it was a recommended elective that I needed to graduate, but the only reason we were given this course was so the university could pretend they cared about generating well-rounded individuals. Complete bullshit. The demon drank coffee in my kitchen, smiling. I rolled my eyes. He enjoyed this too much. I started fixing myself some breakfast when the demon said: "Are you sure you have time for that?" I looked at the wall clock. "I mean, I'll be a few minutes late, but-" The demon chuckled. I narrowed my eyes. "What are you planning?" "Nothing, nothing. It's just that I was looking over the syllabus and noticed that attendance was twenty percent of your grade." I heard deep, monstrous growls outside the apartment. Some creatures lurked outside. I couldn't dare look. "You wouldn't..." "Ahh don't worry; I only ordered them to chase you. It's not like you're in mortal danger." I swallowed. "So they won't hurt me?" The demon laughed. "I didn't say that." "I'm not doing this. I'll skip class if I have to." "Fine." The demon snapped his fingers. "Now there's ten of them." I widened my eyes. "Get to class on time," said the demon, "and they'll go away. Otherwise... Well, I hope you're okay with living like a hermit." I didn't have time to get dressed. As soon as I stepped outside, I was confronted by eldritch abominations far beyond description. Reality warped around their presence, with ichor oozing out of their many eyes and tendrils sprouting from their teeth. My mind froze, but I snapped out of my daze when they began to approach me. Apparently, running through a college town in pajamas isn't an unusual sight. Most people just shrugged at my desperation. They couldn't see the unholy creatures behind me. Thankfully, the bus stop was right around the corner. I was going to make it! Then I tripped. Something sticky clung to my leg, pulling me back. I clawed at the pavement until my fingers bled to break free. And, of course, the bus left moments before I could get on it. The creatures didn't care. I kept running as fast as I could but my stride began to waver. Someone screamed in the distance. Did they see the monsters? Nope. They were horrified at my appearance. Bite marks and bleeding fingers weren't an inviting look. Campus security started chasing after me too. They thought I was a lunatic running into the university. I tried to explain that I couldn't be late, but the abominations made it impossible to slow down. One of them even swallowed a guard whole. No one around him acknowledged it. I made it to the humanities department. The creatures followed me into the hallway. I started crying. A diploma wasn't worth this. Unfortunately, the only thing scarier than getting eaten were my student loans. When I made it to the classroom, the professor was seconds away from starting his lecture. I sighed in relief. The creatures didn't enter. I actually paid attention throughout the entire class, if only to distract myself from what just happened. When the professor finished, I walked up to him and said: "Umm... I made it right before the lecture started. Am I still late?" The professor made an apologetic smile. "Sorry, but if you weren't here when I called your name, then you were still late." "But... But I..." "It's the rules." "*Your* rules. You get to decide them!" The professor shrugged and I heard the creatures growling outside. Fuck. My. Life. ----------- >If your enjoyed this, you can check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories 