
Erica pulled the trigger. I stopped the shot before it fired. "You're an asshole," Erica said. She opened her eyes and stared straight at me. She should not be able to see me. I blinked and moved back. "Don't give me that," she whispered. She shuffled onto her feet and dropped her shotgun at her side. "I know you're here. I can *feel* you. It's just us." She was not meeting my eyes, her gaze landed on my chest. Erica was fire. It was the only reason she had survived this long. Former military, young - but not young enough to be stupid, and no family to hold her back. I found her last winter. She lived in a cave in the mountains, by the mouth of a brook with a bubbling hot spring only a half mile downstream. She did not need my help, at least not as much as the others. "I've felt you here before. Following me around," she sighed. Erica was cold today. Her eyes sunk into her skeletal face, framed by a broken halo of hair. Her left pinky and ring fingers were twisted and wrapped with blackened tape. This house did not suit her. "I've heard rumours about you. Saul told me he saw you last summer when he was sick. He said he was lying there, wishing for it to all be over, and then he felt a cool hand on his back. He told me he thought it was Death, finally here to take away the pain. But darkness didn't come. He could just *breathe* again, and walked away from his deathbed like it was only a head cold." Erica shuddered. The wind railed against the wall and blew through the shattered back window. "A few years back we were dropping like flies. All of us survivors - people who were smart and capable of living through the first wave - were just falling. Five years ago there were thousands of survivors. I could barely get through a small town without having to hide from looters. And then three years ago I didn't come across a single person in all of New York." Erica was ice. Her voice rattled in her throat. It was true, though. Even the survivors could not hold back the tides. I am the only one who can. "I don't think anyone's died since the winter before last." She was right. A year and a half ago I began to look for them and stood watch over the handful of survivors. I even guided them towards each other. A last hope for them. For me. "Saul said that you were Life. I don't think that's true. Life knows when to let go." Erica's head slumped forward. Her body shook with a sob. "I want to go." *No*. "Please," she whispered, "Just - just let me leave." --- /r/liswrites 