
*Earth*. It'd been a long time since I'd heard that name, and yet, here it was on the Reddit front page. Two and a half a million upvotes already, too. Man, do I know *shit* from history class. I knew it used to be our only home, of course; *everybody* knew that. Elementary school stuff, perhaps pre-kindergarten, even. I *didn't* know people still lived there, what with the radiation and all. I'd heard of a cleanup effort a few years back that discovered some hidden colony in Northern Asia that apparently never made it to the Great Exodus of 2276, sure, but weren't they de-conned and evacuated? I suppose not. The comments come pouring in, one after the other. For the most part, it is dumb shit like "How much is the gravity?" and "Does the moon look nice?" "*Poor bastard must be overwhelmed,*" I think to myself. Of course, I submit one too, using my full student access to Wikispace and Google++ to come up with a good question that hadn't already been asked or answered. "Why did you hide after the Resource Wars of 2264, 2267, and 2271, despite having no incentive to stay behind?" And for *some* reason, among the avalanche of thousands of questions, he answers mine. "We weren't invited." *What?* He had to be joking. Didn't all people get a pass if they could get to the ships? I commented back. "What do you mean? Please elaborate." He replied almost immediately. "I mean precisely what I said. We were not invited to the Exodus." The flow of other comments ground to a halt, and we were getting upvoted to the top of the thread. The upvotes on my two comments already surpassed my total karma, even after being on the site for three or four years. Holy shit. *Right*, I gotta reply. "How? According to Wikispace, all U.N member nations got over their differences and collaborated for the Exodus. *Everyone* was invited." There was a short pause. "No, they weren't. In your history classes, did you learn who the 'aggressors' were in the Resource Wars?" Smartass. *Everyone* learned that. *You* learned that. "Of course! The Russian Confederation, the Democratic Republic of Arabia, and the People's Marxist Union of East Asia launched offensive operations against their neighbors in 2264 and 2267, and then joined forces to fight against NATO, SEATO, and the Concordat of African States in 2271." "Okay. Now check the U.N database for a membership list as of 2275." *Okay, fine, asshole. I'll do what you want, screencap it, and send it, proving once and for all that you're full of...* They weren't there. "Why aren't they there?" "Isn't that a good question. *If I had to guess*, the United North American Republic government didn't like the idea of sharing the cosmos with their terrestrial rivals, and successfully lobbied against their membership. That way, they technically weren't leaving any nations behind. And you know what's really sad? I can't even say I *disagreed* with their decision, even though I'm a descendant of the survivors who got the short end of the stick." "Why is that?" "My great-great-great-great-great-grandfather followed his dying regime's final orders patriotically in some Siberian bunker, just as UNAR forces finally encircled the Kremlin after three long and bloody years of attrition. He pressed the red button. Many of his countrymen did not, in a futile attempt to spare the world from nuclear fire. But *enough* did." *Holy shit.* He replied to his own comment, continuing. "Oddly enough, the only people in East Russia who survived the NATO counter-bombardment were those who turned the world into glass, already hidden away in their bunkers--*my* ancestors. So when they walked out of the forests of Switzerland and submitted themselves to the remnants of human civilization, it didn't take long for the U.N to finalize the decision to leave them behind." "What about China?" "All Beijing saw were our nukes in the air, so they fired all of theirs, too. I was told their minor population centers fared a bit better, but nearly none of them made it across the radiation belts to Europe. Those who did arrived after us, and were allowed safe passage if and only if they could prove they weren't officials of the Communist Party." "They definitely did not teach us this in history class." "Why would they? For all you knew, all two hundred million remaining people on Earth got the golden ticket, and your governments got to walk away from the darkest, most brutal time in human history with a facade of moral righteousness, with the truth neatly hidden in the text of your history books." Jesus. This was... this was something else, the revelation of a lifetime. And they didn't even *lie* to us about it, they just hoped they wouldn't have to face it again. *Fuck*. I had to learn more. "What happened when the recovery team found you?" "The vast majority of my people decided to leave for the stars while the decontamination efforts are still underway. I decided to stay behind, with a few hundred others, to document my clan's branch of history and culture. Your government gave me a data pad and an entanglement modem to help do just that, so I've been learning English and exploring the Net, hoping to teach my brethren how to do the same. Someday we will start piecing together the Russian Archives in Old Moscow." ------ We slowly shifted from Reddit to DMs, and then to a video call, discussing everything we knew about our governments and historical records for hours and hours, until *Sasha* finally passed out fifteen hours in. I booked a trip to Sol the next day. 