
The room was filling with the fuzzy buzz of static, as if a hundred snakes were waking from a long sleep, only to find an intruder slumped on a chair in the center of their nest. A distorted voice cut through the hissing. "Adrian? Can --- hear --," it said, only to be replaced once more by the static. The man in the chair stirred, slowly opening his eyes. A spinning, blurry green screen stared back at him, filled with strange lines and dots. He tried to raise a hand to his throbbing temples, but his arms disobeyed him. He looked down to see that his both his legs and arms were strapped down tight to the chair. "What the fuck?" he whispered. He squinted - hoping to lessen the spinning - and looked around the room. *Why was it so dark?* The only light source in the room was from the broken monitor in front of him. He craned his head around - the room seemed empty, except for shadowy recesses in the walls - but he couldn't be sure without seeing behind him. "Adrian?" came the voice again. The distorted lines on the screen began to dance and whirl. "Wh- where am I?" Adrian asked the voice. "Thank God! You're alive!" There was something familiar about the voice, but Adrian couldn't quite place it. "Please," he begged, "where am I?" "Stay calm, Adrian. Take some ---- breaths. You're just a ---tle groggy right now, as the drug- --- just beginning to wear off." That accent... it was European. *German.* "*Professor Schneider?*" "Yes, Adrian. It's me," said the elderly engineer. "Where am I, Professor? What's going on?" "Adrian... this -- your exam." "What? My exam? Where the hell am I, Professor?" "Oh, Adrian my boy. I'm so sorry. But, we saw a lot of promise with you. **A lot**. NASA saw it too." "NASA?" he repeated, his heart racing in his throat. "Please don't tell me-" "You are -- a sat---lite orbiting Earth. It needed some basic repairs. We were going to wake you, release your straps and ---- ----. But something has gone wr--- You need to --- off the sta---- as soon -------  We're going to release your -----" "What? Did you say something went wrong? What went wrong, Professor?" Only the crackling of static answered his question. "Professor, *please?*" The straps around his wrists and feet loosened; he hurriedly pulled his limbs out from them. His body began drifting up into the air, a boat released from its anchor. He tried desperately to stop the bile rising up his throat, but he couldn't. It pirouetted out of his mouth, suffocating him until all the thick brown droplets were expelled, pelting against the ceiling. He wiped his mouth; at least he felt a little better now - the dizziness had mostly stopped. He placed a hand on the chair below him, and slowly spun himself around. There was a small doorway directly behind him. He aimed himself carefully, then pushed his feet off the chair and drifted like a dart in slow-motion through the portal. He floated through a long dark corridor, until he entered what looked like a control room, washed in a dim yellow glow. There was a dashboard flashing with a hundred red and green lights. Above the dashboard, a wide a view-port showed nothing but the empty blackness of space. "Oh shit," he said. He noticed the chair by the dashboard, and saw the strands of gray hair that hung over the back of it. There was someone there! "Hey," he said, relief washing over him, as he swam through the air toward the chair. "Hey, you have to help - Oh- oh shit! Professor?" Professor Schneider's skin was pale and his eyes and mouth were open wide. There was a look of terror on his face. He wasn't badly decomposed, but he was most certainly dead and had been for some time. "Ah, I take it you found my body, Adrian," came the professor's voice, drifting from the room behind him. "It's going to be okay, Adrian." --- I asked one of my favourite writers here (lilwa) to write part 2, and she agreed. It's posted below - I hope you enjoy it! 