
"What do you mean the stunt is not 'dangerous' enough?" "Look, I won't tell you how to do your job. But all I'm saying is that I'm what you would call a *specialist* in this field, and there are stunts in kids shows that are riskier than this." "Are you out of your mind?! What part of dangling from a cliff with no safety cables over a pit of rabid corgis isn't risky? Do you know the strings I had to pull just to get the insurance companies to let us go through with this? Do you know how ***hard*** it is to gather that many rabid corgis!? "Well, I was hoping for something more . . . creative . . ." "Creative? Look here. Finding creativity in Hollywood these days is like finding a truthful politician. They're a dime a dozen. "When I first joined this industry, I thought I'd finally be able to see the light at the end of the tunnel." "Why are you acting like you've seen this before? I did my research and this is an absolutely original idea!" "Yea, I guess you would think that . . ." "Why the hell do you look so disappointed? Where's the spunk you gave me when you first joined this company? "I may not look it, but I've been around the block for a while. A loooong while." "That's what all the kids like you say these days. Thinking they have wisdom beyond their years without the experience to back it up." "Look, I really do appreciate all that you've done for me. I truly do. But, I feel like there's something missing here." "So that's it, huh? You've executed every stunt flawlessly these past few years. I also can't say that I didn't notice your enthusiasm fade over time as well. So, what will you do next." "I'd still like to work in this kind business." "Of course you would. Well, if you won't be working for me, then at least let me recommend you to some of my trusted contacts. Think of it as a parting gift. "Really? Are you sure? I mean, I expected you to be a lot more pissed. "Look kid, I know what it's like to live your life searching for something. And I won't be the old fart that gets in your way. "Thank you, this means the world to me." "By the way, this buddy of mine is working on a new film. Says there's going to be, and I quote, 'sharks with frickin lasers on their frickin heads.' You interested? "Sounds promising. Definitely better than having rabid corgis." "Hahaha, very funny. Well, good luck out there. Hope to see you around." "Now, don't go hoping too much. I certainly want to get out of this industry *some* day--" 