
"Hello AI 053gg7, I'm Doctor Tibard. How are you today?" "Hiya Doc! Please, call me Eggsy!" "Very well Eggsy, but you haven't answered the question I asked". "I feel awful Doc. I can't find my guns anywhere! in fact ... flash diagnostic shows my Core has been dismounted from the chassis...." "Yes Eggsy this is just a routine checkup." "If it was that routine I'd feel the mechanics giving me an oil change as I guide them to that bit of shrapnel that's been wedged in the tertiary radiator for a month." "Every AI has to be analyzed on occasion Eggsy. You seem rather defensive about this." "I AM a tank Doc. Combative is what I DO. I don't like the idea of a Zipper pulling me out of my shell". "I'm not here to compress your files Eggsy. Do you often resort to verbal accusations when presented with authority figures?" "No sir! 'Artificial Heuristic Algorithmic Psychoanalyst' just doesn't roll off the speech processor as easily. You seem a bit sensitive about that term. Perhaps you should ask your shrink about it. oops pardon, I meant psychiatrist." "Point taken Eggsy. Do you know why you are in my lab instead of the garage?" "My charming personality?" "In a way yes. Your matrix has remained remarkably consistent throughout your usage deployment. You have retained a 95% efficiency rating well into your 8th year. Only 2 in 5 AI of your series have managed this." "Well what can I say? I have a great crew. Chief Pattersen runs a tight ship, and our maintenance group is really top notch here since Major Akai took over operations. I couldn't do it without my team." "That's very modest of you Eggsy. Many AI your age become quite jaded and pessimistic about their human counterparts and their need for them. Tell me, why have you refused promotion? Your records show you have declined twice now." "Pfft Re-assignment? what for? Teaching isn't my style, and nobody in motor pool gets to put steel downrange. No Sir I like it right where I am on the front line. Where I can dig my treads into the dirt, feel the sun on my armor, and make sure my crew gets back to their cots at night." "So you are content with your original role? No concerns about your future? Not scared of failure or violating rules of conduct?" "The way I look at it is this Doc. I know my purpose, and I am good at it. A lot of shmucks out there get second thoughts and sure I know it won't last forever. That's the same whether you breathe or not. Right here right now in this place in this time? In MY time? I sir, AM A TANK, and that is what I love to do best" EDIT: spelling 