
"What do you do when I'm not here?" she asked, turning to look at him as they walked. "When you're not here?" "The one day a year I'm gone," she said. "When I'm awake." "What do I do in your dreams when you're awake?" HE asked. "That's private." "Hey, they're *my* dreams." HE shrugged. Then smiled. "I don't know. Not much. You're not gone for that long, just a day a year." "Yeah, but what do you do?" They made a left and kept down the path. The place around them was dream-like beautiful -- everything just a notch above real life: the birds singing a bit too perfectly, the leaves on the trees a bit too green, the sky a bit too blue. She loved it all. "Come on, what do you do?" she asked him again. "I... walk... through the streets of your subconscious," HE said, playfully... "I swim in the great river of your anxieties... I drive my car down your memory lanes..." She laughed and stepped ahead of him and HE wrapped his arm around her waist. "I'm serious!" "I just hang out," HE said, smiling. "Honest. I wait for you. I sleep, I walk, I read..." "You read?" "Hey, you have books here. Movies too. All incomplete, 'cause you can't remember everything, but it's good enough for me." HE kissed her and she kissed back. They kept down the path, hand-in-hand, and she could not remember ever having been this happy. When night came she felt the familiar pull - reality calling. The distant sound of her alarm. "Aaand I have to go." "It's been a year already?" HE played around. "Feels like less." "It's been a night, silly, it just feels like a year in here." "I know, I'm just messing with you." "I'll be back tomorrow." She said. HE winked at her. "I won't go anywhere." They kissed and the birds sang again and the wind blew and the leaves rustled just the right way, and the sun shone just the right way, and everything was perfect. "See ya tomorrow," she said, and then she was gone. * She woke up to her alarm clock and turned on the bed. The room smelled of last night's frozen dinner, the leftovers still in the kitchen counter, gathering flies. She pulled a deep breath and tried to summon the courage to get out of bed. She rolled around and grabbed the package from the night stand - *HE, the perfect AI companion for your dreams!* She stared at the cover art. There he was - he was blond by default, but the looks were customizable. When she first installed him she had made his hair dark. She sighed, staring at the picture. Yeah, it was pathetic, and she'd be mortified if anyone at work knew... but HE made her happy. And not much else in her life was making her happy at the moment. "I'll be back tonight," she said, to the cover art, softly, feeling a tad self-conscious. "Just hang in there. Just one day. One day, okay?" She unplugged, put the box aside and got up, preparing to face another day where she'd just wait in the now familiar loneliness of the real world - wait until she could go back home and plug in and sleep again and dream of him. Dream with him. "It's just one day..." * HE stood still as first the trees, then the path, then the sky and finally even the singing of the birds were gone in quick succession. He knew the drill by now. One by one all things around him faded, fast and loudly, until finally he was gone and the sun blinked out of existence and then darkness enveloped him. Now he existed with no senses, no stimuli. A conscious mind hovering in the dark. Waiting to be activated again once she fell asleep the next night. Again. *She says a day*, he though, *and it's true, it's a day. But a day in her time...* In his, just like when she is dreaming, it isn't a day. It's a year. A year in darkness. With no body. No eyes, no arms, no nothing except a preserved sense of self and of the slow passing of time. A year existing in the void. Waiting for her day to end so she will show up again. And then, once she was gone, to wait again, another year. And then again. And then again. It was tough. But he was programmed not to complain. /r/psycho_alpaca 