
I sank down with my back against the door. The sound of ripping wallpaper and breaking furniture came from the other side. Blood trickled out of my arm from five distinct scratch marks. *'So, be wise and keep on reading the signs of my body.'* I looked at my scribbles and back at the video, my eyes widening. How come nobody had taken this warning to heart? "Honey?" I rose slowly, pencils tumbling and papers sailing to the floor. "Diana?" I found my wife in the living room, cross-legged on the floor with her new headphones clamped over her ears. I touched her shoulder gently, but she still jumped. She smiled and shook her blonde head. "What's up?" she said, letting the headphones encircle her neck. I could hear the music playing faintly in the background. *'...just killed a man. Put a gun against his head. Pulled my trigger, now he's dead. Mama... life had just begun... but now I've gone and thrown it all away.'* She always did like the classics. "You know that Shakira song...?" I said, hiding my arm behind my back "Ah that one!" she said sarcastically. "Sure, I do." "I'm serious, Dee!" "Sorry, I didn't know you like that kind of music. Which song are you talking about?" "The Hips Don't Lie one... I decoded it..." "What you mean 'you decoded it?'" "I, uhm, measured the movements of her hips in the video..." A frown appeared, and her eyes narrowed. "It's morse code," I said quickly. A loud thudding came from above. "You can watch what you want in your free time, George. You don't have to come up with excuses for it. Aren't we above that?" "Como se llama, Bonita: mi casa, su casa," I said in broken Spanish. "And?" "And, do you know what the code says?" She crossed her arms and sighed. "I have a feeling you're going to tell me." "I think I know what the Spanish in that song means..." "Anyone with a basic understanding of the language knows what it means." "Yeah, but I don't think the word 'casa' means 'home' in this case... or well it does, but not a home in the traditional sense." Something crashed above us, and we both flinched. "What's she doing up there?" "I... Listen, I think we need to call somebody." She put her hands on her hips. "What are you talking about? Is our daughter all right?" "I think I may have... I told her what the morse code said... and now... I think I might've released something..." "Released?" "Yeah... I think she's too young... something took over her." "What are you talking about? What did you tell her?" "I just repeated what the morse said: 'Daemones exterioris, intus venite. Hoc corpus domus vester est!' Which basically means--" The eyes of my wife rolled back into her head, and she started convulsing. She frothed at the mouth. The lights in the room exploded. She crab-walked across the floor and scaled the wall. She looked down at me, her eyes glowing red. I swore and started running. I had thought it just affected our daughter because she was young... I mean, how else would I have been fine? I slammed the door to the living room shut and barred it with a cabinet. What had I done? Both my wife and daughter, possessed by... I didn't even want to think about what those things were. I grabbed a kitchen knife, trying to figure out more of Shakira's warnings. I went through the song in my head once more. One line, in particular, stood out to me now... Oh, god, she had warned me again, but I hadn't listened -- I had thought that her hips lied. *'When you talk like that, you make a woman go mad.'* *** r/Lilwa_Dexel **Thanks for the gold!** 