
"You won't be able to stop me, evil Mr. Clownface," cried Jessica as she stumbled backward, the super vanilla cream pie splattered all over her face. "But, hahaha, you are wrong little girl, for I ClownFace, the Jester of Evil, have come to this city to steal," began the Clown. "Super Girly Transform," cried Jessica as her magical cat sparkles finally managed to locate the mystical power locket that contained the tears of the goddess. Clownface stepped backward to allow the transformation to occur as a geyser of blood shot forth from the ground from where a battleax had split the earth. The world screamed as Jessia grew nearly three feet in height, her Furinkin high school sweater replaced by solid greasy plates of armor. Finally, the blood began raining out in all directions as she stepped out of the wretched orgy of death. "I will break you," replied Grezelda, Mistress of Brutal Pain. "YOUR SMILES," screamed ClownFAce, "I'm trying to steal smiles here." "And I'm gonna stomp a mudhole in your ass," she replied, "WITH MY BOOT." ___ Jessica ran back into the school where all the children were sitting around quiet. She plopped down next to her best friends Brandy and Misty, "So I hear Clownface was here?" Misty started sobbing instantly, as did most of the rest of the class. The teacher was openly drinking scotch. "He's dead now," replied Brandy. "He's dead and so is my childhood." Shocked, Jessica looked at her classmates, "But he was trying to steal." "He was stealing smiles," stated Brandy, "Half the time he's so inept that he ruins his own plan and the other times, the other hero would just give a speech and he'd leave." "He won't be leaving now," sobbed Misty. "She's overreacting," said Jessica. "His head was in my book bag," she sobbed more. "Well," replied Jessica trying to change the subject, "That's a pretty red dress." "It was white this morning!" "What about the Ladybug guy," said Jessica changing the subject again. "All he did was make ladybugs crawl on you," said Misty, "Cute little ladybugs." "Well, he was a villain," continued Jessica. "Grezelda twisted him into a pretzel, legs don't go that way," said Brandy. "I'm haunted by those legs," said the Teacher. Jessica thought to herself, these guys don't think I'm trying hard enough. Next time I'll show them what I can really do! 