
There's something not quite right about Mary. She's fairly new to the neighborhood, but that dead-eyed grey gaze has left her, leaving something frightening in its place. I can't quite put my bony finger on it. And Husband doesn't seem to notice or care. But I see. I peer through the dusty, crumbling blinds day after day, keeping a single, bloodshot eye on our neighbor. In the middle of my spying, I see Husband shuffling toward our dilapidated house on the corner with the jagged picket fence, his big feet tromping across the brown and brittle grass. I smooth out my fraying, blackened dress and wait to greet him like a dutiful wife while the kids play in the living room. Before I might have made him a drink, served him a pot roast. Now there's only one thing that matters to any of us. I can smell it on him. It coats his molting, putrid flesh. The crimson stain around his mouth turns it into a disarming Kool-Aid grin. He's holding out on us. Gorging on whatever Life he can find and giving us the scraps. I give him an accusing glare, but I think he misinterprets it as hunger. The kids lift their noses to the ceiling and sniff the stale air, now tinged with that metallic smell of food. They lurch to their feet and shuffle over to greet him, all gangly white elbows and lank pigtails, scraped knees and maggots crawling in hollow cheeks. *Daddy's home!* They claw at his stained coveralls with their mangled fingers and snap with their yellow teeth. *Feed me. Feed me.* Hunger is the only language they know. They don't care for my dry kisses or empty, fumbling hugs. Husband shovels the brain and gore out of his pockets and they lap it up, smearing it all over their faces and arms. No table manners. They get that from him. Husband watches them with a proud dull look in his slate colored eyes, before he looks to me and offers up a choice piece of juicy pink brain. Still fresh, practically pulsing in his massive hand. He knows it's my favorite. Yet the emptiness in my distended stomach feels different this time. I totter past him and out the crooked front door. I stand in the yard, swaying in the light breeze, mouth slack, eyes staring into the sky. Day after day it's all the same. Stare into the empty eyes of my family. Eat, eat, and eat some more. Fill the pit that grows deeper and blacker each day. My eyes flick to Mary's house of their own accord. Day after day it's all the same. We're all the same. But not Mary. There's something not quite right about Mary. I see her looking at me from behind her curtains. She gives me a slight nod, that frightening look in her bright eyes pulling me forward, like I'm attached to an invisible tether. I stand undulating on her porch, waiting. I think I feel nervous. Excited. The air feels electric, but it could just be the storm coming. The grey clouds are rolling in, hiding the pale sun. The door creaks open. Maybe I should have brought some wine. The words of before linger on my decaying lips. *Welcome to the neighborhood!* No words come out though. Only a low moan. A plea for her to understand. To help. Mary is different. She's the flickering light at the bottom of the abyss. I know in the furthest, darkest reaches of my dimming brain that she can help me. Because Mary dares to Live. ------------------------------------------------ r/PhantomFiction 