
It was just another work day, I was standing around in the food section at Walmart, giving out free samples of some new paleo bacon, when some weirdo walked over and started scanning my samples with his smartphone. "Taking pictures for Instagram?" I asked. He looked up at me through his large glasses. "No, actually," he said. He held up his smartphone and pointed to some sort of small device plugged into the headphone jack. "This is actually the prototype of something I'm working on. It can detect mold and bacteria in food to make sure it's safe to eat." "Oh really?" I said, not sure if I was supposed to sound impressed or not. "What's it called?" He blushed slightly. "Well, its test name is currently the Super Sniffer 5000...." I snorted out loud. "Yeah, you're probably going to have to come up with a better name than that." "I know," he sighed. "I'm not that great at coming up with names." I thought he was going to be smooth and lead into a question asking for my name, but instead he looked back down at his phone. It was vibrating and giving off an annoying alarm, as if he was getting a call. He squinted in confusion. "What's wrong?" I asked. "I think there must be a bug or something." He shut off the alarm and held it over another slice of bacon. "Let me try this one." He waited a second, then the same alert and vibration came back, along with his perplexed expression. "Is there something wrong with my paleo bacon?" I asked. "You tell me," he said. He flipped his phone around and I read what was on the screen, flashing red in big, bold letters: "100% chance of catching ancient curse." I stifled a laugh. "Is this a joke?" "It shouldn't be," he said. "I worked with doctors to input all the data. It should be accurate." "And do you usually get 'ancient curse disease' when you scan things?" "No. I mean, sometimes you get e-coli or salmonella or whatever, but I've never even heard of this. What's in this bacon anyway?" I picked up a box of product and handed it to him. He flipped over to the back and started reading the ingredients and company history. "I mean," I said with a shrug, "it's paleo, right? It has to be good for you." He shook his head and held the back of the package up to me, pointing to the company history. "Read this." I looked it over. Something about valuing freshness, combating obesity, blah, blah, blah, then at the end, there was a paragraph that caught me eye. "Pete's Paleo Bacon is one-hundred percent paleo, even more than the competitors. At Pete's, we're not satisfied simply using ingredients that were available during ancient times, we follow an ancient cookbook discovered in a pit and faithfully translated. We prepare all our food products the exact same way they were done thousands of years ago, including all the necessary chants and sacrifices." I looked back at the man whose face was now white with terror. "I don't know how they cooked this bacon, but I'm guessing it involved something sinister." I glanced down at the bacon, then looked back up at him. I popped one of the free samples in my mouth, chewed, and swallowed. "Are you crazy?" he shouted. "That meat... it's cursed!" I shrugged. "Buddy, I work at Walmart. I'm already cursed." ***** This prompt was written with the help of chat at the [ScottWritesStuff](https://www.twitch.tv/scottwritesstuff/) Twitch stream. 