
Schizophrenia. Bi-polar disorder. Paranoid delusions. Whatever multi-syllable mental illness one could find in the American Manual of Mental Disorders, Stan had it. Though it didn't take a genius to diagnose him. He heard voices, telling him to do horrible things. At times, he thought he was invincible. And once for two weeks, he refused to poop due to the *invisible camera hidden inside his toilet*. So when Stan starting talking about suicide, it was just another of his many diagnosis. The psychiatrist prescribed him Celexa and a handful more sessions a week. "Aren't you worried about mixing drugs?" Stan asked. "Don't worry," his psychiatrist assured him. "We are very careful with our prescriptions." Stan raised an eyebrow. His list of prescriptions was longer than the Sunday grocery list for a family of five. "Just make sure you're taking your meds, on time and on schedule," the psychiatrist said, scratching into his notepad with a pen. "Don't skip any, especially not the Zyprexa." "How did you know that I'm skipping that one?" The psychiatrist shrugged. "Now I do." Stan opened his mouth to challenge his doctor. The shrink had said it with such certainty that there was no way he had only guessed. But that would only start another conversation they had already been through. Next thing he knew, it'd be two weeks later and he'd need a bottle of laxatives just to make a bowel movement. "Okay," he said. "I'll take them. Are we done?" He knew he was being rude, but it seemed that everybody in this place was rude. The cashier refused to make eye contact, the mailman slammed the newspapers into his front door, even the coffee shop barista never smiled at him. The psychiatrist nodded. No eye contact. No smile. "Remember, if you have any serious thoughts about hurting yourself, let me know. I can have you admitted somewhere." Everyone always told Stan that he was overreacting, that it was all in his head, but he had skipped his meds for two weeks now and never found more clarity. He wasn't schizophrenic. The voices were real. He wasn't bi-polar, he truly couldn't be killed by anyone other than himself. He wasn't paranoid, everybody here truly despised him. And most importantly, he wasn't suicidal. Two hours later and Stan would be dead. Well, not actually, but convincingly enough for the psychiatrist, the local hospital, and even the police department. --- The funeral took place a full two months after Stan's death. His parents had insisted that they find his body first, but eventually, they just went with burying an empty casket. They kept it closed so they could pretend that he was in there. It was probably just wishful thinking on their part. Stan had thought that it would be hard to sneak into his funeral. He had planned on only watching from afar, but then hundreds of people showed. He didn't have as many Facebook friends as the people at his funeral. And none of them dressed in black, instead, they all wore casual clothes--bright summer dresses, colorful blouses, even Hawaiian shirts! In the end, he did stick out like a sore thumb, but only because he was the only one dressed appropriate for a funeral. He kept his hat low and sat in a chair as the rest of the people conversed. Finally, the psychiatrist got up on the podium. "We did it," the psychiatrist said. "The experiment is over. All participants may return to their posts." With a small pause, he yelled. "We can go home!" Everybody erupted in cheers. Everyone except Stan. "Way to go Steve!" an attendee hooted. "Steve!?" Stan yelled. He stood up, knocking his chair over. The funeral grounds silenced. Everyone turned toward him. The blood drained from their faces. Stan scanned the crowd. Only now did he realize that none of these people had names. There was the mailman, the cashier, the coffee shop barista, the psychiatrist... the list went on. Even mother and father were simply mom and dad. Nobody had names in this place. And that was the trick. He finally remembered past the haze of three years' worth of mixing drugs. His name wasn't Stan, it was Satan. 