
Only a year ago, I would have killed the woman with a bulldozer. She would have slipped on loose rock, hardhat skittering, and let out a piercing scream. That would have ended her fairly quickly, though. There's a chance I'd have chosen something slower. Trapped in a freezer maybe. Or kidnapped and tortured. That's the thing I loved about my old job. I could get so creative. Starvation used to be a wildcard. Something only used in the less affluent nooks and crannies. Every so often, I'd toss in a doozie, like a pack of malnourished children in the heart of the suburbs. People were always so astonished at what I could slip right under their nose. Now starvation is everywhere. If only I could stop it. Human life is in the single digits now. Without them I am lost. Somewhere in all the ash, the woman stumbles atop shaky legs. Up ahead lies a gas station. If there's no food inside, she'll die. I can tell she's thinking of her dead husband. She gets these sort of hiccups each time before she cries. "Please," she croaks, hand outstretched towards the doorway. "Please give me strength." She's not talking to me really, but I feel the need to whisper. "I've told you my secret," I say, though she won't hear. "You have to hold on." My secret is this: I was just a conductor. I stood before Death, atop an ethereal pedestal. Together we played symphonies. I basked in the music as we ferried mortal souls. But now Death's music plays on even though I've cast aside my little wand. It sounds to me like a timer. The woman is three paces from the doors when she gasps. She screws up her lips in pain. If I had adrenaline to pump, it would course through my veins. I sweep low to place a bony hand on her pregnant belly. "My turn to beg," I say. "Please just a little longer." When I was myself, I'd have been near giddy with glee. Pregnancy was an endless well of opportunity. It could go awry in innumerable ways. Now, the thought terrifies me. I've even considered praying. Onward she stumbles, with me urging from behind. She can barely open the doors. She has become so weak. "A little further now," I say. "For all our sakes." Across the mountains lives another group. I know them well, for they've been whittled down to two: a grisled man and his son. I've pointed them this direction. Really, they're our only hope. That, and the baby being a girl. I'd have never thought to imagine it: running short of all options. Words fall short when the woman finds a bag of saltines. She crumbles them in her mouth, closing her eyes, sucking the stale salt and grain. They will make her thirsty soon. But for now they are welcome. How ironic, then, that at that moment her water breaks. She gasps in surprise. She runs trembling fingers through the muck. When the contractions start, I tell her she can do this. She shrieks out in agony, and I tell her she *must*. I'm there for each dreadful push, my old purpose flipped on its head. A smear of crimson blood would fill me with despair. Gasps of pain feel like electricity. When the baby is born, the woman is crying. For a dreadful moment, it's the only sound. She holds the tiny thing up, inconsolable with emotion. Then, sure enough, the baby bursts into tears. We'll need to feed it soon. And the others will need to survive the mountain. But for now, I enjoy the moment. A symphony of tears. After a time, the woman holds the baby close and sings a raspy lullaby. Her poor throat is croaky, completely off key. I find it absolutely gorgeous. "Sweet baby girl," she sings. Chock full of possibilities. --------------- r/M0Zark 