
"One request," the boy said. He couldn't have been over sixteen. "What do you mean, one request?" I asked, genuinely confused. Over the thousand years I had been a Genie, I had never had someone refuse to use all three wishes. "I only wish to relive one experience," he said, his voice solemn. "So it shall be," I responded, completely intrigued. "Young master, what is your wish?" "September 5th, 2004. Six-Thirty in the evening," he said, his voice quavering slightly. I nodded, drawing upon the energy from the shimmering air around me, and created a bubble. I watched the scene unfold. A boy sat on the ground, laughing with joy, his small fingers barely able to grasp the large gamecube controller. On screen, a small kirby danced around, barely avoiding a slash from Marth's sword. The kid laughed again, exclaiming in joy as Marth's character went flying offscreen. A knock on the front door. The boy jumped up, his game momentarily forgotten as he ran to the door in the hopes that whoever it was had brought presents with them. He opened to door, surprised and happy to see his dad walk into the room. But his dad wasn't happy. His expression wasn't happy, but dark. The boy was scared. "Martha, what the hell is this?" his dad yelled, the tone of his voice unlike anything the boy had ever heard before. The dad knelt down, kneeling beside the boy, a firm hand on his shoulder. His eyes were kind, as they always were when he looked at his son. "Theo, buddy. I'm going to need you to go to your room. I need to talk to your mom in private. I love you buddy," he said. The boy nodded, pretending to run back to his video game. He stopped at the corner, peering around the to watch his father. "Who the hell is here, Martha?" his dad asked again. A door upstairs opened, and two sets of footsteps shuffled towards the staircase. One was a lot louder than the other. The two people reached the bottom of the stairs. One was the boy's mom, Martha, and the other was a large man with a cotton shirt. There was something in his pocket. "Jake Fowler. I fucking knew it! Fuck you Martha! How could you do this? To me, to Theo!" his dad was screaming now, using words Theo had never heard before. His mom was crying, tears cascading to the ground as she stood in-between the two men. The man wearing the cotton shirt was not screaming nor crying, instead, he reached into his pocked, his expression dark and angry. He pulled out a gun, pointing it at Theo's dad. "Leave, you worthless fuck," he said, turning to Martha. "Tell him, Martha. Tell him you love me more than you ever loved him. Tell him how useless he is. Tell him!" "No." Her response was barely audibly over her sobs, but the cotton shirt man heard it. His eyes went ablaze with fury, and he turned to Martha, pointing his gun at her. "What did you say? Tell him you love me more. Tell him!" he demanded. This time, no words came out. All she could manage to do was to shake her head no. A gun cocks, then fires. The boy screams as his mother falls to the ground, her sobbing finally stopped. The dad screams and lunges forward, grasping the gun as he hits the ground. He turns, moments before the cotton shirt man is upon him, then fires. Once, twice, thrice. The cotton shirt man hits the ground, stained in red. The boy runs to his father, crying. The father holds him, a broken look in his eyes, but his eyes not yet devoid of love as he continues to look at his son. He is crying too now, and as flashes of red and blue arrive from outside the windows, he speaks to his son. "I love you, Theo. No matter what, I love you," he puts the crying boy down, getting up to meet the police officers. They handcuff him, taking him away to a police car. The boy is taken away too, given candy and games. He barely hears a few words spoken too loudly by an officer. "A double murder. Caught his wife with this man, killed em' both." The air ripples, as the vision is ripped apart, the dusty room with a teenager and a lamp returning. I looked at the boy, and saw tears running down his face. He nods at me, causing a tear to fall from his face. "It's true then. He was telling me the truth," Theo said through his tears. "He really didn't do it." *** [More stories at my sub, ConlehWrites!](https://www.reddit.com/r/ConlehWrites/) Whoever guilded me for this, thank you so much. I've never been guilded for my writing before, so it means a LOT that you would spend money to send me gold. Thank you so much. To any comments I haven't responded to I've been out a lot and anytime I'm at my computer I'm responding!! Thanks for reading guys. 