
I yawned, stretched, and debated over what to do today. The sun would be out until 1, at which point it would rain for the rest of the day, so there was the possibility of a quick picnic. Or maybe I could go tell my boss to shove it where the sun don't shine, that was always fun. I rolled ungracefully out of bed, *thump* on the carpetting two inches below, and rolled over to my closet. Not for the first time, I wondered if this repetition was driving me a little insane. I'm pretty sure I was at day 460, or 472, or was it 589... No, can't dwell on it. What was I saying? Oh yes, the red dress or the blue skirt today... Bleh. Boring. I'd worn these day after day. Since no one would remember what happened today anyway, I might as well just walk around in... I glanced around my room. That bedspread was kind of cute, in a cozy way. At least, I couldn't go around naked. I had tried that for one of these Wednesday the 5th of Septembers (the time when I think I genuinly lost it), and it got interesting... weird... mixed results. Bedspread then. And I'll stop by the Chateau on Main Street, use my now-basically-limitless credit card and walk around in haute couture for the rest of the day. On my way out of the building, Henry the postman stopped to stare at me. "You alright, there, miss Vanessa?" he asked. I smiled at him. He was always polite, even after that Wednesday where I stole his van. "Oh, never felt better!" I called over my shoulder as I walked on. "You're forgetting why you're here..." I thought I heard him say. I spun around. "What?" "What?" "You said something, didn't you?" "No ma'am. Must be someone's tv." He dropped today's letters (5 bills, 1 credit card application, 2 actual letters, and 7 advertisements for chinese-pizza-burgers) in my apartement building's mailbox. He tipped his hat. "Be safe out there." I nodded in acknowledgement, intending to be exactly the opposite. These strange events were becoming more and more frequent. At first, it was exactly like groundhog day; predictable events that always happened the exact same way. I had repeated my boss's words to his face when he told me I was fired, maybe 4 times. Then I just skipped because why waste a repeat day by going to work. I'd avoided falling ladders, got all the good free samples being handed out, and now I can walk through traffic with my eyes closed because I know here every car will be. My actions never had some weird butterfly effect; only the people I interacted with ever reacted to my behaviour. But, lately... "Watch out for that car, miss," someone called to me from across the street. The same red car that always passes at this time zipped by me, barely winging the edge of my blanket. I looked closely at him. He looked familiar, but I don't remember him being there before... "Even with a bedspread, you can't go around like you're sleepwalking. Keep your eyes open," he added. After getting my hair done and donning the most expensive evening dress that I could find, I went to Starbucks for my usual cup of coffee with extra caramel sauce. The barrista's eyes practically bugged out of her head when she saw me flounce in, tugging on my evening gloves. I smiled charmingly. "I'll have my usual, please," I said. She stuttered out, "and... um.. what would your, uh, usual be?" I forgot hat was an inside joke for me now. "Caramel machiato, grande, extra whipped cream and caramel." "I guess to really wake you up, right?" she said while typing in the order. What a stange thing to say at nearly noon... "...Yeah." I answered. The coffee *did* wake me up, and then some; as I walked down Main Street I started to get jittery. The sun was still in view but those clouds were starting to get ominous, like they always did at this time, but why was I so apprehensive about it? I guess the idea distracted me, because I felt someone bump into me. "Hey, keep your eyes open, lady!" the person shouted as he walked on. Why was that familiar... A car zoomed by while I tried to cross the street, almost hitting me. A red car... That wasn't right, there are only blue and green ones on this road around noon... "Wake up, sheeple!" a radio announcer screamed from the convenience store. The rain started coming down just then, meaning it was later than I thought, and suddenly I felt like I had to run, and.... "Hey, watch out!" ---- Beeping. The smell of overly-clean sheets and something like bleach. My eyes barely opened, they felt so crusted over. My arms were slow to rise to wipe them clean. I heard rusling beside me. "Vanessa? Vanessa!" Someone grabbed me in a tight hug and started sobbing. I held on. "Mom?" I managed to croak out. "What happened?" "Oh, my sweet girl, you finally came back to us, the doctor said you wouldn't after all this time but I knew, I just knew you'd wake up..." Then I remembered. The red car, the man shouting at me to watch out... and the people in my dream, trying to tell me to wake up. My mom's voice had reached me after all this time. --- *Edit: Spelling. And to say thank you to everyone who read this! :) Edit 2: Some of you seem upset with the current ending, so I'll try to rewrite it from the point after her conversation with the mailman and I'll leave it in the comments. I can't garantee that it'll be great, or up quickly, but I'll try. Edit 3: a new ending is up! Look for the comment starting with *previously* 