
I sat at the table, eating my curds and whey. My golden retriever, Rex, wagged his tail and held up a paw. He whined once. "Yes, rex?" He nudged his food bowl. "I've already fed you today." "Master, please? I'm a good boy," Rex said. I sighed. He was a very good boy--the best of boys! Of course, he deserved a treat or a belly rub or a head pat. He was unconditionally the most gentle and well-manned pup I had ever seen in my entire existence. It got a bit annoying. Sometimes I wished he chased his own tail or barked at squirrels. The future is weird. They have talking dogs here. Or rather--they thought I had talking dogs back then. You see, it's been around three-thousand years since my time on earth, and a lot has changed. For one, dogs can talk. Second, I'm quite sure this neighborhood is actually inside a giant space station. And finally, there's the deal with the 'supervisors' who run the place. They think I'm some angsty teen from historically low-grade romance novels. I tried telling them to let me walk around and explore on my own. It didn't go over well. I'm stuck in what I believe to be a hologram room, trying to "adjust" as they slowly integrate their modern technology. They picked a mid-2000's era home and neighborhood for the backdrop. It's weird. For one, hot water is always ready. Always. I just flip the sink or the shower and *sizzle!* Near-boiling water every time. It doesn't have the weird chemical taste of city water or the lingering mineral taste of well-water. Its just pure, filtered water, probably reverse osmosis or whatever they use out here in space. Actually--backing up--the funniest part of all this is that they assume I can afford a house to begin with. Are you kidding me? Quartz countertops? A split-rail fence? A riding lawnmower? There's no way on God's green earth I could pay for this. It's surreal. I *do* have a job. It starts at ten-o-clock and ends promptly at five. I never have to stay late or work overtime. My manager/actor/possibly-robot-android Kyle is warm and friendly. He basically does whatever I tell him, and he gets all upset and confused when I explain how things are different. "We don't actually have fully stocked vending machines. That never happens." "Oh," he said. "I'm sorry." My job is quite simple: I review alien products. It's like those old survey jobs, where companies send you free samples to try and give an honest review, except this time I'm in the future and everything is more chrome. *Laser hair remover. 8/10. It removes all the hair you want with a thought. Concentrate on what you want your hair to be like, and BAM! There it is. Even gets the unsavory bits. Lost two stars because the handle feels flimsy.* *Hot-Tea summoner. 7/10. It makes any possible combination of tea instantly. Millions of herbs and spices from around the galaxy. Create your own recipe, import popular ones, and store your favorite recipes in a large recipe book. Best part? The AI that learns your flavor preferences over time. Water gets too hot.* *Hottie summoner. 10/10.* ( deg ? deg) *Tiger Woods PGA Tour INFINITE. 6/10. The virtual reality machine transported me into Tiger Woods body and let me play golf on some of the most stunning landscapes around the galaxy. The physics are flawless and the exertion I feel is completely realistic, but I suck at golf, so I wish the difficulty was a bit lower.* My manager says I'll be up for promotion in a year. I think that's his way of saying I can get out of this dreamscape and start living in the real world again. I'm not sure how I feel about it, to be honest. I have an idyllic life here, that's for sure. But it's almost too pure, too perfect. Where's the rick? Where's the struggle? That's an important part of being human this life doesn't capture and probably never will. The talking dog is nice though; he brings me the newspaper. &#x200B; *** r/BLT_WITH_RANCH 