
"Any moment now." I had thought to myself. The brightest minds in the world couldn't have possibly just, you know, left me here in this state like that one frozen bag of peas you never eat that gets left in the back of the freezer. At any moment I was waiting for that curious janitor who always peered into my human popsicle tube, to look into my eyes and maybe just maybe see there was something staring back. Sadly, there were many janitors that went by. Oh god the craziest things you'd see. First one guy had those ridiculous gauges you'd see on people in those chain coffee shops with crappy WiFi. Then maybe 40 years after I stopped seeing a human face, which is a shame because I had started to make it a hobby to see how far he'd come to regret that choice of putting acorn sized holes in his ears. Instead of that janitor with interesting body modifications, I was met with a robot face of sorts. Actually it wasn't much of a face if I could remember right, but then again not much else to remember in this ice box. He was caked in some obscenely neon green colour paint, with small rectangular slits for "eyes" and LEDs for eyebrows. Good god those eyebrows were entertaining. At one point, maybe a whole year, I was hoping that one day I'd see some code monkeys cruel joke to program a 1:100th chance for a uni-brow to appear instead of what qualified for two normal eyebrows. Satisfyingly enough it did happen. 37 times to be exact. Anyway uni-brow robot was pretty diligent with his work, as expected. He'd come in the room, sweep a bit, clean the glass window on my tube, and then walk straight out. Took him on average around 1 minute and 7 seconds, but what would I know, not like I had a knack for keeping time anymore. Actually, maybe it wasn't 40 years ago that that hole-y ear bro had left and been replaced by uni-brow bot. Perhaps it was 100? Well that doesn't matter. What does matter is, that one day, after a very consistent pattern of folks coming into my room to clean the place or occasionally stare at me like some hipster art gallery full of frozen people, everything just up and stopped. No lights flicking on, no robot, no people, just the usual despairing hymn of my ice box perpetually freezing me. Well at this point time passed by oddly and, well, I was no smart man when I was out of the freezer, but it didn't take a psychologist to tell me I was going insane. At first it felt like playing Pokemon for the first time and running into that cave full of zubats, only I was actually seeing zubats. Good god the amount of zubats. Then, nothing, I went blank. Kinda just stopped thinking in a sense. Then out of nowhere I thought about something peculiar. Why had they just left my eyes open when I was put in this box. Cause you know, the smartest people in the world don't sleep with their eyes open right? That'd just be unsettling. Wouldn't someone have an irresistible urge to just have me close my eyes? Probably many years later, I had a better thought. What if when the timer ticked off at 500 years and when I was released from this prison, that I could make a badass cult. Cause I mean who wouldn't want to follow under some being who's lived for generations? I was literally some sweaty nerds wet dream original character, a being who's lived hundreds of years, ooo. Why are they ignoring me? Another interesting thought came to mind. They froze me first instead of testing this technology on an animal. Did I have animal rights activists to thank for this? It's getting to be a long time now. Yet I can't really sleep, instead I just daze into random spurts of crazy escapades of made up stories. Infact I'm convinced I'm a comic book character, except the reader hasn't turned the page yet. Then lights. Oh what would I say, I gleamed, I thought about of all the cool things to say if I was even woken up. "Just another minute 'ma." Or maybe "this is not what I meant by Netflix and chill". Actually was I seeing lights anymore? Maybe I was hallucinating. Well turns out I wasn't. A nerdy looking guy walked into the room where I was held. He was was quite short, and albeit less handsome looking with a very unkempt beard. Regardless I had come to the conclusion he is to be named Jerry. Jerry didn't do much. Just peer into my tube, Say "huh" alot and look at some computer terminal nearby. He had a habit of breathing out of his mouth. This went on for years. Anyway one day Jerry comes in with a party hat, a champagne glass, and a bunch of confetti in his hands. It was time? Already? It's been 500 years? No way. A violent hiss encased around my body as pins and needles punctured every bit of my flesh, even my eyes felt like some lunatic was putting thumb tacks into my retinas. I'm free at last. My heart felt like it was gonna give out at any point, as I saw Jerrys god awful shit eating grin, as he threw confetti in the air. "Happy 500 year nap" said Jerry in an incredibly high pitched crackly voice. I went to move my body, but nothing moved. I went to speak, but nothing came out. The lights started to get brighter and brighter. Then nothing. I came to the realization there was no Jerry there. That scene never happened, it was just another hallucination. I'm just here again, stuck in this box. They've forgotten me haven't they? 