
"You brought a knife to a gunfight?" My opponent says, before he burst into laughter. "Haven't you ever heard the old saying." "I have." I respond. "But tonight I'm going to prove it wrong. " I brandished my knife, causing my opponent to point his gun at me. I rotated my knife. If I can get it in just the right position... I saw the glint on the knife. Nodding, I gave it a few more rotations... "AUGH YOU BASTARD IT'S SHINING IN MY EYE!" Shouts my opponent. Using the distraction, I run up to him, and slash his hand with the knife, causing him to drop the gun, which I pick up and point at him. "Augh... fuck... alright, fine. Lane 5 at the bowling alley is yours." ----------- "You brought a pen to a swordfight?" My opponent says, before he burst into laughter. "Haven't you ever heard the old saying?" "You mean... that the pen is mightier than the sword." I respond. "Oh, right. Well... I think it's more of a metaphor for the power of speech than actual advice on what to bring to a fight." "Oh yeah?" I responded, before I reached over to my shirt pocket, where I kept my pen. I clicked it. Then I clicked it again. And again, and again, and again, and again. "STOP CLICKING THAT PEN! IT'S DRIVING MY CRAZY!" My opponent shouts. "What's the matter, can't handle the clicking?" I respond between clicks. "Well you can't draw your sword on me. I haven't drawn my weapon yet, and it would be dishonorable to strike at an unarmed opponent." "ALRIGHT! FINE! YOU WIN! I'll do the dishes tonight." ------------ "You brought a cat to a dog fight?" My opponent said, before he burst into laughter. "Haven't you ever heard the old saying?" "Uhh... no?" I respond. "I don't think there is a saying about bringing cats to a dog fight." "Well... uhh... REGARDLESS! My dog is going to tear your cat apart!" "We'll see about that." I said, as we both set our pets down in the arena. The dog bounded around happily for a few moments, before it decided to chase its own tail. Meanwhile my cat just sat there, giving me a look that seemed to suggest it only barely tolerated tonight's antics and I was expected to pay restitutions later today. "I guess that didn't really work out how we thought it work." My opponent said. "So... should we call it a draw?" I shook my head and reached for my pen again. ------------- For more crappy stories like this one, don't go to /r/zigman32writes. Seriously, I never post anything there. Edit: fixed some spelling errors. 