
White hair. Blue eyes. Male. The only description of a newborn baby kidnapped thirty years ago. A description over 100 million babies on the planet fit the criteria of, with 99% of them growing out of it by their teens. Hell, Riley had white hair once if his mother was telling the truth. Leaning back in his chair Riley Strummond, looked into the mirror near his desk. Impeccably dressed in a suede suit, khaki pants, and jet black hair without a single hair astray, The "Daper Detective" as his mother liked to call him. Riley smiled at his mother's description. He leaned forward again and glanced out the window of his office on the outskirts of New York and then turned over the file in his hand. A picture. A medical bill. This was the only concrete evidence he had. And of course one more thing was close at hand yet far away, a fortune blocked behind genetics. 50 grand. all the money he would need for the wedding his fiance Vale planned for this October. Plus even a little left over for the rest of the year. Of course he could use the money to advertise his detective agency and improve his business, but Vale would not allow that. He only had around 60 thousand saved up, but was afraid to tell Vale that. Sometimes he listened in on her phone calls at night, chatting to Marguerite about some asinine detail she still had to plan out. "Only three hundred guests? Doesn't he know the rules? The bride gets to have as many people as she wants! It's YOUR day after all Vale!" "I know can you believe it? I suggested not inviting some of his friends, but he wouldn't have it! He even wanted to invite Bucky that man who owns the restaurant we always eat at. How selfish could he be? I have way more friends than he does, and the invites should reflect it!" Riley grimaced at the memory. Bucky worked for Danny's Dinner for over 40 years and loved to play pranks on the couple. One time Bucky even insisted on being payed in Monopoly money, and pretended to be abject when Riley did not have any. Thankfully, Bucky let Riley off the hook in exchange for information. Bucky wanted Riley to put out word to his 'sharp eyed detective friends' to look for his cat Sylvan. She went outside last week and Bucky had not seen her since. Of course Riley laughed and promised to tell his colleagues and sure enough his coworkers found the cat within 24 hours. Vale, blushing at the unwanted attention from the other customers when Bucky yelled at Riley quickly pulled him out of Danny's. "You embarrassed me and yourself back there don't you know?" She squealed red in the face, "Next time tell Bucky to stop messing around and look for his own damn cat!" Riley turned back to the hospital records and looked for an address; he found it smudged near the bottom of the page 734 Sandy Creek Road. That was near his old house, what a coincidence. Riley slowly rose from his chair and grabbed his jacket off the rack and checked his pocket for his keys. All accounted for. He went down the stairs and unlocked his car door. A 2006 Chevy Escapade was all he could afford right now, Vale had a 2016 Ford Hybrid, but as she said: "do you want me looking like a redneck hick driving around town?" He cranked up the car and thought about why he was even with Vale in the first place. *Wait a minute I know!* chuckled a snide voice in his head, *it's because of your childhood, bullied, left in the foster car system in the 1st grade due to a tragic car accident. Poor old Riley, didn't have a friend in the world did you?* When Riley turned 18 he moved to a small apartment above a department store and finally met Vale. She wasn't perfect, not even close, but filled a void in his life. Of course sometimes he wondered if her constant spending nagging and belittling was actually expanding, rather than destroying the void. Of course, the behavior always comes from somewhere. Riley imagined Vale's came from her alcoholic and narcissistic mother. Lilly was an abusive and controlling mother, but thankfully died earlier this year. He drove along the road to a nondescript hospital and asked the staff on hand for a file on a certain name and said he had authority from the deceased's estate. "Of course! The one twin that went missing 30 years ago, Riley Brown." 'Uhh did you say twins?" Riley furrowed his brow and followed up with another question, "and you said Riley?" "Of course Riley Brown and Vale Brown! If you ask me I feel lucky for the one stolen, no need to grow up with that awful Lilly?" The nurse quipped Riley's heart stopped and the color drained from his face. 'Are you ok?" The nurse looked worried "Yes, I'm fine" Riley said bemused. "I just need to go collect some money and talk to someone thank you for your time." With that, Riley headed outside and to his car and actually felt a twinge of happiness for the first time in quite a while. Turning the car on, Riley silently thought *Let's hope I can still return that Hybrid* 