
"You know, most people say I look great for my age." I looked up from my coffee at Anna. Her hair was long and pure black, her perfect face blank of any wrinkle or scar. At first glance, she didn't look any more than twenty five, if not for her eyes. They were a soft hazel that glinted with the wisdom of her years. I smiled wryly. "Hmm. And how old are you, exactly?" "So blunt," she laughed. "But if you must know, I'm about..." She tilted her head thoughtfully. "12,000 years old? One tends to lose track of time." I suddenly coughed on my coffee and Anna slapped my back. "12,000?" I repeated weakly, wiping the hot liquid from my mouth. "That's like, what? The Ice Age? Since the mammoths?" I looked at her in awe. "My god, you're like a mammoth!" The words escaped my mouth before I could control my tongue. Anna's lips twitched into a slight frown, and I looked down. Suddenly the pattern on the tablecloth seemed very interesting. "What did you just call me?" Her words were dangerously soft. She reached across the table and put a finger under my chin, tilting my face up so that our eyes met. "A mammoth," I repeated, without thinking. She flicked me on the forehead, hard. I winced. "You didn't let me finish!" I complained. "Oh I'm sorry, did you have more to add to that?" Her voice was like a knife. I rubbed my forehead, sure that I could feel a bruise forming there. "I meant that if you were a mammoth, you'd be a pretty one. The most beautiful mammoth of all time." I flashed her my most charming smile. She stared at me for a second, and I stared back, my smile frozen on my lips. Another second or two passed, and she couldn't maintain her hard expression. A loud, musical laugh escaped her lips. "God, you are such an idiot." She rolled her eyes, but I could still see a trace of mirth in them. "Tell me, how many successful dates have you been on?" "Does this one count?" I grabbed her hand in both of mine. "Hardly," she said, blowing at a wisp of hair that had fallen across her cheek. She pulled her hand away. I studied her for a second, and felt a wicked smile slowly slip across my face. "What?" she snapped. "Don't make me smack you again." I reached out and ran my fingers through her hair. "What are you..." she began. I held a handful of her hair in front of her, and her eyes widened. Her trembling fingers slipped on her cup of coffee, and it tumbled over, pooling across the table. She hardly seemed to notice. Her attention was on a single strand of hair, brilliant silver in the sea of black. "I disagree." I met her eyes and smiled. "I think this was a very successful date." She put one hand to her mouth, standing up so fast her chair rocked back on its legs. "I- I have to go," she said, turning away quickly. "I'm really sorry." She pulled her purse over her shoulder. "Aw, I'll see you later then?" I grinned, and she blushed furiously. "Thanks for the coffee," she mumbled. I leaned back and took a long sip from my cup as I watched my soulmate stumble out the door. 