
"Grandpa, why don't we do business with humans?" I had to halt the mug of fire ale. My eyes, tired and old, darted from the spiced alcohol to my beloved grandson and back again several times before I finally set it down on the table. The wood *thunked* as I considered the insurmountable effort required to explain to a young dwarfling the terrors that are humans. Then I huffed. Better I let him know now, from a safe and decidedly *sane* source, than for him to accidentally fall into the trap that is the human mind. "Grimlon, have you ever seen a human?" I asked him. We lived in a dwarven village, well out of the way of any human kingdoms and far off from any human forged paths. Still, that didn't mean that the hardy bastards wouldn't wander their way up the mountain, past lava lakes and into our gorges. In fact, I think there were a few in the bar right now. Grimlon nodded his head. "Of course, but they seem mostly harmless. All they do is stumble around and look at things." The old dwarf nodded his head. His great mane of a beard bristled with his every movement. "Aye. Scholars and archeologists, they are. Those humans came here to study our culture." Grimlon shook his head. "I don't see how they're so bad." To this I chuckled. As an Elder Dwarf, my chuckles were guttural and shook the table. "On the surface, they all seem that way. But humans are curious creatures. You have to look underneath their surface demeanor to see the horror underneath." I took a swig of my fire ale, for good luck. "They came here to study our food and our festivities, *and that's it*." Grimlon frowned. "Okay?" "There are literally rivers of lava in between where we are and the only path here. *We* have the technology to get over lava." Here Girmlon frowned even harder. "What does that mean? Do the humans not have ways? They have to." I nodded. "Aye, they do. But none of them ever tell another. Every human who comes here has a different way to get here. Usually that way includes a vast amount of luck." Grimlon didn't say anything. He let me continue. I did so by shouting over my shoulder. "Hey, human!" I called. One that was in the corner turned to me. He was staring intensely at one of our tables, as if the very craftmanship would reveal the secrets of Dwarven ancestry. "How's you make it over the river of lava?" A grin spread on the man's face, and had I not been made of sterner stuff, I would have winced at the pure insanity therein. "Oh, easy. It all started back when one of my mates told me that Dwarves have the best architecture in the world. You see, we were having a problem with having to constantly having to replace tables after bar fights..." I saw Grimlon open his mouth. I waved a hand and waved his question down. "... anyway, Dwarves make the best everything, right? All I had to do was come here and learn about your bar tables. Easy, right?" Grimlon wanted to bring up the lava river. I waved him down again. "Only problem was the lava surrounding your city. You guys use it to forge, right? So yeah, I just needed to get around it. That's when the thought came to me... hey, breezes." Grimlon looked confused. I was no better, but stopping a human's story halfway through would just leave to more questions. "So I studied at the Academy of Magic for eight years, mastered Wind Magic, and formed a nigh unbreakable armor of wind to wade through the lava. I was kept cool by the ever shifting gales, AND I was keeping the lava off of me. Genius, right?" We used boats insulated with water magic to keep it from burning. Took us like, three hours to figure it out. From the look on Grimlon's face, he had come up with seven more ways to get over the lava. "So anyway, I walked through the lava, got to the other side, and I got here. Perfect right? Now, how do you make the tables so sturdy?" Grimlon stared. "Do you understand, now?" I asked him. He just continued staring. 