
Something was wrong. Something was wrong before, too, in the car. They were doing a car ride but they stopped very fast and there was a lot of noise and hurt and other confusing things and he didn't know where the boy was and it was wrong, but then the hurt went away and the boy was there so it was ok again. They weren't in the car anymore and that seemed wrong, but the boy was there so it seemed ok. There was a man he didn't know standing next to a fence. The fence was very tall but for some reason he was sure he could jump over it if he wanted to. There were interesting smells coming from the other side of the fence. Actually, it seemed as though ALL the smells were wafting their way through the whorling wind coming from the other side of the fence, and he wondered if he might- but the boy. The boy was talking at the man. The man talked back. They did this many times. He heard his name several times, which was good. The boy did not like the things the man said, which was bad. This was wrong. The man smelled like good but said bad things to the boy. This was very confusing. The smells were also confusing, but in a different way. They made it hard to think about the boy. But the boy looked sad, which was wrong, and it was easier to think about the boy when things were wrong. The boy called him over, and he went (of course). The boy kneeled down and squeezed him hard, which was okay, and then let go and scratched him a lot, which was great! Then he stopped which wasn't great but was still okay. Then he stood up and left, which was confusing. Something was wrong. The boy left away from the fence, which had the smells. The man was making nice noises at him, but the boy was still walking away, which was bad. The fence was looking increasingly leapable, and he thought he smelled the boy's smell coming from the other side, which was confusing. The man was still making nice noises at him, but they were also confused noises. This made sense, since everything was very confusing right now. He thought he might like the man, but the man made the boy sad and that was wrong. The boy was getting far away. This was wrong. He didn't know where the boy was going, or how the boy was getting there. Without him? That was very wrong. The smells could wait. He needed to follow the boy. So he did. 