
I glanced down at the piece of paper in my hand. It was covered in gold swirls, and the words "You're Invited!" were written on it in elegant cursive script. Not really what you'd expect from a cult, but I wasn't complaining. Life had been pretty boring ever since old man Johnson's demon-worship group had been shut down by the police. A few of the neighbors got together and set up a petition for his release, but the poor guy winded up with a life sentence. Who would have known cannibalism and animal sacrifice was such a big deal? A few of his more devoted followers tried to revive the cult, but without Johnson's spirit, connections, and lack of morality it just wasn't possible. Without the purpose and community provided by the cult, the town seemed to wither away. The streets were emptier, workplaces were less productive, test scores started to drop. My life felt meaningless and gray. I fell out of contact with most of my friends, and I started taking more and more days off work. It was on one of those days that I received the invitation. I was lying on my couch, covered in old blankets and mindlessly flipping through an old magazine when I heard the sound of papers sliding through my mail slot and hitting the floor. The postman was early that day. I threw the magazine aside and trudged over to the door. I grabbed the mail and was about to dump it in the already-massive pile in the hallway when a colorful piece of card stock caught my eye. I opened it up, mostly out of boredom than anything. "The Lord's Prophets hereby invite you", it read, "to a delightful afternoon of morally dubious rituals and malice! If you're interested, meet us at the creepy old house by the lake at 2 AM Saturday." At first, I was too shocked to process what I'd just read. I told myself it had to be scam, or some sort of practical joke. But the more primitive side of me, the one that was longing for a good demon-worshiping session, got the best of me. And so here I was. I looked at the house in front of me. The windows were cracked and covered in dust, and vines were climbing up the walls. Tentatively, I knocked on the door. The sound echoed through the air for a moment. A few minutes passed, and just as I was about to leave the door swung open. I edged my way inside. It was dimly lit, and my feet sank into the dark red carpet. As I walked through the entrance hall, I could make out voices whispering from somewhere ahead of me. Anticipation flooded me, the first emotion I'd really felt in a long time. Eventually I came to a large wooden door with a golden handle. I held my breath and opened it. Light blinded me. When my eyes adjusted, I found myself in an immaculate kitchen. It was gigantic, the type of thing you usually see on cooking shows. Just about any kind of equipment you could imagine was there, and the counters and stove gleamed. A small metal door next to the oven swung open, and five people filed in. The first of them, a short woman with blond hair grinned at me. "You must be Tom! Welcome to The Lord's Prophets!" I looked around, bewildered. "I thought- " Before I could get another word out, she grabbed my arm and dragged me though the metal door she had just come through. It lead us to a small room with a wooden table and six chairs set up around it. "This is our meeting room! It's where we talk about important things, like keeping the group's true purpose under wraps. And that back there is our state-of-the-art kitchen!" "Is that where you guys prepare the sacrifices?" I asked The woman rolled her eyes. "Oh, don't tell me you actually think we're some sort of cult! No, we bake." "Bake?" "Obviously! We've been having trouble getting new members lately, so after hearing about what happened to that Johnson guy we decided to brand ourselves as a replacement cult" "So...all you guys do is bake?" "Yep! All kinds of things! Bread, cake, donuts... sometimes even the odd souffle!" "Huh" I could barely hold back my disappointment. "Well, I'm not really much of a baker-" "You can figure it out. Let's get started! My cousin needs a wedding cake." She yanked me into the kitchen and gave me a list of specifications and a mixer. We spent the next four hours baking. When I came home that evening, covered in flour and exhausted, I was convinced I would never go back. But when I received notice of the next meeting a week later, I found myself driving back to that house. I spent all week at work, all my free time discussing demons and dark magic with my friends, and on Saturdays, I baked. I made the fluffiest bread you could imagine, and my cupcakes were to die for. After a few months, I started attending biweekly security meetings, where we discussed how to keep the town from suspecting what we truly were. Worshiping evil entities just didn't seem fun anymore. Why put in all that work collecting blood and performing rituals when I could just grab some ingredients from the store and whip up a batch of cookies? My life had changed in a way I'd never expected it to, all thanks to The Lord's Prophets 