
The coverlet stuck to my skin wherever it touched. It looked to be fine silk, ordinarily sewn, though nothing was what it seemed in La Silhouette. The vintage of the wine in the adjoining restaurant, let alone the year stamped into the stones along the exterior, were more a charade of luxury than the real thing. This was the kind of place your brought an escort on a budget, in your suit of fine polyesters, ordinarily made. The sex was real. That much was certain. The perks of this job were beneath the sheets, however cheap the bedding. The comfort of an escort in Montreal is relative to the price they pay. You paid as much for me as you might for your first car. More often than not, I was the first escort that my clients were like to hire. Husbands of destitute marriages travelling to the freer city across the river, across the border, to experience someone they thought they once had, chasing the ghost of a made-up past full of love and excitement. After the first bite, they quickly moved to prostitutes, disillusioned and horny. You can usually tell what kind of a marriage a man is in by the tone of his email. The first email always reads the same way--polite, yet masked in sexual appetite and and come-forward attitude best left reserved for La Bombe at last call. It was not a place you wanted to be, but a place you find yourself without knowing why. The second email was what defined them. What they wanted, when they wanted it, how much they could pay for it. Nothing flattering, nothing superficial, just straight brass tax. Their whole married life was told in that second email, whether the marriage was failing due to money, sex, or simple lack of passion. Usually it was sex. Mr. Chicago was different. His first email read like a loan agreement, full of everything but emotion. All the details of his request were laid out like a whore lined up at the gates, and all without even the presumption of intimacy. Here was a man who had bought a car before, and on his own money no doubt. Yet if it was sex or lack of passion the mister lacked, he made no show of it. *Double your regular pay to pretend to be my banking colleague.* That much to sit across a table and talk assets and dividends. I was hooked, and found myself filling in the sultry aspects of our conversation that Mr. Chicago had left out. *I'd prefer you in a suit. I'll see you soon. Look official.* I pulled the coverlet up to the nape of my neck. *I felt more naked in that suit than I do now.* It was so well made, it might as well have been bet on. It was likely I would never wear it again--though seeing as all costs were included in Mr. Chicago's outline, I was likely not to care. The modest light-charcoal skirt was not something most husbands cared to see on a business trip. I met Mr. Chicago outside of business hours in the seemingly classy restaurant of La Silhouette. The sky was grey and greyer, though inside the restaurant the light was a warm tease of gold and orange. Champagne chair and champagne tablecloths were laid out in the room, and champagne buckets and champagne bottles adorned them. Ours was rosy, almost purple in colour, and the top was a twist-off that the waiter obliged to open. Mr. Chicago was late, though he walked in to the room as if he was always on time. I watched him adjust his suite coat and tie in the foyer and then flick a strand of hair behind his ears. *He isn't half ugly* I thought. After a few words with the matron, he spun toward the open archway of the room and cantered in decidedly. He gazed about in search of his actor, more highly paid than most. He couldn't remember where he had told me to sit, that much was clear. As he made his way through the tables, he bumped several of the other patrons. One table, a man and a women in obvious dissatisfaction, was clearly annoyed at the intrusion, though they seemed to be clearly annoyed at most everything. The single man seated at the table closest to us simply ignored Mr. Chicago and continued to sip on water, the champagne bottle unopened on the table in front of him. I put on a face of pleasure and greeted my jockey for the night. He was peppered in the beard, but well trimmed. His hair was well-greased, and his musk hinted of sweat and clothes and tobacco. His eyes were deep and dark, and mesmerizing. *These are the eyes of a man out to seduce me.* I put on a face much the same in return, and winked coyly as I smirked and introduced myself. "Mr. Chicago, it was so wonderful for you to treat me to dinner this evening. You must be exhausted from travel." He suddenly looked confused. *Did I say something wrong?* He had given me a list of details and items to talk about, and his travel arrangements had been chief among them. "Yes, my travels. They were quite exhausting. And I'm sure yours were just as tiresome. Did you come by train?" 