
I had ascended my... rightful place to the throne? There was nothing correct about this situation. How, of all the various children begotten from King Lucian the Third did the bastard child manage to take the throne? It felt odd. Thin, pallid, lanky with no experience to my name, yet somehow thrust into a place of greatness and prestige. I had not come to the castle many times. I had been raised with my mother, a common woman -as it were- who did not have much wealth. In my youth, I had seen the king many times; but not here. Rainy nights, where the bearded man hand slipped in through the back door, discarding a cloak and pulling me into his lap while he and mother talked. Fond memories of a nice man, a caring neighbour, someone who I wanted to call dad. His death would be when I discovered who he truly was, and who I was as well. When he was being placed into his tomb, his councillors informed that in his passing not one of his five sons would be entrusted with the throne. Instead, a bastard son would take the throne. The kingdom was in throes but his word would be accepted. I was the king. Sitting at the head of a long table, my new siblings at my side we sat in silence. A heavy tension sat on my shoulders, eyes expectantly looking at me as I calmly sipped at my wine and ate my meal. Lucian the Fourth, the eldest, leaned forward slightly with his grip tightening on his knife. "B... brother..." the word sat obviously uncomfortably in his mouth,"What do you plan on doing with this kingdom... now that you are in charge?" A fair question, if not a test of character. I smiled politely, setting down my fork and knife. "Well first, I would like to ensure that those who are at the lowest places in our society are cared for and treated well. They should be given the chance to thrive much like anyone else." Faces scowled, an expected reaction. "I'd also like to stop taxing everyone so heavily, as it seems as though the funds are not being used for, satisfactory purposes." I lifted an eyebrow spying on the second brother, Tyrias, in his fabulous new gold jewelry. The fourth, Mikhail, swirled his wine glass in his hand. "Won't you have some sort of dissent from those within your council?" I smiled, baring my teeth with joy at such an obvious question. "Of course, but my brothers, I hope you will help me! I know that I have taking a seat you all yearned for, but I hope that I you all can support me in my endeavours." Scowls, smirks, all bearing the true thoughts of their owners. A promise would be made, but it was too obvious that they felt entitled to the greater power. My ideas, foolish as they were to them, were not enough to convince them to stop their trickery. "I propose another toast, now that we've all eaten together. To our futures!" I stood and raised my glass, prompting the others to follow. I finished mine, and they all followed suite by finishing theirs as well. We finished our meal. I left, much to their surprise. I didn't go far, wanting to hear what they would do next. In their perceived moment of peace, they pounced. All five lunging for my glass as though their lives depended on it. "Who put it in there?" Lucian demanded in a bellowing voice. Much too loud for a murder scheme, but he did not seem to understand that. "I thought it was Mikhail!" Tyrias grabbed the younger male, shoving him roughly. "I didn't have it! I thought you did!" Mikhail turned to his younger brother Edward, youngest of the group. "Of course I didn't have it! I was in the maid's quarters!" Oh, debauchery. That would be dealt with later. I smirked as they continued. "And you, Richard?" The third son, Richard, shrugged. "I was with Lucian! Who had it anyway?" The lot checked their beings, each producing a small bit of a small white powder. Their next move though, proved to be the most surprising. Each one sampled their own product, quickly perishing having placed the powder in their mouths. Idiots, the lot of them. It was understandable now how the king had chosen me. I entered the room, standing over their bodies as they gasped for help and smiled. "My brothers! What have you done to yourselves?" I asked, the joy in my voice was all too evident. "I must say, being branded the Unworthy King has its perks, does it not? You've done me a favour, as this kingdom has no room for dissenters. Especially stupid ones." I watched them writhing in pain before taking my leave. "Your sacrifice tonight will not be in vain my brothers, I will take good care of that throne for you all." 