
Everyone around me took off their wigs and threw them onto the ground. They started rejoicing, screaming "we're free, we're free!" They were happy to be hairless. Then they all quieted down, and looked at me. Absolutely everyone. All around me, eyes were staring right at me. "Go on then, brother. It is safe. You can take it off." I didn't know what to do. I couldn't take my hair off, but I didn't know what they would do if I didn't try. I just stood there, shocked. "Can you take it off?" I couldn't evade that question. "No, I have hair." Silence. Then, their faces soured and they all chanting. All around me. Men, women, children. scalp, scalp, scalp, they chanted. I started pushing through the crowd and running at full speed. I ran into an alley and saw a homeless guy and he had no hair. He sneered at me and pulled a knife from under his coat. A fire escape was right next to me. I started climbing up and hoping for the best. The hobo didn't even run after me. I ascended two floors when a door opened in front of me, and a bald woman stood there with a carving knife. She started walking towards me and blocked my path up. I turned around and started descending. The hobo was there, behind me. I don't want to die. I don't want to die like this. There's only one way out of this. I jump down and fall right into a dumpster, and climb out of it. I keep running. Bald people from every corner, armed with knives and scissors and shards of glass. I keep running. I run onto the street. Bald people everywhere, looking right at me. A car drives right up to me and a man with a taser exits. Power surges through my body and my senses start fading away. My head is burning. I'm riding shotgun in a car, driving down a highway. The man who tased me is driving. "Ignore the burning feeling. I had to wash your scalp with chemicals to make you bald. I put my hands to my scalp. Smooth as a pearl. The Man reaches into the back seat and takes something. He hands it to me. It's a backpack. "Go on, open it." I do as he says. Inside, there's money, food, and a pistol, along with some cartridges for it. He stops the car. "That's as far as I will take you." I exit the car. "I don't know why you did what you just did, but I thank you so much. You saved my life." He looks me in the eyes. "You're a fugitive now, brother." And, with these words, he drove off. ----------------- **Thanks for reading, feedback and criticism is very appreciated.** 