
"Sometimes it's just unbelievable, you know," he said, "I give simple instructions and no one seems to be able to follow them. I worked hard to get here and when I was in their shoes, I knew how to get the job done the way my boss wanted it." A larger man, somewhere in his early 50s, swirled a comb through some Barbasol. He picked up the next bit of hair and began snipping the ends. "Hey, deliver this notice, drop this off at the bank, go get my car," he huffed, "they're not difficult tasks! Just get them done! I shouldn't have to go get my hands dirty for simple errands, but you know I can't fire the kid cuz he's my brother-in-law's nephew and I don't wanna hear about it from my sister." "Have you tried extra training?" the man in the chair suggested. His eyes were closed as the man behind him worked his way around his head. "Or maybe a checklist? Some do's and don'ts or something?" "Hey Jimmy, maybe next time don't follow that floozy down an alley and you'll get to the bank on time! Common sense stuff, Jeff, these guys don't got any of it. Across all my businesses, it gets tiring." "Well," he paused while the barber removed the cape around his neck, "I used to be in HR for a firm. I can do a workshop with these guys or maybe filter through your hires, look at their resumes or something beforehand. Maybe reduce the number of slackers you get just looking to make a quick buck. Some of these guys might be better suited for other positions in your businesses." The older man laid the cape over the back of another chair, nodding at Jeff. "You know, I might take you up on that. I'll talk with the wife, see what she thinks, give you a call." Jeff pulled his wallet out, but the other man shook his head. A favor, he said. Jeff shook his hand and walked out the door, a small bell jingling above him. The other barbers were coming back from lunch, laughing about some lake trip they'd taken last week when they pushed someone off the dock. Young men having fun in the summer - the American dream. He waved at them as he passed, the three men smiling and giving a slew of "the boss really cleaned you up good today!"s. Jeff commented that their boss really was a great guy, they were lucky. The men laughed, waving goodbye as they stepped into the shop. A car pulled up outside the shop as Jeff waited to cross the street. The mayor stepped out of the back seat, walking quickly into the shop. "You know, if it's good enough for the mayor, it's good enough for me." Edit: looking at doing a part 2 (the HR workshop) tomorrow when I've got time for anyone still interested! Edit 2: part 2 is [here!](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/6kzdsv/comment/djr61fz?st=J4PF9VVR&sh=46e28c02) 