
"What?" I said confused. "Shut up one second" Death kept mashing buttons on his obviously custom Nintendo switch. The sounds of Super Mario Odyssey filled my bedroom. "Dammit, how the hell do I get to that balloon?" "I'm sorry uh... Mr.Death?" I asked. "I'm more an avatar of death than anything call me Frank" He said nonchalantly. "Frankly I'm not doing that, what the hell is going on?" I said slightly irritated. "Ha! Puns, anyways so yeah I've been playing this old game on my iPhone infinity" Frank said his socketless eyes never leaving the screen. "iPhone Infinity?" I asked, somehow that was the weirdest part of this. "Yeah, I'm not buying a new iPhone every year, so I had the angels make me a special one that gets all the features as their introduced! Anyways so yeah this old game Infinity Blade heard of it?" Frank asked finally taking his sockets off Mario. "Yeah, it came out while I was in highschool, I don't understand where's my girlfriend? Why are my ribs not shattered? I felt myself dying, how am I here?" I wanted to be calm, but the questions were spilling out. "One, breathe. Two, Not answering all thsoe separately. Three, I will answer them like THIS" Frank jumped up and a light shun from behind him, with Neon lights appearing in the air above him. "I AM DEATH, AND USING MY MIGHTY ABILITIES SAVED YOU!" Frank shouted, as the neon lights above him spelled out Frank in what can only be described as bright Black. Still the least confusing thing for me to deal with today. Frank sat back down putting his switch on my bedside table. "Yeah, but like I was saying I was playing infinite blade, the other day, and had an idea, what if I do that with you?" Frank said snapping his fingers at me. "I can see the question forming don't ask seriously, learn to roll with things man." Frank got back up going over to my computer. "You got stardew valley? Sweet! Time to farm some parsnips!" Frank said sitting down again. "FRANK FOCUS! WHAT DID YOU DO TO ME!?" I yelled at my wit's end. "Oh I kinda made you immortal but not like a 100% immortal just like every time you die you reset, and come back with the knowledge from that point onward" Frank said while customizing his Farmer. "Should I go for a mine farm? Nah, I'll do fishing, I feel like you can do more, and be asocial. Anyways" Frank finally spun back towards me. "If you do die you'll come back to your bed, every day is a save point that ends with you sleeping, and if you earn enough experience from your day you get...." I stared at this manfestation of death rolling his hands in a circle like he was explaining how to start a car. "Skill points dude you get skill points geez" Frank sighed, almost sounding..... disappointed? Turning back to Stardew Valley, and clicking through the intro he simply said. "To answer your question I was bored, and wanted to see what happens when I flip the rules, it's why I didn't just go a 100% infinity blade on you, explaining this to your descendants would've been annoying" Death had started walking around in game. "Need a fishing rod to take advantage of my island farm....." I couldn't believe what the fuck I was hearing this wasn't real... "Yes it is" I'm obviously just crazy, and in a coma... "You're not in a coma although that'd been easier thinking back" I need to call my girlfriend to ask what happened.... "She won't remember..." "WOULD YOU STOP THAT!" I yelled at Frank who was wrangling in a mystery fish. "What just trying to help! She won't remember anyways, BT dubs every time you die EVERYTHING resets so this is the morning you get hit... Aye a Tuna!" Frank spun to look at me almost *smiling* . "Pretty good catch right?" "Wait if this is the day I get hit my GF is at the stop right now about to get hit!" I rushed to throw some pants on, and sprinted by Death. "We-" "We'll talk more later go rack up some xp tiger" Frank said throwing up a hand dismissing me, while casting his line again. "When do I win?" I asked "Huh? Is that the sound of someone getting into the game?" Frank spun around again, getting excited. "Yes, Death I'll play your game" I spit the words out. "Aww, I thought we were becoming friends, anyways beat the last boss, and I'll let you off the hook" Frank explained. "Who is the last boss?" I asked. "I'm not telling you that you'll cheat, and try to finish it quick" I could feel Frank's absent eye's roll in their sockets. "Don't you have a clumsy girlfriend to save? Remember she isn't like you did I forget to mention that? If people die before you do they don't come back. I still gotta pretend to do my job, dude don't look shocked." "SHIT" I sprinted down the hall leaving my room. Frank went back to Stardew Valley, casting off again. "So are you gonna fight against my fishing line? Or are you the type to simply get snatched up?" Frank said aloud mysteriously. "SWEET A TROUT!" Edit: I'll make more parts I'm driving right now 