
I look at the flawless scythe glimmer like the summer sun in my hands. The craftsmanship on it is outstanding; intricate patterns are carved into its wooden handle. On the blade of the scythe, the word *Karma* is emblazoned in such an enchanting hand that it makes one feel as if the word carried the most poetic origins in the universe. I look up from the gift bestowed upon me and shift my gaze to my benefactor. "As they sow, so shall you reap," utters the man dressed in a spotless white robe. "You have one day to reap all the karma you can." I admit it, the first taste of rich power on a poor man's tongue was intoxicating, to say the least. After all, isn't this everything that I had wished for? A tool to help fight my oppressors and hack into their very being? "Thank you," I say to Death, with all the gratitude I can summon. "I will give them a taste of their own medicine." Back on Earth, I make my way to 41, Silverstone Avenue. Sitting on the curb, is the familiar figure of Jeremy Gaultier. Jeremy Gaultier... One of the boys responsible for my death. I loathed Jeremy with every fiber of my tormented being. For nearly six years, he had meted out a variety of punishments out to me- stuffing my head down the boy's toilet and flushing it until I nearly drowned, pushing me into a locker and locking it for three whole periods, stealing my lunch money, pushing me off the treehouse to fracture my hand... six years is a long time. I walk in his direction, and Jeremy looks up. His eyes are crimson, with puffy black pillows under them. At the sight of me, he recoils violently, almost falling backwards, as if he'd seen a ghost. "W... W... Wayne," he sputtered, in disbelief. "I thought you were dead! When they pulled you out of the pool and you weren't breathing... I killed you!" he slips into a fit of hysterical sobbing again. "I am dead," I say to Jeremy. "You killed me. But for six years before that, I died a little every day because of what you did to me. You gave me a very slow death, Jeremy." Jeremy was howling now; like a wolf that had it's limb snapped clean off by a bear trap. "Jeremy," I continue. "I didn't come here to haunt you. I didn't come here to return all the pain you gave to me. The dead take away all their pain with them, and it is no use trying to bring it all back into this world. Everyone knows about your father, Jeremy. How he is a raging alcoholic who beats you and your mother and how he has left your home in shambles. But by taking out that pain on the helpless, you are only becoming more like him. You aren't him now, are you?" Jeremy almost choked on a large gulp of air. "No!" came a watery reply. "What you did, you will have to live with it. All your life. But let the pain and regret bring change into your life. What your act took way from me and my family was terrible. But if it left you a better person in its place, wanting to change and vow never to repeat it again, there is still hope for you." "Th... Thank you, Wayne! I promise to change. Cross my heart, a thousand times over!" I nod, and turn on my heel. As I walk past the curb, Death reappears, a disappointed expression on his face. "Hey kid, what the hell was that?" he says irritatedly. "You said you'd give him a taste of his own medicine." "I did," I say, smiling. "Or have we used that expression so many times in anger that we have forgotten that medicine is supposed to heal?" Death's eyebrows furrowed as his disappointment fades. "Why though?" "Because all my life I wished there were fewer bullies," I said. "What kind of person would I be, if I let those atrocities turn me into one?" I hear Death sigh. I look at him and hand him back the scythe. "Bury it," I tell Death. "As long as there is a notion of giving back, pain is an endless cycle. We need kinder words, not stronger weapons. The lesser the bullies, the lesser the victims." r/whiteshadowthebook 