
There was a knock on the door. It wasn't quite out of the ordinary for there to be a knock on the door of 4 Privet Drive on a Saturday afternoon. Perhaps it was the mailman dropping off an Amazon package. Dudley was sure that the email said it would be delivered on Monday, but you never know with these blasted things. Technology had changed so much throughout his lifetime. Not that this daughter noticed, she clawed at the iPad with such intelligence that sometimes Dudley couldn't believe she was his daughter. The intelligence was definitely her mothers. But there was a knock on the door. He grumbled up from the worn leather sofa and walked over. He didn't bother to look through the peep hole. Everyone was quite friendly in Little Whinging. To his surprise, the gentleman standing at the frame was not his usual mailman. It was not his neighbor Daniel who liked to complain about the rising property taxes. No, this gentleman wore a trimmed woolen coat. It was when Dudley took a proper look at the gentleman's face that his heart dropped. Round glasses. Startling green eyes. Warm smile. And a faint lightning shaped scar right above his brow. "Harry," Dudley breathed. Harry smiled and extended a hand. Dudley took it, although there was very little, he could do to stop his own from shaking. "Dudley," Harry said. "It's good to see you. Sorry for not calling ahead of time, but I had no idea what your number was. I tried the old home number, but it was out of service." "Mom and dad got changed a while ago," Dudley said. He stepped out of the door frame. "Please, come in." "Don't mind if I do." Harry walked into the house. He paused at the entrance, drinking in the home he had lived in for seventeen years. His eyes seemed to pause at the cupboard under the stairs. Dudley swallowed painfully. He remembered Harry's pale and skinny frame shoved into Dudley's poor hand-me-downs. He remembered the cooked eggs and burnt sausages that were always placed on his plate by Harry as soon as that boy knew how to hold a pan. Wasting no more time, Harry strode into the living room where Sophie was sitting. She looked up from her book and smiled at Harry, who sat down on the couch. "You must be Sophie," he said warmly. "It's a pleasure to meet you." He extended a hand and Sophie, without skipping a beat, took it. "Who are you?" she asked. "He's your Uncle Harry," Dudley answered quickly. "He's come to visit." Harry nodded. "I've got some pretty important news for you and your parents." Harry reached into his coat and pulled out an envelope. He handed it over to Dudley, who took the envelope gingerely. On the front, it was addressed: *Sophie Dursley* *4 Pivet Drive* *Little Whinging, Surrey* On the front tab was sealed with a bold red "H." Dudley stared at Harry, who simply nodded. It was finally time, he thought. ***** This is my first crack at a WP, let me know any criticisms! Might write a part 2 later to really dig into the relationship Dudley has with magic now. 