
The shop was quiet. The shop was always quiet. That's what Ms. Fields loved most about her quaint antique store. That and the idea that all the undiscovered treasures filling each of its crevices were tucked safely away--which includes the ones in the Devious category, and the Dangerous category. These pieces, of course, didn't have these labels of caution on them. That was part of the rules when she took ownership of this shop. Part of His rules. But Ms. Fields knew which pieces held which kind of powers; she knew the inventory like the back of her hand. Some were helpful, pleasant, desirable, bringing owners unexpected good luck or joy; others were menacing, treacherous, dangerous, even lethal. There would be no way to tell what you were getting when you selected one, and she wasn't allowed to reveal anything to customers. Each piece looked as it should. And each piece always made its way back, bad or good. That was part of the rules too. The bell above the door rang. Ms. Fields was sitting back in her chair, reading a book at the desk. "Hello," she called without looking up at them. There was a table adjacent to the entrance that was filled with items, which obstructed the entire view of emerging customers. She had been meaning to clear this table or move it but hadn't gotten around to it yet. The camera display on the computer monitor in front of her would have revealed two men dressed conspicuously in black jackets, heads down with ballcaps on their skulls, if Ms. Fields had only bothered to glance at it. She was immersed in her novel; she'd get a good look at them when they were wandering the store. They did not reply to her. But she heard one mutter quietly to the other, "It's in the back. That's what Jame said." Ms. Fields had ears sharper than a bat's. In the quiet of the store, she heard everything. She heard the men make their way through the store and watched them from the camera display. The men didn't browse or stop to look at any of the pieces on the shelves. They had come for something in particular. Ms. Fields put down her book, excitement taking over as to what they had come for. They neared the back of the store. Her heart sank. A gasp escaped. Not that one. Not that piece. No. Put it back. Please. She watched the two men count down and then lift the old grandfather clock from its place, each grabbing an end. They lumbered it back the way they came and stopped behind a shelf that was a few feet from where Ms. Fields sat. One of them knelt down and seemed to unzip his jacket pocket and then pull something out. He kept it concealed. He reached in again and pulled out a black rag. He pulled it over his face. She watched him on the screen about to emerge from behind the shelf. She looked up. The man's ballcap was pulled down far enough that she could barely see his eyes behind that mask. There was dust caked on his torso and abdomen. She never dusted the thing (that wasn't part of the rules), hoping browsing eyes would pass over it, perhaps not even notice it. It was so perpetually dusty that the clock looked like it was part of the store, a vital component, like the desk she sat at. She hoped customers would think it not for sale. But here were two men--likely not customers at all--that wanted the damned thing. Damned it was. "May I help you?" Ms. Fields asked. "Yes, you can. Me and my partner are going to take that old dumpy grandfather clock you keep in the back. And you're gonna let us do it. Or else." "Or else?" "Or else," the man said, raising and extending his arm. He held a pistol in his hand. He pointed it at Ms. Field's face. "That's just fine. I won't try to stop you taking whatever you want, but just so you know, everything always makes its way back soon enough." "Shut it, granny." The man stuffed the pistol back into his pocket and spun around and went back to his partner. "Three... two... one..." The pair grunted and lifted the clock, the strain of the weight perceptible in their bodily movements despite the heavy layers of clothing covering their skin. They each shot a glare at Ms. Fields as they walked past. "Take care," she said. Ms. Fields supposed if it *was* the piece's time to go, then there could be no better scenario than it being stolen. At least then it was in the hands of evil persons, rightfully so; and innocent customers would not have the opportunity to stumble upon it while it was away. That grandfather clock was evil. It was the most vile, despicable, unholy piece she owned. He himself had created it. Its spirit was black, and after it was finished swallowing these two into that blackness, it would find its way back. The thought made Ms. Fields shudder. She wished she could just be rid of the thing. But that would be breaking the rules. And when one makes a deal with the Devil, they don't break the rules. That was the price of immortality. At least she had a moment away from it. She looked back down at her novel and continued reading. 