
The pair at my door are pleasant enough, almost apologetic about the intrusion into my life. "Would you like a drink?" I ask, opening the fridge door and holding up a large glass pitcher of cold tea. "Please." The man is polite. "No thank you." The woman equally so. I pour tea into a tall glass, reaching into the freezer to grab two ice cubes and let them float on the top. I hand the man his perspiring glass and motion for them to sit. They do. "This doesn't have to be...unpleasant." The woman says, while the man sips. "Like the others?" I ask. "Like the others." She replies. Her eyes may be soft in this moment but I see the truth. I see them tense when I move, I see their eyes taking stock of my kitchen. The knife block there, the glass pitcher on the table, the opened tin can of tomato paste there. I place my hands on the table and sigh, deeply. "I have waited for you. For many years. I have watched you, with interest, for as long as your kind have done this work. You might say I'm a fan." They take the compliment and relax slightly, being able to see my hands. "I do not wish this to be unpleasant, as the others have been. I wish for this to simply be the end. You, mighty knights, have slain all the dragons, as it were." They look at each other. The man speaks. "All but one." I look at him. "That saddens me. I am left alone in this world. Is that not punishment enough? Is your bloodthirst not slaked?" "Bloodthirst?" The woman bristles. The man places a hand on her forearm. To stop her from doing something stupid. "What else should I call it?" I ask. "I was one of thousands. Now, I am alone. I believe some might take that as genocide." "We understand how you might feel." The man speaks, cutting off his partner before she can retort. "We do. But this must be done. We have eliminated the gods. You were tearing at your own throats. You were a problem. You needed to be dealt with." "Lots of past tense there." I say. His eyes harden ever so slightly. My tea seems to have lost it's appeal to him. Talk is cheap, as these mortals do love to say. I have no intention of going quietly into the long night. No, no. They mistake my invitations for acquiescence. They mistake my hospitality for weakness. "You came to me last for a reason, no?" I ask. They don't answer. So I continue to observe. "Intentional. You are afraid of me. You wanted to leave me with nothing because you felt it would drain me, weaken me." They push back from the table ever so slightly. Rising from a chair with a table over your legs is hard, they think. I know battle. I know tactics. That is who I am. That is what I am. That is why I am last. "Do you know what your real mistake was? Your sin?" I ask. Her hand slowly moves towards the underside of her jacket. His drops below the table. Outside I hear them all, making ready. A hundred, perhaps. Not enough, to be sure. "What's that?" He asks, drawing my attention. "Drinking that shitty poisoned tea?" "Not poison, just bad. Tea was never my strong suit. Might still kill you though. No, your mistake was thinking that leaving me with no one would hurt me. All it did was remove those who could stop me from doing so." She goes for her weapon first. I kick the table. He is faster than she is. She goes through the wall with the table and is dead before it exits outside the other side of the small house. He rolls across the floor, comes up to one knee and finds himself meeting the glass pitcher of tea with his forehead. It kills him. I wasn't lying. The two pleasant enough intruders are dead. They have come for me last. They should have come to me first. Killing me would have made the gods afraid instead of arrogant. They didn't listen when I said the mortals were coming for us. That they wanted a world without gods because we couldn't stop fighting, because we couldn't get past that. No there are no gods left to fight. I drop down a trap door in my kitchen into a cellar, just before my house explodes under a god killing hailstorm of mortal munitions. I can't help but smile. I've waited years for this. So many years. Now it's my turn. There are no gods to stop me now. I am the last god. And I am the God of War. So now I will visit war upon them. All of them. 