
Yet again I'm in a meet and greet. Yet again there are people surrounding me, hammering me with questions about my life that I've had to answer all too often. Glancing at the crowd, I'd guess there were maybe thirty people who had shown up. At least half of them looked to be some kind of history nerd or a fanatic who believed I could pass off my gift to others. A man stepped to the front of the crowd, leaning on a cane he obviously didn't need, given how he had used it to push his way past others with ease. "Guess someone here needs to start this off, my name is Howard and its a pleasure to meet you" The man said, flashing a grin. "Tell me, immortal, what was it like watching the people of Pompei die, did you not try to help them? How about seeing Greece and Rome at war? Was there a side you thought to give aid?" Howard asked as he pulled a chair from a nearby table, before leaning forward to rest his hands on his cane. Here they were, right away someone had to ask questions about some old crap that I'd know nothing about. "I'm sorry to burst your bubble, but that was way before my time, I've met a couple Endless that witnessed it, but they didn't remember much from so long ago" I explained, raising my hand in a 'sorry but its whatever' kind of way. It got old way too quickly, being asked the same questions all the time. It wasnt so bad when I was younger but since becoming an adult everyone seems to think I've just stayed this age for centuries. The man known as Howard looked surprised before waving his hand to the rest of the group behind him, giving them the OK to ask their own questions. Clearly he wasnt satisfied but what more could he do? "How did you find out you were an Endless?" Said a blonde woman sitting towards the middle of the crowd. I sighed and pinched the bridge of my nose. Looking back up, my eyes scanned everyone that had gathered. This wasn't a fond memory, but I guess most stories that start with someone finding out they should have died never are. "I was around the age of eight. I was in the backseat of my mom's car playing my Gameboy when a truck ran a light and smashed into us" I explained it again as I had a few dozen times before. "My mother was badly hurt and I wasn't in much better shape, I only learned about my immortality when my wounds began to heal in the ambulance, and were gone by the time we got to the hospital" I leaned back, cracking my neck as I waited for the people who hadnt heard the story before to realise their disappointment. "Wait, you had a Gameboy as a kid? How old are you?" Called a young man, as he pushed his way to the front of the group, pushing his thick glasses back onto his face. "Not much older than you, I would guess. I'm only twenty eight" I explained, I already knew most of the group was going to disperse just from that. No one wants to hear about a millenial immortal, everyone expects us all to be some ancient, wise being that has seen the rise and fall of great empires. While its true we dont spring up often, who says there has to be a limit on what time period an Endless can be born into. A bell chimed overhead from the speakers in the ceiling, letting me know that I could take a break. Standing up and walking towards the bathroom, I tried to ignore the shuffling of feet, hearing a large size of my questioners leave the area. I figured all but a few would be gone by the time I got back. Who wants to hear some kid explain his life story when its hardly any different than anyone else around? Sure, I've had a few fun times with my immortality, skydiving without a parachute, riding on top of a train to see if the wind would push me off. Sure I cant die, at least nothing I've tried yet has stuck, but that doesnt mean it didnt hurt like hell. I may be an Endless, but I'm not a masochist, I plan to keep my life pretty boring for the most part, at least that way maybe I can somehow forget I'm immortal and live simply again like I did as a kid. 