
*This has to be a joke of some kind,* I thought as I held the trembling warrior in my hand. It's distraught eyes resembled black beads, it's gray fur protected by a leather armor, scarred by the relentless slashing of my siamese cat Mr. Sweetclaw. Fortunately, no blow was lethal. I squinted, it's diminutive paw shuddered in terror, yet it held a broken yellow plastic sword. The furry warrior held it as if it was an extension of his soul, tight, despite all adversity. I couldn't believe my eyes. *How did a mouse end up with all these equipment?* I thought, *the way he holds that sword, it almost look sentient.* I placed Bravesword in my bed--a soldier of such bravery deserved the comfortness of a king--grabbed alcohol and a hyssop, and proceeded to cure his war wounds. He fell asleep before I could interrogate him and find out if he could comprehend me. I placed a wide box of glass over him to prevent him falling from the steep heights of my bed and paid great attention to the rattling sounds hidden behind my walls. I always thought they were caused by my old, rusty pipes. I glued my ear to the wall, the noises grew louder, the fellow companions of Bravesword seemed to be worried. They moved chaotically throughout their hidden realm. *They must be seeking for a hole to observe their champion,* I thought. *Also, I should call an exterminator.* Bravesword courage and skill had to inspire poems by his people's most skilled poets, I couldn't deprive him from that honour, his tale had to be immortalized. I am not a skilled artist, nor I'm practical but I get things done. An idea flooded my mind, hastily I snatched a hammer and banged it against the concrete wall, blow after blow until a hole, leading to Bravesword realm was created. Without hesitation, I ran and grabbed the top of a glass jar and covered the hole with it. To my luck it fitted perfectly. Now, they could watch Bravesword. I ran back to the kitchen, opened the fridge, grabbed some ketchup and smeared it all over my neck and chest. Patience was key, I peeked through my wall into the hole and observed four eyes staring at the vastness of my house. It was time. Bravesword was awake when I sneaked into my room. He stood in two legs swinging his sword to the glass cage. His swordplay stance was flawless, trained. I stared in awe. "Hey you, do you talk?" I said, "I have a plan!" His solid, dark eyes met mine and he moved his head from side to side, as if telling me "no." I scratched my chin and squinted, "do you understand me?" Bravesword nodded. *This is unbelievable,* I thought. "I have a plan to glorify your bravery, I constructed a tiny scenario for your people, we shall fight in front of them, I will pretend to die." Bravesword placed his sword against his chest and nodded. I released him from the glass prison and he jumped onto my neck, hitting me with his sword, he swung that plastic with fierce passion. I pretended to stagger and fall right in front of the scenario for their people to observe his magnificence. Bravesword technique was admirable, if he had a real sword, I would've feared for my life. I winked at him, Bravesword raised his weapon into the sky and stabbed the broken plastic onto my throat, with my hand, in a swift movement, threw ketchup into carpet as the edge met my skin. Bravesword sheathed his word, bowed to his public and escaped back to his realm through a secret entry. I pretended to be dead for quite a while. I'm waiting for him to come back and show me the tales of his fight against the gargantuan enemy but for now, I'm sure he must be preparing, training for his next foe. The one he couldn't defeat and left him with a bitter aftertaste, mightier than a dragon, merciless, implacable. Mr Sweetclaw. ------------------------------------------------ If you enjoyed, make sure to check /r/therobertfall 