
- First, you subjugate me to endless tortures, then you offer me tea and biscuits? - I already told you. Those tortures had a purpose. A purpose I explained 3 times already. - I just don't understand the change of attitude. - Well, I am evil as much as it is necessary. If there is no point in being evil, no power nor influence to be gained, I'd rather drop the theatrics and take a break. I think we can learn a lot from each other. The old bearded man at the other side of the room was quite the sight for poor Hubert Onair. This unassuming beer-bellied middle-aged man couldn't figure out for the life of him what the hell happened. It was a night like any other. Kiss the kids good night, try unsuccessfully to sex the wife, read a comic book... Then it was time for a midnight snack. But instead of getting a candy bar to chew on, it's the fridge that helped itself on him, making him land quite painfully in a hellish tower that was, from what he could gather, all blood and guts. He passed out on the way to the sacrifice chamber. Then he passed out when they attempted to drown him in imp blood. But for some reason nobody could fathom at that moment, Hubert survived everything. He couldn't be harmed by any mean, neither magical nor mundane. Knives bent on his skin, teeth broke on his neck, and even that succubus got her privates burnt by the sheer stubbornness of Hubert's body that refused to let them have even a fraction of an impact. - What was the point of all of this? What's going on here? Hubert had the time to collect himself, but he was still close to get another case of freaking out. - Well, I thought I got an edge over the other evil bigwigs competing for World Domination. The flesh and soul of an extra-planar to fuel my latest construct. A good old-fashioned demon with fire blood and enrapturing horns, mixed with a cocktail I came up with: pure hatred, mechanical guts, explosive launchers, and an unquenchable thirst for both heroic spirit and virginity. I only need one more ingredient to keep it stable. Alas, it seems extra-planars are magical black holes, and since everything here has been infused by millennia of magical energy, you make quite the immortal. - That's just lovely... Since I'm useless for your... construct, could you send me back ? - It was a one-way trip, unfortunately for you. But we can come to an agreement that might help you fill your desires. Hubert tried to help himself to a biscuit. He didn't care much if it was poisoned or drugged, as it wouldn't change anything in his situation. But as it is, the biscuit dissolved in his mouth before sliding slowing in his throat towards his stomach. - What the... - Those are my driest biscuits. They go excellently with this green tea brew of my own creation. - I didn't ask for a course on tea ! What are they made of? - Wheat, mostly. It's hard to grow in these lands, which plays a good part in my world domination plans. You've no idea how arable lands, and its results of course, can calm the minds of everyone, even the worst fiends. - Ah, forget it! The wizard was a bit disappointed by the last comment. It wasn't that often that he could enjoy a good conversation with someone worth sharing with. The demons he liked to surround himself with were quite lacking in rhetoric skills, and the heroes who regularly tried to dwell in his tower, hoping for loot and fame, were not that much better once those vocal chords were ripped out. No big problem though. This man was out of his element, and as evil as he wanted people to believe, he was not badly mannered. Putting himself in the shoes of Hubert, he went to explain a project that could help them both. - Listen to this! You obviously want to go back home. You're scared, you don't know what's going on, you want to to see your loved ones again. Very normal thoughts. However, magic doesn't work on you. Even if what brought you here could be reversed, you wouldn't be able to go back. I even wonder how you could actually join us here, since it required magic. But I've my idea. You see, what is not running deep with ley lines, just like that freezing box you mentioned earlier -what a delightful trap by the way, I need to see the schematics if you can produce any-, well, that might actually work. And there is a place like this. The Treasure Room of the Kindgom of Parassaphalia, which happens to be next door. They got quite the team of wizards -I know that firsthand- and they regularly summon goods from other planes. Little thieves. It's 99% junk but sometimes, the odd treasure pops by, and it's always amazing to see and try. Devices of great wonder, that the mind cannot imagine. You get access to it, you might get back home. Hubert was not the sharpest tool of the box, but even him could clearly see that this bearded man in red robes who drank tea from a horned skull just wanted to use him for his own ends. He consumed enough pop-culture to recognize the pattern and even felt insulted by the total lack of genre savviness that the wizard was displaying. If really he was invulnerable, he could just get out and nobody could stop him. But where to go though? Well, time to play along with the crazy freak. Who knew what this world could bring? 