
A little one patted him on the head gently as he stopped to drink from her hose and that was nice. He was biting at the water, front paws bouncing as the little one giggled and moved the stream across his face. Left. Then right. Then left. Up! Down! In *circles!*. He coughed and sneezed as he tried to catch every drop. A bigger one had come out shouting at him, so sensing that playtime was over he woofed his appreciation to the little one and bounced on down the road. After a few passing pats as he plodded down the road, he realised he was still thirsty. Classic. Always forgetting that hoses were for drinking, as well as playing. He'd have to find some less mobile water somewhere, and maybe some sausage - he couldn't quite remember where he'd had sausage before, or what it tasted like, all he knew was that when he heard 'sausage!' - boy, would he get excited! Tuning back into his surroundings, he found himself off the street. There were some fences on either side of him, some less grey than others, but only one he was interested in; with a gate banging gently against the latch, unlocked. Over the fence was smoke, gently blowing with the wind toward him, and carried with it were some *wonderful* smells! He was a simple boy, and an honest boy - but that doesn't mean he couldn't be a smart boy - especially when it comes to smells. Walking up to the banging latch, he juts his nose at the gap, bumping it against the wood. Ouch. He sneezed off the boop and lined himself up again, sliding his nose inbetween the banging wood and sharply flinging it to the right. The gate swung open, his nose hitting the ground twitching as it traced the smell. A few feet ahead of him, a few big ones were gathered. Three were sitting, making happy noises, whilst another one stood up behind a metal thing. He flipped his arm up and down, and with each flip came a very loud sizzle sound and a hearty blast of very tasty smells. One of the sitting ones was looking at him and slapping their knees, he plodded forward a little - hesitantly, checking just for triple sure that those *were* happy sounds they were making. It was hard to focus, with all these smells, but heck it was worth the risk! As the one who'd beckoned him ran their hands over his head, a very relaxing kind of pat, a small bowl of water was placed down in front of him. He happily lapped up what he could, trying his best not to make a mess, and ignoring the hand sweeping over his neck as they looked for a collar. He accepted a few more pats (but respectfully declined a belly rub) before he sat up and plodded back over to gate, shoving it open with another determined boop. It clanged behind him, and he stepped on further into the unknown, following wherever his nose would take him. 