
It had been through pure, dumb luck that it happened. As a child I had read many books about talking animals and had been convinced that my very own cat had the ability to speak when unattended. Growing older, I fell into the 9 to 5 grind at my dead end job and began to recall my own childlike innocence. And the death of it. So on my vacation to the mountains, I brought some old books from my attic to read. That night, a brilliant star streaked across the heavens. I remembered another childlike belief of mine. And I put down the book to make my wish for the old days to return upon that shooting star. That's where it begins. See, it seems the little piece of the universe responsible for granting wishes decided to take my wish in a much more literal sense. For instead of wishing to go back to the good ol' days where I had no responsibilities and no fears, like the characters in the Forest Fighters series, it made me into one of them. However, since the lore of the series is a product of human imagination, some things had to be left out. And I became a cat. I woke under the trees in the worst state of hunger I had ever felt. I understood trap-neuter-return traps but I had to eat something. Plus some part of me smelled the enticing aroma of the food pellets and *ohgoditsmelledsogoodhasitalwayssmelledlikethat* I found myself in the claustrophobic metal cage at the shelter where the volunteers prodded at me with needles and tossed mushy sludge into a bowl for me. Children pointed and yelled at me. In the metal walls I saw my reflection and out of all the kinds of cats I could have been turned into, I had to be one of those weird hairless ones. Days turned into weeks, then months. I had given up hope that this was temporary. If not, someone was going to get a surprise when they found that a naked man ended up in their cat cage. One day, a woman showed up and took me out of the cage. She filled out adoption papers. One of thr volunteers asked her "are you sure? Don't you want a cuter one?" She answered. "Oh, no. I love Sphynxes." Her house was rather empty. What little furniture or appliances she had were not in great shape. She didn't eat much, and rarely had visitors. I wanted to help. I did cute things. She started to record me with her phone. Suddenly she got many more visitors. I guess she shared them online and family wanted to come see me. Soon enough, she began to replace furniture. She started eating more and travelling around, always taking me along. We did meetups. Thousands of people turned up to scratch my head and give me treats which still tasted strangely good. I started seeing myself on television. People recognized me when I sat in the large front windows of our new house. They stopped to take pictures and I hammed it up for them. But every night, I slept on the bed next to her and purred. Even if I couldn't talk like the cats in the books I used to read, I wanted to show my thanks. Edit- this is my first attempt at a prompt on here, hope you enjoy! 