
You've all seen a version of this courtroom, either in person, or on TV - that dull, brown, somewhat musty courtroom, with the pale blue office carpet and the wood paneling. I hate it. I mean, how *dull* is that? Do they have no creativity, or class, at *all?* They couldn't even grace me with a proper setting for my trial. They escorted me into this wood-paneled mess with the rest of the everyday world; the drug addicts, the angry couples filing for divorce, the custody battles. I was just another file, just another number, waiting last in line to beg for mercy - mercy from a man no more righteous than I. I, the twister of truths, the silvertongued wordsmith, dishonestly honest - I deserve elegance. I deserve respect. I deserve red carpet, and a tailored suit. But instead, they give me wood paneling and thin, blue carpet. They give me an itchy, ill-fitting, tweed suit from the 70's. So, as I wait, dehumanized by these filthy handcuffs, wearing my disgusting, cheap suit, I decide how I will phrase my next words. They call my name. I'm escorted to the front, and my attorney takes his place at my side. Hmph. As if he could do better than me at defending myself. I survived everything in my life before today without *you* here,*Tom, from Westin and Westen.* I don't really care what the witnesses and jury have to say. It's not like they know anything. They couldn't possibly begin to understand. The judge asks how I plead. My attorney nudges me, implying I should take his advice from our last conversation. *"Just plead guilty. The evidence is insurmountable; no matter what you do, you're going to prison. If you confess and plead guilty, they'll be more likely to grant you a shorter sentence. You're still young. You have time to turn your life around. Thirty years from now, you'll still have a good 20-30 years left to right your wrongs."* Ha. He hasn't the slightest idea of how this works. The judge, growing impatient, presses for my answer. "How do you plead?" I lock eyes with my attorney first; then, the judge. "I am innocent." The room is suddenly much louder as everyone voices their useless opinions. When the bailiff finally gets everyone settled down, the prosecuting attorney, visibly angry, loses his cool. Forgetting formalities, he asks me directly: "How can you possibly plead innocent? Investigators have already found over a dozen bodies, all with traces of your DNA on them. They have found multiple weapons with your prints on them located at the scenes of the murders. We have reason to believe there are more, undiscovered victims, and it will only be a matter of time before they're located." No one stops him from his outburst. So, the mid-grade attorney with a nice suit gets to break the rules, but I can't? Hypocrites. It doesn't matter. I know what I need to tell them. "I'm on a mission from God." The room grows silent. "There are 37 victims, as you call them. I'll willingly show you where I've located them. I do not see them as victims. I see them as saved. For now, in eternal rest, taken by my hand, they will be at peace. I deliver salvation to the gentle souls, laying them to rest so the world can hurt them no longer." Everything after that goes by in a blur. *Tom* starts rambling something about "being criminally insane." Yada yada yada. I'm not insane. I'm on a mission. ............................. A few hours go by, and sure enough, I'm being transported to a psychiatric facility for the criminally insane. Just like I planned. Escaping one of these is much easier than escaping a prison. I'll be just fine, and back to work in no time. After all, I'm on a mission. 