
"Turn around, did I find you?" I giggled as I turned around, and said yes. I can't quite remember whether I had said it out loud or just in my head. "I *knew* it, I *knew* it! You'd be here, the clue was in the "meatballs," and I knew this was your favourite Italian restaurant. So obviously you'd be here." I stood up and walked around to the chair on her side of the table, pulled it out, and beckoned for her to sit down. *Huh, I guess you really are gentlemanly after all* I chuckled a little again, though not saying much. She looked around the restaurant, which was about half-full: not quiet enough nor loud enough to talk telepathically. It was quiet, but there were too many people around; someone would notice. "OK, out loud it is," she smiled. "OK." I shyly smiled back, maybe a half-smile. I looked down at the menu. "Well, I know we both want the spaghetti and meatballs. And one Chianti for you, one Peroni for me, yes?" She just smiled and nodded. Our food was ordered within a minute of her having been there. I looked over at her, noticing her dark curls dangling in front of her face, and her constantly smiling eyes. "So, what now? What do we talk about when we already know most things about each other?" *Not everything* There was a moment of silence, and I just stared at her. I tried to read her face and body language, but I couldn't quite figure it out. "Have you ever asked yourself *why* we can do this? How this happened?" "Uhhh...." I suddenly felt ridiculously stupid. "Ahhh, I guess...no? I thought it was just one of those things." She looked down and started absentmindedly playing with her napkin. "Well....we're siblings. Twins, actually. We were part of a government experiment....they would use extra embryos from IVF treatments...they wanted to know more about twins and possible telepathic communication methods, as well as other forms of psychic abilities. You were frozen for 5 years, that's why the age difference. They incubated, and then "harvested", me straight away, I was in the first batch." "Oh." That was all I could muster. I mean, I had no idea what to expect of this meeting, but this certainly had not been on the menu. "S-s-so....we're related? We're *twins*?" "Yes. Twins, created at the same time, though one of us was held back for a while, as part of the experiment. They wanted to see what would happen if they changed various factors between twins. I have an identical one as well, but she lives further away." "There are *more* of us?!?" She was about the speak, before I interrupted: "Wait....wait a minute. Why don't *I* know anything about this??? I thought we knew all of each other's thoughts?" "Yeah...ummm, I'm sorry about that. But, to challenge the different factors involved, I was the one chosen to learn to control my telepathy. I would attend daily lessons, six days a week, at some weird facility. I never knew where it was, because I would be blindfolded going there. But they taught me various skills, including how to block others out from my thoughts." "Oh...." I felt my face going red. She had heard every single one of my thoughts, including times that...well, thoughts and actions that you wouldn't exactly want people to know about at the time... She laughed. "Oh my, don't worry about that! You're actually pretty PG compared to my sister." She laughed a little more. "Aaaanyway..." she wipes some tears from her eyes from her little laughing fit. "I'm here for a more specific reason." *Great. No wonder she seemed so quiet in the mind today. I'm not getting all of the messages.* "Don't worry about it. It's nothing that bad." She smiled, stood up, and held out her hand. "Come along with me, I have a gift for you outside." She seemed genuine, her eyes inviting and warm. I took her hand, and we walked outside. It was a quaint little street, in the older and more touristy part of town. A car pulled up. The back door open. I felt a sudden pressure on my back, and before I knew it, I had landed face-first in the car. The door slammed shut behind me. I sat up whilst rubbing my painful nose, before going straight for the door handle. The car was locked. Likely child-locked. There was a grill between the backseat and front seats. I see Elisa get into the car, and they immediately start driving. I don't know who the other person is. She looks over her shoulder and straight at me. Again, she smiles. *Don't worry. You'll like it there.* 