
I do not favour the names the self named humans had given me, Kronos, Osiris, Zeus, Odin, Jupiter, Allah, God, mother nature; even crazier so many claimed to be the only sons and daughters of me! They were all my children, and only mine. Humans had something the other denizens of the universe did not, hope. Hope gave me great power, much more then sacrifice or worship had ever; more than those logical, or savage races whose Gods had not the determination to wipe out their races when they did not offer anything but pitiful worship themselves. The weak could not give what they did not have. I had wiped out the dinosaurs, and tried to wipe out the humans once when they were weak and stupid, but they proved that hope and perseverance were strong forces, even if they weren't able to manifest them like I could. The hope siphon returned far more energy to me than I gave out in life force to the planet. It was a foreign energy even to me after half a million years but it could manipulate dark energy the stuff we gods were made of, the largest mass in the universe. I never would have thought that the monkeys picking their own asses and licking their fingers clean, would have become these... hopeful creatures; granted some still pick their ass and throw a hamburger into their mouth. Whenever one of my "brothers and sisters" attempted to take what is mine I would stop their attacks. They relied on their mortals in space ships traveling as slow as light among the stars. Machines of metal and gas that provided nothing but a survivable environment for the mortals on board against one such as me. Lashing out, like a hand across a chess board I would sweep away their armada's into the nearby star. It happened so quickly humans did not notice for many years. when humans finally could see the explosion they called it a solar flare. Little did they know it was me preventing them from being glassed. The attacks always occurred when the humans were in great wars, first when the Kings of Persia invaded Greece, Caesars conquests, during the back and forth of the crusades, Genghis Khan's invasion of Europe. The closest to being defeated was during the forty year period of the world wars, when hope was lost to so many across the world. After that period I determined that my brothers and sisters were too dangerous to let roam the universe. I put the thought of space travel in the the greatest minds of the winning states after world war two. Pitting them against each other in a cold war, that would never ignite as I would not allow it. Intent on having them master space. It took much longer then expected.... Smart phones, social media, whimsical wants made them vain and self centered. Even as I put more dreams of the cosmos into their minds; they only used these ideas as movies and stories for many years. Human hope never went away, in fact it got stronger even if not for my wants. They hoped on lottery, a Christmas bonus and other such ways of boosting ones worth among peers. That went on for decades until finally they ventured out and explored Mars in person, led by man named after a type of odor, for why he was named such I have no idea. The man died on Mars, but what he started ignited a fire under the rest of humanities ass. While we, Gods you might call us were all relatively equal, I knew at that time, with humans feeding me hope at my side; I would take the universe from my wasteful brothers and sisters. 