
Avalon beach is the place to be when the sunsets. Not only is it the most beautiful place in this little city of ours but it's a very low key unknown place. Luckily tourists haven't gotten around to coming here yet.There's usually a few people around during sunset but definitely not as busy as it is during they day. I used to come here every summer night the year I was a college freshmen. It was someplace where I could clear my mind, feel the cold air, view the beautiful waves of the ocean, kick the rocks and listen to music. I remember I first discovered this place when my dad died. I was just trying to get out of the house full of girls, I just needed my own time to breathe. I picked up my Canon DSLR camera, hanging around my neck, and pointed it at the sunset above the ocean. Click click. Another sunset picture added to my collection. I smiled as I observed the picture, it came out really well. As I turned to head back home I saw a couple walking towards me. They were laughing and smiling. The girl was wearing a dress that reminded me of my little sister's dress. "Hey,bro could you take a picture of me and my girlfriend?" The guy asked. "Sure." I replied. This wasn't really unusual, when people see you walking with a huge camera, they're bound to ask for a couple of pictures. The guy handed me his iPhone and I began positioning it. "Babe go stand next to the rock, let me just help the camera guy out." He said. "Okay!" She exclaimed. "Hey, take a video." The guy whispered in my ear. He winked at me and walked to the girl. I thought I knew what was happening, but I had never witnessed this, I was so excited for the girl. They looked a bit young to be engaged,maybe she was just getting a promise ring or something? I thought. As I hit record, I gave the guy a thumbs up. He reciprocated the thumbs up and smiled as he started digging into his pocket. The girl started jumping when she realized he was digging into his pocket. I had a huge idiot grin on my face from ear to ear. He pulled out a knife. I froze, and before I could even process what was going on,he put the knife to her throat and swiped. I froze, my heart was beating a million miles a minute. The girl fell to the floor with a shocked look on her face.I finally mustered up any courage in me. "Hey!" I yelled. The guy gave me a mischievous smirk and dropped the knife and ran towards me. A pit in my stomach grew as my heart rate got even faster, if that was even possible. I tried grabbing him as he grabbed me but he elbowed by neck and grabbed the phone in my hands.He ran away away as fast he could, not looking back. Do I run after him or do I help her? I-I don't know. I thought. I decided to stay. I held the girl, with tears rushing down my cheeks. It was getting harder and harder to breathe. I close my eyes for about ten seconds to process everything. And I open my eyes to blue and red flashing lights. "Put your hands up!" Yelled a policeman. I hesitantly put them up. "Keep them up!" Yelled another. The policeman walked over to me and forcibly put my hands behind my back. And put cold hard silver cuffs on them. With my head hanging low, I raise it for just a second only to see the killer in the far distance walking away, as if nothing happened. 