
"Sorry, family only," I said lazily, pushing aside the hooded man. My eyes didn't even meet his as I blocked off the door, looking intently in another direction. The buzz of the hospital swirled around me--someone yelling on the phone, rapid-fire footsteps beating on the tile floor, the beeping of this monitor or that as our technology tried uselessly to save all of the already damned souls. The sounds made up the background to my life, for the most part, and pricking my ears to hear them again only gave me satisfaction, even if it was in a bit of a twisted way. I crossed my arms again, hoping the man in the black hooded robes would leave. What was he wearing anyway? It looked like he was either cosplaying as a reaper of some kind--the thought made me stifle a chuckle, dressed up as a criminal, or simply trying to look edgy. Either way though, I could still see the black of his robes from the corner of my eye. A groan slipped from my lips as I looked at him again, ready to repeat the same words into the air. But something in his posture stopped me, something about the way he'd tilted his head, letting more light enter his hood, but not illuminating any of his features. Something about the shadowy mist he seemed to have instead of a face kept the words from escaping my mouth. "You can see me?" he asked in an unnaturally booming voice. The pleasant background of people struggling to heal around me was shattered in an instant, painting a frown on my face. I liked those sounds, dammit. I liked working at a hospital. It let me serve my purpose. Or, at least that's what I told myself since the true reason was still something I preferred to keep even from myself. "Yes, sir, I can see you," I said, my voice nearly a grumble. "Can you please step out of the way, this patient is in no shape for visitors, and family are the only ones--" A loud snapping sound and a long metal one rang out through the hospital. All of the familiar sounds weren't simply blocked out, they were killed--dead in an instant to take away my fun. I gritted my teeth, ready to spew venom out at the man in front of me. But as I saw the source of the sound that had killed my ambiance, I didn't exactly want to speak. There, in the man's left hand, was a long scythe with an ever-sharp metal surface and an ancient wooden hilt. That stopped the words from coming out of my mouth. But then I saw the hand holding the scythe, the bony fingers with flesh noticeably absent. *That* stopped the air coming into my lungs. My mind started to work overtime, feeling and thoughts warring with each other all of a sudden. The pieces of a puzzle I'd long since hidden under dust were starting to fit together again. "A reaper," I found myself saying. A loud growl split the air between us, echoing out impossibly in my ears as if to confirm my statement. "Death," he said, his voice low and terrifying. It was a voice that should've shaken me to my core, that should've put me on my knees, shaking and begging for the dearest form of mercy. But it didn't. Instead, all it did was remind me of something familiar. "Step out of the way and let me claim my soul," he said, his scythe already pushing me away. He moved my body aside like it was a plastic figurine, leaving the path through the door suddenly open. "A reaper," I said again, this time with more confidence in my tone. Death whipped his shadowed head around, staring back at me. "*The* reaper," he corrected, his voice nowhere near as booming this time around. "No," I found myself saying, more and more of the puzzle fitting together in my mind. "You're just the most obvious one." "*What?*" he asked, the air around us starting to shake. "If you knew the first thing about reapers," I said, my lips starting to grow into a wicked smile, "you'd know they're very territorial." He stared at me, confused. The puzzle finally went *click* in my head. The dead silence around us snapped away in a second, breaking the illusion he'd held. The beautiful sounds of people in pain, damned souls on their final trip to the door rang out in my ears. My smile grew further. He'd come to *my* hospital, and he had the audacity to take my ambiance away? He just stared at me in surprise. I could feel it radiating off of his bones. "Who are you to say anything about reapers?" I just chuckled, my voice starting to boom just like his had. "I'm more familiar with them than you may think." His bony hand twitched, surprise burning at his robes. "You're a..." he started. "What are you doing here then?" I could feel the increasing anger in his tone. I grinned. The sound of someone wailing in pain echoed out behind me, multiple doctors with the same job as me rushing toward it. I tilted my head, cracking my neck and feeling the power return to my bones. "Why do you think I work in a hospital?" I asked rhetorically, my scythe appearing only a second later. "It's the best way to do my job." --- /r/Palmerranian 