
*beep* Mr. Nakamara is no less strange than the other tenants of the apartment. Though, I guess it makes sense that the landlord of an apartment for aliens would be a bit of a weirdo himself. He watched the scanner, then let me in, smiling. "Welcome back," he said, letting me pass through the entrance with a smile. I always play along and smile back, nodding, as if his little entry charade made any sense. It's a small price to pay for getting a forty percent discount over other apartments in the area. Through the courtyard, up the stairwell, i fumble with my keys at the door. "Good afternoo*1.000.000*n, Sarah*1.000.000*." I turned to find a large, black abyss floating near me, kind of like a giant sinkhole in space-time. "Oh, hiya, Snook. I don't see you out and about much." "I enjoy the ta*1.000.000*ste of hu*1.000.000*midity." I nodded. It was a pretty sticky day out, as it always was deep in the Virginia summer. With a wave, I excused myself into the apartment and let myself spill out into comfort. Nothing beats the feeling of sweatpants after a long day of work. A deep hum emanated from upstairs. Sighing, I plugged my ears with a dirty shirt and curled up on the floor. Hugo, my upstairs neighbor, was about to... sneeze, I guess is the easiest way to put it. It's like a fox shrieking in an earthquake. Once it passed, I heard three gentle knocks on the ceiling, and I responded with a broom. He's polite enough to apologize, at least, and I always need the broom to clean up stray bits of plaster anyway. ----- "How do you like the place now that you've been there a few months, sweetie?" My mother was watching me intently with eyes like jade as she sipped on a milkshake. "The neighbors are weird, but it's cool. Cheap place, nice old landlord. I can't complain, you know?" She smiled. "Weird neighbors. That's funny. Is everyone nice to you, at least?" I nodded, taking a bite of my pasta. "Mhmm. Super nice." "Good, that's great to hear. You come to me if they ever give you trouble." "And what would you do?" I asked, chuckling at the ferocity of such a small woman. "Oh, I have some sway. Trust me. Anyway, tell me all about your week, now, darling." We gushed over all the usual topics, family gossip, my cousin's scandalous wedding in Vegas-- lots of juicy tidbits. On our way out, we hugged, and she squeezed me tight, as she so often does. "Be good now, darling." A wet kiss plopped on my cheek. "Yeah, Mom. See you next week!" The drive home was pleasantly smooth, nothing but green lights the whole way. I parked, walked into the main entrance, and the sweet old man was there, as always. He held the scanner out and it beeped with normality over my arm, shining a pulsing red light over it. "Say, Mr. Nakamara?" "Yes?" "What's this thing for, anyway?" "I told you, it makes sure you're a member here." I frowned. "Yeah, but like, how? There's nothing to scan." "Oh, dear-- I thought you knew." I raised my eyebrows at him. "The scanner checks to make sure you're not a human. I can't let anyone through without verification." He smiled and stepped aside to let me pass, but I was frozen in place. Realization widened his eyes. "Oh, shit. I shouldn't have said that." ---- */r/resonatingfury* 