
Colonel Michael Lorde was not having a great day. Inclement weather had delayed a pair of test launches, and command was likely to come breathing down his neck at the western range any moment. Lorde enjoyed being king of his own castle with the 30th Space Wing, and never enjoyed being jarringly reminded of his status as a relatively small fish in the pond of Air Force Space Command. He didn't know what the words bad day even meant. The communication, when it came in, made little sense. The green captain who came into his office trailing a slightly dazed looking sergeant got his attention though, rare for a noncom to bother picking up a delegation. Rarer still to have a problem brought to him directly rather than just radioed in. But as the sergeant snapped a salute and started speaking, Lorde felt his frown descending in equal measure to his heart rates increase. Over the sound of the blood boiling in his ears, Lorde caught the tail end of the sergeant's speech, "long story short sir - they showed up at every major launch site on Earth. Sarabhai, Baiknour, Plesetsk, Canaveral - you get the picture - it took us a while to piece everything together. It's published in like thirty languages, and I don't even recognize the letters in half of them. But I know cyrillic letters when I see them, sir - and I can read English. It's a bill. For space trash collection. But that's not the worst of it by a long shot -" Lorde hated needing to call command. -------------------------------------- "What the hell can you tell me about what's going on Colonel? My cellphone stopped working about half an hour ago, and every briefing I've heard tells me you're the man on the spot." Lorde took a deep breath, nothing like trying to explain the impossible to the joint chiefs. They didn't pay him enough for this, "Long story short sir? It's gone. All of it, every spaceborne asset of the United States has been 'collected'. Along with any Russian, Chinese, European, Indian, civilian, or whatever the hell else might have been up there. There *are* no telecommunications or GPS satellites, or anything else. All we've got left is a bill." "You mean to tell me someone co-opted every spaceborne asset of the planet Earth, and they're holding it fucking ransom?" "That's not quite it sir. They're gone. Quite literally like the garbage collection coming by your house and taking away any bags you left out by the road. Apparently the Gallactic Federation sweeps it once a century. Go fucking figure." "Well what the hell do we do about it soldier?" "Best advice, pay them. Maybe ask for our stuff that wasn't trash back, or something. I'm not exactly an expert in first contact. That sounds like the State Department's job." "I'll get the Secretary of State on the horn as soon as he bothers to get near a land line. But for now, send me a copy of their demands - just the English one preferably." Lorde could almost hear the man's rage turn to curiosity, "What did they charge us, anyway?" "Apparently first pickup comes at a discount, but they implore us to understand supralight intragalactic travel isn't cheap, so the century level plan is going to cost us $13.7 Trillion a ton removed." "Just how much did they take?" "About 5,000 tons. Apparently. A little over $70 Quadrillion dollars. We're gonna need a payment plan." 