
"I'm sorry but he had to move his flight up a day so we need to have dinner tonight. You know how important this is to me," Erica said over the phone. "I know, I'll make it work. See you tonight." Jack hung up the phone in a panic. He rifled through the refrigerator before desperately searching the freezer for something to cook. The only thing he had was four slabs of frozen beef. He had been planning on going to the grocery tomorrow morning and now all he had was two cans of green beans and the frozen steaks. He knew it was sacrilegious but he didn't have time, he popped the steaks into the microwave and hit defrost. The beans went into a pot with some butter and turned the heat on low. The microwave dinged and the doorbell rang. *Oh my god. He's here.* A new wave of panic washed over Jack. He took a deep steadying breath and answered the door. Erica's golden hair caught the light and she smiled brightly. Mr. Ramsey stood beside her with a stoic expression. "Mr. Ramsey it's a pleasure to meet you," Jack said extending his hand. Mr. Ramsey took it, "Please, just call me Gordon." There was a long pause as they stood in the doorway. "Are you going to invite us in?" Erica asked playfully. "Oh, I'm so sorry! Please come in. Dinner will be done soon. Make yourselves comfortable and I'll pour some wine." Jack hustled back inside allowing Erica to show Gordon around. They took a seat in the living room and Gordon scrutinized the interior decorating. "A bit, spartan isn't it." "He doesn't like to buy things that aren't necessary," Erica defended. Gordon let out a quiet thoughtful hmmm. The steaks sizzled on the grill top and the beans were cooked to the perfect texture. He poured three glasses of his best red wine and plated everything. It may not have been served at one of Gordon's restaurants but Jack was proud of it. "Dinner's served!" he said from the kitchen and delivered the plates to the dining room table. Gordon sat and eyed the plate of food and the corners of his mouth twitched. "Thank you, Jack it looks lovely," Erica said kicking her father's foot underneath the table. "Yes, thank you Jack," Gordon said and cut into the steak. Jack's heart caught in his throat as Gordon put a bite of steak into his mouth and chewed. Gordon swallowed and cut another bite, then another. Erica smiled across the table at Jack. They sat around the table talking and laughing. Gordon made a joke about working in TV and how much he hated how fake everything was. It didn't take long for Jack to forget about the steak or the pressure he had felt cooking for someone like Gordon Ramsey. The wine and conversation flowed effortlessly. "I hate to retire so early, but I've got an early flight in the morning. It was a pleasure to meet you, Jack." "Thank you so much," Jack said shaking Gordon's hand again. "I'll walk you out dad," Erica said leading her father to the door. As the door shut behind them Erica asked, "Well. What do you think?" "I think the steak was dry." "Dad!" "I'm kidding. If you like him that's good enough for me. I like him too." Erica threw her arms around her father and squeezed him tightly. "Thanks dad." --- Thanks for reading! Check out /r/Written4Reddit for more stories! 