
[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/redditserials/comments/d3srjf/the_lighthouse_and_the_cave_part_2/?) Calvin Farmer was asleep on his couch when someone started pounding on his door with a desperate urgency born of terror. Calvin was on his feet and had drawn a curious crystal from under his pillow before his brain was fully engaged in what was going on. The crystal glowed with brilliant iridescence in his hand. "Calvin! Calvin, wake the hell up!" a voice shouted. Calvin did his best to quiet his pounding heart. Cultists of the Fifth didn't usually announce their presence by asking their target to wake up. "I'm coming," he growled, stalking over to the door. "Damnit, you can stop your damn knocking, I said I'm-" he threw open the door before the last word, "coming!" The woman outside recoiled at the word. She was short and athletically built, her hair cut to only a couple inches long. She wore a heavy vest over her jeans and sweater, inscribed with a strangly flowing script. "Calvin? Are you drunk?" Calvin considered the question for a moment. By the slowly pulsing rhythm in his head, drunk had passed a little while ago. "No such luck, Cassie. Just hung over. What the hell has you knocking at my door at -" he checked his watch "- three in the goddamn morning?" "It's lit," Cassie said. Calvin stared at her, for a moment not comprehending what she had said. Slowly, realization began to creep in. "You aren't using lit in the fun sense there. You aren't saying a party is exciting or something. You're telling me the Crimson Lighthouse-" "Is lit, yes. Put on a shirt and grab your vest. It's happening, Calvin." Calvin swore. "I'm out of-" "Shut up," Cassie said, snapping the words. "Up. Shut. No. You've been curled up into a ball of sad and self-pity for two years, Calvin. I would let you rot there if it wasn't desperate, but the Crimson Lighthouse is glowing which means you need to get moving or-" "I know what's at stake," Calvin growled. Cassie crossed her arms and glared at him, and Calvin turned back into his apartment. "How long?" "No idea. It was Jared's turn to watch for it, but I haven't heard from him. If I hadn't been up, it could have been burning all night without anyone seeing it." "And you came here first?" "You were closest." Cassie stepped in behind him, crinkling her nose at the empty pizza boxes and Chinese containers that littered the coffee table, islands of cardboard in an aluminum and glass sea of empty beer bottles and cans. "Christ, it stinks in here." Calvin just scowled. "Are there any signs?" he asked. "I saw some on my way here," Cassie said. "A four-eyed cat screamed in a voice of triumph when I walked passed. A hunched figure dashed into an alley and vanished. The moon hasn't turned yet, which means there's still time." "Not much. Was the figure human? Or something warped into a human-esque shape?" "It had a jacket on. Sized for a human." Calvin swore and reached under his couch, fumbling for his vest. "Screw the shirt then, I don't have time to find one." "No, you don't." Cassie glanced out the door. She was practically vibrating with energy. "It's localized so far. I haven't gotten any calls from out of town yet, at least. So-" "No one's noticed yet," Calvin said, finally feeling the tough leather under his fingers. "Alright, I've got it. Let's move. You can give me some more details on the way." Cassie nodded and motioned for him to follow. Outside the air was warm and full of whispers, just on the edge of hearing. Whispers without voices, whispers without bodies. Calvin pushed them aside. "Anything else I need to know?" "It's just you and me. Jared if we can find him." Calvin shook his head. "No, I mean...what direction is the light, Cassie. Where is it taking us?" Cassie winced. "The caves, Cal. It's pointing straight down the damn caves." Calvin went pale. He hadn't been there since..."Cassie, this is suicide." "No. This is taking a stand. You want to commit suicide, go back into your house and wait for me to die trying to stop the Overlay. Then you get to die along with the rest of everyone on Earth." Calvin didn't have an answer for that. Instead, he just started running harder. Running towards the last place he wanted to go. Where the stars would turn to eyes and the seas would black with death. Running towards the site where the Overlay would begin. If he and Cassie couldn't stop it, it would all spill over into Earth, as it had threatened to do time and time again. Last time there had been five of them, and Cassie and Calvin had been the only two to leave. His fear didn't matter. His grief didn't matter. The Farthest Reach was leaking into the world. --- [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/redditserials/comments/d3srjf/the_lighthouse_and_the_cave_part_2/?) More of my writing at /r/hydrael_writes, and more longer works by myself and others at /r/redditserials 