
They always find me. I don't know how. I thought I had lost them deep in the Rockys, but sure as shit I get that knock on the door, those three quick raps, and I already know its them. I don't know how they keep finding me. Every time I move, I take only the clothes on my back. A few times, I didn't even do that, just to be sure. But whether it be in some suburb in Illinois or a log cabin deep within Baxter State Park or the county jail for public indecency, they always come. I had thought it was the cameras. They make 'em mini now. Stuff 'em in between rock crevices. You ever shove your hand deep into a public restroom? Yeah, they're there too. They gotta be. So I hiked into the jungle, deep into unmarked lands where not even forest rangers dared venture and within 12 hours while I'm shitting in some hole I dug in the ground, they found me. Then I thought it was the satellites. Those mechanical narcs shooting radioactive waves to detect my own brainwaves. Oh they're clever, but they ain't as clever as me. I bought a few rolls of tin foil, made myself a hat, and jumped deep underground in the sewers beneath New York. That's how I was gonna free myself of 'em. But waist deep in millions of people's collective shit, they found me once again. Now, I think its the water, it's gotta be. Some microtracker nanomachine in the flouride poisoning our bodies. How else can they keep tracking me like this? *They're not Gods!!!* So here I am, back in the jungle this time with nothing from civilization, no bottled water, no tools, no clothes, nothing. They ain't ever finding me here. "Hello Mr. Parker," a guy says. I don't even need to wake to know the voice. "Morning Mr. Parker," a girl says. That's how they do it, their modus operandi. Whether it be in a jungle, nighttime without even a moon, or even in the hottest, most humid day on Earth, always a guy and a girl, always suit and sunglasses. "We have a few questions for you, if you have the time," the guy says. Then, the girl takes out her little notepad, her pen centimeters away from the paper, already twitching with excitement. "Thank you for your time." Of course, they're always so damn polite, as if they're the ones doing me a favor by chasing me down to the ends of Earth itself. I feel that familiar anger inside of me, an ember in my stomach as it rises with my nausea until its disgusting flame in my chest. But I swallow it down. I've tried shouting before, threatening, fighting, even beggin'. These guys don't stop. You ever beat a person within an inch of his life and he just hops back up on a broken leg and asks you if you're busy? That shit scars a man. So I clamp my mouth shut. I stay quiet. "Sir," the man says and asks me about foreign affairs in some country that sounds more like the name of a pokemon than a country. Shit I don't care. Bomb me. Kill 'em. Marry 'em. It don't matter to me, but these guys don't leave until I answer. So I pick one. Not sure which one, they're all the same. "Yes sir, thank you very much sir," the girl says. I don't think she realizes that she's talking to a man butt naked who hasn't shaved either up here or down there in six months. *Sir* ain't the title. They turn to leave but this time, I stop them. I wave my hand. "Wait!" And they do. "How do you keep doing this. It's the camera's ain't it, in the trees." "Sir." The guy. "There are no cameras in the trees, as far as I know." "Then it's your mind control waves. You launch 'em from space!" "Sir." The girl. "Space is demilitarized. There are no mind control waves in space." "Then it's the god damn water! Nanomachine in the flouride!" They exchange looks. "I'm sorry, sir," the guy says and he truly is, I can see it in his face." I have heard of no nanomachines in the water." "Then..." The answer dawns on me. "You probed my ass." "We would never, sir..." the girl says, her brow crunched in the first sign of emotion I've ever seen from her. That was all the answer I needed. "You probed my ass! I knew it! You put a tracker up my poophole and you've been tagging me ever since!" I make eye contact with the guy. "Take it out." He gawks at me, probably surprised that I finally figured it out. "But sir, there is no--" "Reach into my pooper and take out the god damn tracker you put in there. Now!" The guy swallows, his eyes tearing up. "Yes sir, right away sir." --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular request, bonus stories and more! 