
The first and final blow had been struck, a bolt of purple lightning that tore open the sky and shattered the ground beneath them. The clouds that had been the herald of the spell now burst, sending a torrent of rain over the broken earth and bodies of the people that had come to challenge the necromancer. He scoffed at the feeble attempt, lifting his hand, now with a sickly green aura, and began the rite to add these new, brave or stupid souls to his army. After a minute of the spell however, he was surprised to find that even though he was positive his spell had killed all of them, nothing was happening. The lightning should have ripped some of them in half, and he could see that their bodies, while whole, were thrown and scattered in unnatural positions. He made his way over to the closest and was just a few feet away before he noticed the faint golden aura of divinity outlining their body. The necromancer lowered himself to a crouch, using his staff as a support, and reached out to turn the person over. Spell or no, he was certain that this person was most assuredly dead, but kept sanctified by some god's power. Now that he had a better look, he could tell that the insignia on the helmet was of Marsell, the god of combat. *For being chosen by the gods these warriors were certainly disappoi--* A gurgling scream burst from behind the helmet as the body suddenly shuddered with pain. The necromancer himself nearly fell back from the surprise, but didn't move otherwise. He could hear the other warriors violently, painfully coming back to life around him, but he kept his eyes locked on Marsell's warrior, listening to their rattled and labored breathing. "My friend, it seems you've gotten yourself in the wrong line of work," the necromancer taunted. "Everyone knows gods aren't to be trusted. And now here you are, at my feet. Maybe your god can mend your bones, but it would only be for me to smash them again." The body trembled, the armor gentle clacking as the faint sound of a sob escaped the helmet. The necromancer became furious, standing slowly before driving his foot down onto the lightning blasted breastplate. "I denounce the gods, call my army, ravage their temples, and this is the best they offer? A sniveling," he brought his foot up and sharply down, "weak," again, "pathetic," again, "pawn?!" He was screaming now, his voice echoing across the destroyed earth. He was vaguely aware of a voice begging him to stop from further away, and in response he stepped off the body and lifted them up by the neck with a giant spectral hand. "Let me see the face of the one the gods would call their champion," the necromancer growled and ripped the helmet off. The face was young. Even through the blood that was beginning to color the girl's long platinum hair there was the undeniable signs of youth. Her face had just begun to slim into the face of the woman she'd become, and her features were the kind of soft that only a carefree child has. The necromancer took a startled step back, dropping the helmet and this time nearly tripping over himself. The girl's ice-blue eyes opened, streaming tears, and breathed out, "S-stop. It hurts. Please, stop it." One of her arms lifted weakly towards her throat, sobbing out, "Make it stop." The necromancer didn't bother to check the others. If the gods had sent one child, he didn't care to temper himself by confirming they had sent four more. He lowered her gently onto the ground. He thought of explaining this divine curse she'd been subject to but knew it wouldn't help her understand the pain. She'd grow to hate her god as much as she'd hate him, but that wasn't the path he was on. He crouched down next to her, gently laying a glowing hand on her face. She flinched and sobbed, but the magic that seeped into her would dull the pain for a long time. He forced himself to go to the others, not having the will to look under their helmets but giving them the same reprieve from the pain. Long enough, he hoped, that he'd either kill the gods and end their curse or they'd repair them on their own. By the time he'd made his way back to the first, she had drawn her sword and was shakily holding it up in the air, as of her idea would be to be poised to trick him to falling on it. He crouched beside her again, lowering her arm and gently speaking, "Shh. That's enough now. You did very well, and I'm proud of you. They shouldn't have done this to you, but it's not your fault." He looked up at the sky with a renewed sense of purpose. The world was aching, bending to the point of shattering because of the gods. He looked down at his fallen foes--no, these were not enemies of his. The battered children, soldiers of the gods' war. "If you ever stand again, I'd like you to come and find me. Maybe then, if I haven't done what I need to do you'll be able to take care of me." The necromancer pulled his hood down and smiled at the girl. Age had certainly taken him, but the platinum hair and blue eyes instantly sparked a memory in the girl of a simpler time, before the war had taken her-- "I'm sorry." The necromancer stood, pulling his hood over his face and walking away, eyes locked in a fiery rage towards the sky. Behind him, the girl sobbed again, crying out for the gods, her mother, her father. 