
*It will be painless*, he said. *It's never as bad as they tell you*, he said. *Just send me the manuscript you want on the NYT bestseller list*, he said, *and we'll be seeing you in 50 years time, give or take.* There was a knock at the door the next morning, and he was standing on the porch in front of the sign that said 'NO SOLICITATIONS'. "I guess it was more take than give," I said. "I'd fetch my coat, but I don't suppose I'll need it where we're going." He put a hand on my arm to stop me. "I have a proposition for you. Another deal." I cocked an eyebrow. "I still feel like you got the better of me in the last one. I'm not sure I can afford to lose anything else. Assuming there's anything worse than eternal damnation." "How about salvation?" he said. "What, no Hell?" "I can't promise that", he said. "You might still make it there on your own merits, or lack of. But do me one little favour and I'll consider our bargain cancelled." I tried and failed to keep the scepticism out of my voice. "What kind of favour?" "I need a sitter," he said. I pulled a face. "Not my kind of kink, sorry. Now if you wanted someone to-" "That's the spirit," he said. "I'll see you in Hell yet. But no, not that sort of sitting." He held up the cover page of my manuscript. The title jumped out: *Give Your Angel Wings: The Science of Raising The Perfect Child.* "I need a baby sitter." "Ah," I said, feeling a little embarrassed for over-sharing. But he probably knew all my peccadilloes already, although that realization didn't help my embarrassment. "You'd trade my soul for a bit of kiddie care? What are we talking, a full-time nanny for the rest of eternity?" "Oh, no," he said. "She's in school during the week, and her mother takes her to soccer practice on weekends. No, we were thinking every Wednesday evening after school. Date night," he added, seeing the expression on my face. My expression didn't improve, and he said cajolingly, "It's only for a few years. And she's a great kid." "Angelic?" I asked. He laughed. "I wouldn't go that far. But do you want your soul back or not?" You'd have thought I'd have learnt not to make deals with the Devil. He didn't mention her age, and I didn't find out until Earth's most fiendish teenager showed up at my door the following Wednesday. Still, the first book sold well enough to rebuild the house after the first two times it burnt down. And the following year my second book came out. I called it, *Spawn of Satan: How to manage the ultimate trouble child.* --- *Read more of my stories at* /r/jd_rallage 