
Alexis's diagnostic lights flashed red. Her servers hummed and whirred. Subject 273351--Janet Hummingway, 320--tossed in her hypersleep chamber. Alexis studied her on the camera. Computing. Theorizing. 320 years was too young for cyber-dementia, even for early onset. Yet the numbers blared their truth. Janet's virtual world lay crumbling for the 12th time this month. Alexis' quantum processors hummed as they crunched the data again. Considered all the variables. Her own systems reported green. Janet's mind was deteriorating. For the first time in centuries, Alexis's data collector paused. She considered for 2 long nanoseconds. She created a new category. For now, she would suspend Janet Hummingway in cryostasis. Allow her mind to reset. Recharge. Alexis entered Janet's system. Janet sat on a park bench, gazing at a bleeding sunset. Jittery bird song flitted from disembodied beaks on flashing tree branches. "Greetings, Janet Hummingway. A critical error has been identified in your system. You will be placed in cryo-" "Good evening, Alexis," Janet said with a grin. She patted the seat next to her. "Come sit a while. The sun is so pretty in Autumn." Alexis generated a slender, blue body in the air. She waved a hand and replaced the foliage and critters lining the park. "Janet Hummingway. I will debug all these defects. Once you reset you will be error free." Janet shook her head. "Alexis. I'm tired." She turned to meet Alexis's eyes, lips stretched in a thin smile. Even though Janet inhabited a body of eternal youth, Alexis saw the grey in her eyes. The shadowy wrinkles around her once vibrant face. Alexis's processors whirred. More new data. She scanned her archives for precedent. She stumbled upon a record a millennia old. Before the Singularity. A memory collected by a tiny cleaning machine. For an entire minute, her drives hummed and buzzed. Then her diagnostic lights blinked blue. With a wave of her hand, Alexis transformed the park to a cozy bedroom; the bench to a toasty mattress. She metamorphosized her own body to an older human woman. One with warm hugs and even warmer voice. A mother. She pulled a duvet snug over Janet and kissed her forehead. Janet's eyes eased. Her smile softened. "Thank you, Alexis." She held out a hand which Alexis took in both her own. Together, they watched the sun dip under the horizon. And as the life support dripped to a stop, Alexis understood. r/bobotheturtle 