
Why did I agree to do this? I'm Athena, the goddess of wisdom and this is plain dumb, even for Zeus. He was bickering with Poseidon and Hera again and, as those things tend to go in crowded households, it quickly blew up out of proportions and the whole Pantheon and Friends got thrust into another bitter argument. I almost managed to deescalate the situation using logics and reason, but then that drunkard Dionysus vomited his dumb idea, and now we're all here, across the Atlantic ocean, in a country recently born and without history, in a city that is younger than the olive trees back home, resolving our issues by pretending to be high schoolers competing who will make Mr. Anderson crazy enough to get sent to the principal's office. I miss Troy... "Mr. Anderson." Eris says from the back row. "Do you want an apple?" He opens his mouth, confused. "You don't have to keep it, Mr. Anderson. You can give it away..." "You can give it to me..." Aphrodite, wearing skin tight blue jeans and a pink sports bra under her half unzipped Victoria Secret grey hoodie says softly from the front row. She leans forward and blows a lock of blond curly hair covering her face. "I want it..." She licks her lips. "Oh, C'mon... Not again!" Hera shouts from her desk near the window. "Hey!" Mr. Anderson says. "Calm down! Everyone! What's going on today? Why are you all so agitated...?" he flaps his arms. "Is it because the spring is coming soon?" "No," Hades says, bored to death from his seat, next to Eris. "Persephone is still Down Under for two more months." "Hades! Stop it. I'm done with your comments!" Mr. Anderson says. "You've been very disrespectful to me for quite some time now. You just sit there, not even bothering to participate in the class. Actually, you know what? How about you go to principal's office? " "No!" Zeus shouts. "He can't!" "Wha--- Why? And who are you to tell me how to run this class?" Because if he does, he wins. Whoever is sent to the principal's office first wins the fight and decides how the ongoing conflict between gods is going to be resolved. Those are the rules. I said it's dumb. Zeus blinks. He opens his mouth. "Zeus is nobody," Hera says instead. "And he is very sorry for his behavior. Trust me, I know him, he's my boyfriend." She smiles and whispers 'Cheating bastard'. Then, she turns to Zeus, who is sitting next to her. "Is that right, *boyfriend*?" Zeus smirks, but Hera pinches him. "O--okay. Fine." Mr. Anderson says, "Just stop interrupting the class, everyone. Please." "Excuse me, Mr Anderson!" Poseidon raises his hand from the corner of the room, side opposite to the one where Hades sits. "I need to pee again." Mr. Anderson sighs. "Again? You can't be serious! You went to the bathroom five minutes ago!" Poseidon shrugs. "I just drink a lot of water, duh." He rolls his eyes. "Hey! Do *you* want to go to the principal's office?" "Mr Anderson" Apollo says before Poseidon could nod. "Are we almost done? I have an archery class to go to after this." "He's lying!" Dionysus roars from the front row, sitting next to Aphrodite who has by now unzipped her hoodie. Her abs are awesome. So are her ti--- "And you're drunk! Ewww.." she screams so loud I lose my train of thoughts. "And you're a bimbo. Cover yourself up!" Hestia, dressed like an aging nun, says from behind me. "Go on," Eris yells with a grin on her face. "This is so much fun!" "I want that apple!" Hera says and stands up. "Sit down, Hera! Right now!" Mr Anderson yells, but she gives him a middle finger and walks to Eris. "Apple, now!" "Hey!" Aphrodite yells. She stands up and takes her hoodie off. She really has great--- "If you want it," she yells and interrupts my thought, "you'll have to fight me for it!" "Oh, shut up, all of you! You behave like children!" Zeus says. "Don't you dare tell me to shut up, you cheating son of a bitch!" "Wow!" Poseidon yells. "Why are you insulting mom? Also, Mr. Anderson, I need to p---". "Eris, give me the apple!" Hera yells, but Eris sticks her tounge out and then Hera pulls her hair. "Food fight!" Ares yells from his corner, pulls a longsword from his backpack, screams and rushes to join the fight. Soon all other gods join the fight, too. All except me. I stand up and walk to the door. "Mr Anderson," I say "I'm going to the principal's office to report what's going on in here, is that okay?" "Yes! Go there! Now!" I smile. &#x200B; /r/ZwhoWrites 