
"Do we have a deal?" I ask the walrus-like man in front of me. "We shall see", he says, before his eyes run down me and settle on my finger. Leering. His voice turns raspy -- in his head perhaps it sounds seductive. In mine, repulsive. "I like your ring." Does he know, I wonder, that carbon makes up eighteen-percent of the human body? That it is prevalent in every living creature. That it is the basic building block of life. It is also, in his case, likely to be the basic cause of death. He is like Icarus, and has flown to close to the sun. His wings will fall away as he melts. I thank him and tell him it is the purest diamond he'll ever see. That he has good taste. He tells me that he must have it. I tell him he can't afford it. He says, as more men creep out of the warehouse's nooks and crannies like evening shadows, that if I want to do business with him, I'm to stop being such a dumb little bitch. That I am to sell it to him. I tell him that I can't sell it. That it's a souvenir. He asks what of. I say that it's something given to me by the last man who tried to betray me. A man who made me work all hours of the day, sweltering and dizzy and too drugged up to resist. He laughs, his belly swaying independently of his head. My father laughed, too, I tell him. The men approach me. I do not take my eyes off their boss. I hear the click of a gun, then I hear the man who holds it as he screams. I know without looking how he feels. I've experienced it. The thrill of bubbling skin, at any rate. Unlike this man however, I have not known the pleasure of one's own organs collapsing in on themselves, of eyeballs sweating and then exploding like stamped on eggs. Of veiny-river beds bursting and releasing their waters. Other people's screams join the first man, as they too melt down into their basic components. They are a choir of the damned, singing their final hymn. Praising me with their last breaths. "The body on your left," I say to the fat man. The only man still standing. He is pale and sweating now, as if someone placed a wet tissue over his face. "Go to it." He does, eventually. I command him to get down on his knees and search the red-black ooze. It takes him twelve minutes to find it, and he vomits three times in the process. But eventually, he stands up and inspects it. Twirling the diamond between index-finger and thumb. He looks at me again, then begins to laugh. The belly and neck laugh with him this time. "We have a deal." 