
"Long range sensors should show it soon, sir." The tall ni'drassi nodded, leaning back onto his hind legs. His talons tapped against the deckplates - and his eyes gleamed. Beside him, the snuffling sound of someone snorting in amusement drifted over. The captain turned, eyeing his second. "Is there something funny, Tahl?" The younger officer only turned back to his console. "I don't think I've ever seen you look so animated, sir. That's all." "Oh." The captain stared at the viewscreen in front of him, ignoring the flush of happiness seeping through him. "It's understandable," his second said, hurriedly. "I mean...an opportunity like this? It's remarkable." "Yes," the captain said. The steady tap-tapping accelerated. What if he screwed it up? What if he said the wrong thing, started a conflict? The council had put their trust in him. Could he really do it? "Is the module ready?" he said, turning to his aide rather than dwell on the fears. The junior officer jumped, his scaled skin flushing a deeper shad of blue. "Y-yes, sir! Of course. We'll send the translation regimen as soon as we've scanned the area." "Which won't be long," the navigator called, interrupting them with her brusque voice. The malin's lack of manners was more than made up for with her skills at the con, at least. "We're clearing jump in three...two..." With a lurch and the horrible, indescribable feeling of being turned inside out and flipped to normal again, the ship burst out of the bubble and back into normal space. The captain straightened, creeping forward. His lips stretched across his face in a tiny, earnest smile. "Good. Thank you, Pina." The navigator had already leaned back in her chair, ignoring him completely. He didn't care. His eyes were on the screen, sweeping across the scene that no one had seen in almost three hundred cycles - more than five hundred of this world's rotations around its sun. The black of the space behind the planet was as dizzying as ever, prickled with spots of light. In the center, though, there was a patch where the light was blocked out - masked by something that stood between their ship and the distant stars. His talons trembled. Here. They were finally here, ready to break the blockade around a young world. And it was *him*. It'd be a medal on his chest when he got back, yes, but more than that... To see their eyes when he landed? To hear the awe in their voice as they first realized that in the everlasting night of the universe around them, they were not alone? He would be the one to welcome them to the fold. And he'd never been more proud. "Alin," his second said, his voice low. The captain stopped, his heroic thoughts brought to a screeching halt instantly. The younger officer was a friend, yes, but he was always professional when the situation called for it. And this situation very much called for exacting precision. So to hear his name on the lieutenant's lips...the captain's heart nearly stopped beating. "What is it, Tahl?" he said, spinning. Tahl wasn't looking at him. He was still staring at his console, confusion growing across his face. When he didn't reply, the captain started towards him. "Explain, lieutenant." "Something's wrong." The words were enough to bring the captain up short. Tahl looked up, then, and the confusion in his eyes had vanished. No, Tahl wasn't confused anymore. He was *afraid.* Before Alin could say anything, Tahl cut in, saying the words that would change their expedition's entire mission. "The planet...it's dead." --- (/r/inorai for shorter stuff by me /r/Redditserials for longer stuff by me and others) ~~I don't see this as having a super-long story, so I might do 1-2 more parts (this afternon/after I finish some work) just to round it out xD~~ [Part 2!](https://www.reddit.com/r/redditserials/comments/d6i5fh/black_skies_part_2) 