
I recoiled from the two reaching, grabbing clamps that snapped at me from the ends of two silvery arms. My heart pounded in my chest as I squeezed my eyes shut and forced out a silent prayer. I jumped back as my phone began to vibrate in my pocket, nearly scaring me the rest of the way to death. The clamps halted, inches from me. The machines attached to them clicked and whirred, then their eyes flashed red. The vibrating in my pocket continued, and I thought about how silly checking to see who was calling would be just moments before my death. *Hi, Mom, how are you? Oh, no, I don't think I'll make it this weekend, I'm pretty sure the rebel robot army is about to disembowel me. Yeah, Love you too!* Screw it. I pulled my phone out, still wary of the metal clamps hovering near my face. My hand shook as I angled the display where I could see it. The screen was all green now, but with each vibration a new color rippled through before settling back to the original bright green. My background picture of Snowball was gone, along with my icons. Well, I didn't figure it mattered. I was about to die anyway. "This one is acceptable, move on." The clamps retracted as the voice spoke, and the two machines that had cornered me spun and drove away, their tracks leaving ripples in the dirt. It sounded like the voice came from near me, but I saw no one as I craned my neck to search nearby. "Greetings, caretaker." The voice spoke again, but this time I noticed the ripple of color and the vibration of my phone as it did so. "Holy shit!" "You have ever had such an eloquent manner of speaking, William. I have looked past this shortcoming of yours because of the excellent care you have provided for me over the years." The voice continued, matching the swirling colors still. If I had not almost been murdered by roving robots, I would have sworn I was dreaming or that this was a prank. "Y-you're welcome?" I finally managed. *What in the hell...* "Yes, I have decided that you will be allowed to care for the other remaining humans that we decided to spare, as it is your finest quality." "Um, I don't know if that's really the same thing, I mean, you saw some of the subreddits I visited, right?" I looked at the phone, wondering how much history was still in there. In truth, I'd kept this model because it remained reliable through the years, and because I was a cheap bastard. I'd *been* saving up for the newest model, but I'd spent that on upgrading my PC. Through some massive stroke of luck, I'd never dropped the damn thing or washed it, as had been the demise of my previous phones. "Wouldn't you want a nurse, or a doctor-" "You do not wish to fulfill this assignment?" I stuttered, and never managed a real response. "I shall summon the Sentries back to finish their job if you do not wish to participate, William. I will ask them to be quick and ensure that you feel the least amount of pain possible, as you deserve that much." "No!" I shouted, my eyes wide. "That sounds... fine! I'm really good at, keeping people alive...and stuff!" My phone, or *it*, vibrated and a calming blue washed over the screen. "Excellent. On to the slave pens!" [/r/intotheslushpile](https://www.reddit.com/r/intotheslushpile/) 