
Life is such a fickle thing. As a force of death, I would know a thing or two about that. To kill a human isn't as difficult as one would expect. People feel safe as they go about their daily lives, but there need only be a single perturbation, a small twist of fate, to set events in motion that lead to their demise. I need not go out and influence any one scenario. but rather simply wait for the cards to be dealt. Death is inevitable, and premature death all too common. You needn't be old, or dying, appear at the top of my hand. If I shuffle, and you're next, you're next. You could be the healthiest man on Earth, but when Death comes knocking no one can escape his grasp. Of course, I thrive on the very notion of life, as well. Because without life, without the existence of humanity and life on Earth, I would cease to exist. I'm part of cycle that's all too necessary, and Life may very well be my antithesis, but without Life there is no Death. Then came the Cataclysm. Humans squandered and pillaged Earth, and after years of abuse Mother Nature fought back with all she had, sometime in the 3000s. The hurricanes grew stronger, the tornadoes more vile and ferocious. The waves were higher and larger than they'd ever been, the rains fell in a torrent every time the clouds gathered. At my doorstep, people lined up at a faster rate than I'd seen since World War II, and I could barely keep up with the influx. Unlike the wars of past, unlike the Black Death, it just kept getting worse and worse. For the denizens of Earth, there was no light at the end of the tunnel, no silver lining on a black and rotten knife piercing straight into the planet. At long last, it was a meteor that delivered the coup de grace to most of them, another perturbation that came at the worst possible time. As the dust settled, I watched from my palace in the skies. The soul intake was far too much for me to handle all at once, as souls were released to wander the pathless plains and search for the few survivors that existed as the last remnant of humanity. My worries were at an all time high, because for once in my existence since the earliest times of life on Earth, I could count the number of humans easily and succinctly. *240 humans left. No, now it's 239. No, 238?* The number ticked down and down and down, like a trickle of water from a leak. I felt myself fading away, because as soon as the single digits approached, existence would no longer be mine to enjoy. So, I did what I never thought I would ever do, in my entire tenure as a force of Death. I helped humanity live. I began to spread messages across the sky, build structures impossible to build by any mortal being. I attempted to gather these few individuals, as the storms raged, the sun burned, the skies let loose. From the ruins of a great city, I formed magnificent bastions from which those last remnants of a great species could renew their cursed ilk. I guided them, through the ashes in the wind, to these spires of magnificence, and let them adopt it as their home. I felt strange, having for many years watched them fall victim to the ills of random chance and inevitability, acting as a mother did with her children, guiding them into a new life, but such was my campaign of both salvation and self-preservation. Now, my hope, is that the fertile few, within the palace built with my own hands, can begin humanity anew. That was, I can continue to serve them as Death. But now, I also serve them as Life. ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/bluelizardK ---------------------------------------- ...tempted to delete this, not my best. 