
There was a time, not long ago, when I still had something worth clinging to, when the halls of my life had photos hung on them, of a beautiful wife and daughter, a brother and father. How long had it been since that hall was burned down, the photos cracked and smothered in ash? I could hardly remember their faces. I could hardly remember what my daughter's voice sounded like when she died. I'll never forget the words. We were playing a game of hide and seek in the forest, and she'd just found me-- this was before the others were lost to a cruel Earth, and we didn't know better. I closed my eyes, counting to thirty, but was knocked to the ground at just thirteen. There was shrapnel buried in the dirt everywhere, twisted bits of metal rain. It didn't take long for me to find her, cleaved nearly in half just below the waist, her head bloodied. Daisy only screamed one phrase before she died, a stuttered, hollow cry. "You didn't finish counting." It was the trauma, I know. But to have one final moment with your daughter be nothing but the raving madness of impending death... well, that didn't do wonders for my health. I've heard the words in my nightmares almost every night, yet somehow I don't remember what her voice sounds like. I only know the scream. Why had I let her run off? What kind of useless father leaves their daughter alone, even just for a moment, when the world is dying? Her smile laxed me. Our relative safety made me grow weak. I became comfortable, and because of it, my daughter died a horrible, brutal death. What would she say to me, if she ever saw me again? Somewhere amidst ash and rubble, I was huddled under a thermal blanket, scraping peaches out of a can. If you think canned peaches taste bad, try eating them every day for a year. They don't start tasting any better. The sky was dark, as it always was all year round, lightning crackling through plumes of a dying sky. Only at dawn, for about an hour, did the sun slip through at all. The last peach slipped down my throat, can clattering against broken rock; the food had been my only excuse to keep going. Well, that and thinking I really was the last man left on Earth. If I really had been, and I died, that would be the end of our species, the pen lifting off the paper of humanity's great history. But that final peach saved me. There was nothing left to fight for. I lumbered out into a dead forest, burnt and shattered by debris that had fallen from the sky. One tree was cleaved in half, and I stared at it a while, numb and thoughtless, before continuing on my trek to nowhere. There's no telling how long I matched through the ash and deadwood; a journey to nowhere takes forever and no time at all. Eventually, I collapsed. A final, heaving breath scattered ash from the ground, and a single yellow flower poked out from the new clearing. A daisy, parched, drinking the brief morning light while it got the chance. There were a few others, at the base of trees where ash was thinner, dotting the grey with yellow and white. I cleared the ash completely from the one nearest me with a limp hand, setting my palm behind it such that I sheltered it from the ash but let what little sunlight crept uphill at dawn to shine on it. Tears would've fallen if there had been any moisture in me to spare. It sounds ridiculous, but even getting to protect just a single daisy in the ground and keep it alive a little longer made me feel like my life had meant something. It was doomed to die, yes, but maybe it would live to see a few extra sunrises with my help-- more than I'd accomplished with anything else. The pitiful last act of humanity. The embrace of a much-needed rest comforted me into oblivion. Darkness faded into a blinding light. I was, yet I also was not; a weightless body that felt not the heavy tolls of a physical being. There was no smell or taste, no pain or sorrow buried deep inside me. "Finally, Daddy," a voice called-- a voice that was once the heart beating in my chest, and the air in my lungs, one that didn't require remembrance to know it. "Can we start the next round now? It's my turn to hide." She was whole again, smile brighter than the sun ever was, standing with the rest of my family. Their faces looked foreign to me, but they felt like home. I felt their love radiating, entangling with me, melting away the hate I'd built for myself over the years like snow under the sun of a new day. I was whole again, too. ----- */r/resonatingfury* 