
They told me that I may encounter some anomalies during my mission. Command had a feeling that the Russians may have invented the time machine before us, but they could not be too sure about it. The technology was too advanced, too complicated, the whole project was kept under one of our country's tightest wraps. No one but us were meant to possess the technology. At least, that was how it was supposed to be. But as life goes, things rarely turn out the way we expect it to be. "I... am not the real... Hitler," the man who was supposed to be Hitler gurgled in his own blood, as he laid on the floor, his body twitching uncomfortably. He certainly did not sound as German as I expected. I thought I had completed my mission and I was ready to return my timeline. A clean slit across his throat was all it took. "Take... this," the man I thought was Hitler struggled to say, as his hand reached out into his pocket and removed a metal orb. It glowed in a strange blue, its casing made of dark metal. He tried to extend his hand to me, but the blood lost took a toll on him. He slumped dead and the orb dropped on the floor, rolling to my leg. I stood there for a moment, wondering what to do. I was supposed to be happy. After all, it was mission completed. But something about the orb made me stay. It did not look like anything from the World War 2 era. "Congratulations, traveller, you have killed Hitler number 23," a voice suddenly burst out of the orb. A robotic voice, like the my phone's AI back home. The orb flew up and hovered in front of me. "Care to introduce yourself?" My instinct was to reach out for my sidearm and neutralize the threat, but a sharp jolt of electricity struck me, and continued for the next few seconds. The orb was tasing me. I dropped to the floor, unable to move. The orb floated to my gun, followed a bright light and the sound of something breaking. It then flew back to me. "I'm sorry, but I wouldn't recommend violence right now." "Who are you?" I managed to whisper. My whole body felt like it was on fire. "I am TTBot 3.0, and I am here to safeguard Hitler's timeline!" The orb transformed, revealing blinking lights inside its casing. They danced menacingly at me. "You need to be more specific than that," I groaned. What was a bot doing there in the timeline? AI bots were not supposed to be released yet, at least not during my timeline, predicted to only hit testing phase in the next few years. For a fully bot to be functional at the stage I was seeing, it must have been... "You're right!" the bot chimed in. "I am indeed from the future after yours, belonging to a certain time traveler." Was it the Russians? The Chinese? Or perhaps another division? Why was the bot here, before me? I slowly pulled myself up, looking for for avenue to retreat. Command needs to know that the mission was compromised. That I was not the only time traveler. But I did not know the full capabilities of the bot yet. I needed to distract it. "Who is your owner then?" I asked, as my hand slowly slid to my back. I needed to activate the time device without the bot noticing. Somehow the bot did. Another jolt of electricity hit me, this time almost knocking me out. I heard a heart-stopping crack behind me, a sound that I recognized. My device shattered. The bot had destroyed it. "If you must know, I can infer your actions from your brain activity. As for your question, I belong to Master Bob Ross, who has taken Hitler 1 as his student." I rolled over to my back, gasping for breath. The bot was built for torture. Without my device, there was no way to go back. I could not warn command. But someone needed to know. The bot, however, read those thoughts too. "There is no need for anyone to know. Time will pass on as it was supposed to. As it has always been. You, on the other hand, will become the new Hitler." I wanted to protest, to scream no, but another sharp pain overwhelmed me. This time, I felt a needle pierced through my skin, and a warm sensation creeping into my body. My head grew light, my senses numbed. As the world dissolved around me, I heard the last words of the bot. "Welcome, Hitler 24. Your first task will be to issue the Dunkirk Halt Order." -------------- *Wrote this in a jiffy. More tales at /r/dori_tales so be sure to subscribe!* 