
From an early age people had laughed at me. Called me useless. "The power to control paper? What a disappointment." I guess it made sense, my mother was Mind Control Mindy, with a single glance she could control any person's mind and force them to do anything. My dad on the other hand was The Atomic Adam, he thought it was clever because it sounds like atomic atom, he could rearrange objects down to the atomic level so long as he touched them. My older sister was able to control and create fire, my older brother was able to heal any wound. A team of seemingly perfect heroes. Except for me, the boy who could control paper. My parents thought it was a joke. They always used to say "You can't save anyone with paper". Maybe they were right. I never had saved anyone with paper, but I sure had killed a lot of people with it. Ah yes I bet you were wondering why I was using the past tense to describe my family, using "was" and "could". Well quite simply, I killed them. My father was first. He had always said that I was a failure, a disappointment, and that I would amount to nothing, simply because of my superpower, something I had no control over mind you. He had always praised and hugged my sibling when they pulled off huge miracles. When my sister had light her first fire he was sooooo fucking proud of her. When my brother healed his first cut he was sooooo goddamn proud of him. Not a single kind word of praise to me. Well it doesn't matter as he won't be able to talk ever again. Turns out that when you harden and spin a circular piece of paper at a 1,000,000,000 rpm it can cut through just about anything. Including my asshole of a dads head clean off of his body. Next was my mother. She had never been nice to me either. Always a passive aggressive little bitch. At least father was direct and to the point with his insults. "Oh maybe he's just retarded". "Don't worry, I'm sure that SOMEONE will want you, regardless of how useless you are". "You have a face only a mother could love, except that I don't. Not at all". I hated her. Ah well no more insults spewing out of her mouth, it would be difficult to talk with a hole in your head. You see when you shoot a hardened, sharp, piece of paper at 1,000,000,000 mph through someone's forehead, they die. Quite quickly as well. Now onto my little bitch of an older sister. Always laughing at my paper creations. I made beautiful spanning cities out of paper, beautiful bouquets of paper roses and flowers, creations of creatures majestically flying, fighting, living, why I even made awe inspiring clothing out of paper. I softened the paper to feel like cloth and simply manipulated it to the designs in my head. I even had ideas for paper prosthetics, cheap, easy, and effective. I figured that maybe I couldn't be a hero through amazing heroics, but I could be a hero to kids who needed prosthetics. A hero to kids with "useless powers" and show them that you could be amazing in your own way. To create worlds and creatures, beautiful designs to shock millions. I wanted to be an artist. But everything I made was burned by her hands. Every spawning city burned to death by a flood of fire. Every beautiful rose wilted by her fire and mocking laugh. I tried to ignore it, brace through it, and try to make peace with her. So I made her a beautiful dress, made to accentuate each of her curves and to show her beauty in a class way. I was almost grateful for her actions as she showed me that my powers could be used for fashion. And yet every dress I made, burned as she laughed. A truly mocking laugh, cutting me to the core. Calling me a retard. She was impudent and arrogant to the end. Bet you didn't know that huh? As she was chained up to the wall she snorted and said, "Do your worst little retard. A fire could never be cut down by a piece of paper." Ah but she screamed as a thousand tiny pieces of paper consuming and cutting her flesh, in the same fashion of the fire that consumed my creations. Such a satisfying death. And you brother. Supposedly the "nice one" of the family. And yet you never stopped them. Let them do whatever they pleased with me. When I cried at night, you never once came and comforted me. I know you heard my cries, the walls were oh so thin. Look at me brother. The once "retarted, useless, weak, ugly brother" of yours is dominating the world.  Oh yes I did hear you. Look at me now. I am the supreme dictator of Europe, none dares appose me. You managed to escape me in the past... now I wonder what I shall do to you... Perhaps you will serve as a reminder to my people of what happens when you oppose me.... 