
"*OOF, MAKE ENTRY*" I hear ordered over my helmet as I break position from our file and move to the front of the bunker. My name wasn't always "OOF" by the way. They used to call me Denis. I grew up on a little farm in the old quarter on earth. Joined up with the Space Force when I was barely old enough to shave. My parents told me it was a stupid idea, dad actually decked me the day I shipped out, but who wants to harvest corn all day? I took the first shuttle off to Mars on September 22 3032 and learned something far better than farming : *explosives*. It was this particular skill set that paved my way to enter the Galactic Commandos a decade later, when Humanity joined the Galactic Counsel in the Eternal War. Turns out that despite having over a dozen member species on the Council, all with favored means of destruction, "Conventional" warfare had never evolved to include explosives for them. That's where Humans come in. "Placing charges" I comm to my team, 7 of the hardest, baddest killers in the galaxy. I find it funny that Hurk, our pointman who is a Goran with 6 arms, can throw a small car like a baseball, and *literally* weighs a ton, is actually frightened by explosives. He doesn't like anything smaller than him that makes more noise than he does I guess. "Set!" I call, and they all instinctively shrink away from the door. I can hear Meek, a brainy hellius who looks like an alien straight from the old 21st century video games, begin playing Hellenic classical music in his helmet. Hellis can do 12 math problems in their heads at once, but can't stand the chaos caused by a couple kilos of Compound-6. "5" I begin my countdown as they all brace for the coming explosion. "4" Donny, our team leader and a plurian who's real name is something I can't pronounce without an additional 3 tongues, begins his nervous teeth clicking "3" I admire the shape of the charges I just laid before returning to the file. I'm an *artist*. "2" I think I can actually hear Chlora hyperventilating over the comms, or whatever weird shit Mogans do when they're scared. "1" "unnghhh" I hear Hurk groan as he compacts his body like a giant cat and tries to plug his ears, despite wearing a helmet. "Knock Knock" I call as I hit the detonator. I see the most beautiful orange flash with just a hint of green, like one of those sunsets, before part of the wall disappears in a cloud of smoke. "Oooooff" Hurk grunts at the on-coming headache before leading our file charging into the Hurk-and-a-half sized hole I just made in the wall. Yes, that's how I got my name. Edit: their -> they're, I may be an artist but I'm also an idiot it seems. 