
His eyes were weary. The rain beat down on the ruins of a once-majestic castle. It seemed to be hundreds, perhaps thousands of years old. It stood at the top of a cliff, overlooking the ocean. Once in a while, a rock would fall from the crumbling towers, to splash in the water far below. He sat atop the highest tower, alone. Watching. He was the last of the Order, now. Gerard had not arrived to serve his watch, and twenty hours had passed since. The both of them had been close to eighty years of age, so it was not unexpected. They had known it was coming for twenty years, really. Since Michael passed away, the two remaining members of the Order had been forced to keep watch in shifts, neither of them able to leave to spread the cause. Not that it mattered. The Order was viewed as a cult by most of the world. Their teachings were so strange, so alien, that very few were inclined to take them seriously. Their last disciple, forty years ago, had left after less than a week. But the fact remained that the Order was the key to the survival of the world. In ages past, during the first Creation War, the multitudes of demons had been first defeated and sealed in a prison of light. The prison did not hold, and evil was let loose upon the world. This time, the Authority sealed them in a prison of fire. But they absorbed the fire, rebelling once again, growing smarter and stronger. The Third Creation War had been hard-fought, and Good had nearly lost. But this time, the demons were sealed in a prison of rock and water, to fetter their movements and quench their fire. And finally, the threat was contained. However, the demons were powerful; given time, their flames could overcome the water that was critical to their imprisonment. And so the Authority made Man, to watch over the demons and ensure that they would never escape. Once, the Order had been the pinnacle of mankind. They were the bearers of its purpose, the reason for mankind's existence. But over time this purpose had been forgotten, the Order shunned. He was the last of them all. And his eyes were weary. He had not slept in thirty-two hours. The rain helped. The cold kept him alert, and each drop was a reminder of his duty. *I am the watcher on the walls.* He knew he could not keep this up forever. He was nearing the limits of his endurance, and even if he did not sleep for the rest of his life, he would eventually die of starvation, or old age. He thought of the people he was protecting. All around the world, people were continuing with their daily routine, unaware of the great terror that would soon befall them. Somewhere out there, children were playing. Somewhere, lovers held each other under the shade of a tree, whispering to each other. Everywhere, people were living. *I am the shield that guards the realms of men.* Mankind was doomed. But he was determined to hold out for as long as he could. Even for just an hour. Even for a minute. Humanity had forsaken him. There would be no stories told. Yet, he would give everything he had, just to buy them another minute of blissful ignorance. His eyes began to close. He knew it was happening, but try as he might, he could not get them to open again. His mind felt... looser. Unfocused. His vision grew darker. He could see it happening. He could feel it. He hated it. But his mind was splintering from his body. He could almost feel them pulling apart, the loose threads of his consciousness stretching... ...thinning... ...breaking. His head slumped forward. His eyes were closed. For a moment, nothing happened. There was a deep rumbling from below. The ground shook. People stopped what they were doing and glanced at each other, confused and fearful. And the oceans began to boil. 