
The Choice was made known to the world by those who had died but were revived. They all told the same story; when you died, you could choose either Heaven or Hell. Knowledge of The Choice changed the world, but not for the better. What did it matter what you did in life if you could just choose where you went in the end? So those who had loose moral compasses tended to tip towards the terrible. My life was fairly normal but I would dabble in theft, lies, and drugs when the situation arose. When I killed that little girl though, my life was forever altered. It had been an accident, I was high off my mind on something, I don't even remember what, when I drove into her as she tried to cross the street. The screams of her mother, the blood on the pavement, the screech of my tires as I sped away... All of it was imprinted in my mind like a never ending movie on repeat. I lived my life well after that. I volunteered, I gave to charity, I even opened a foster home for troubled children so that they wouldn't follow the same path I did. I became a pillar in the community, always a strong compass leading others towards good. By all accounts, the majority of my life was lived well, but when I finally died, surrounded by my friends and loved ones, and I gazed upon the two doors presented to me, one of golden filigree, the other hard iron and rust, hesitation washed over me like a wave. The little girl flashed before my mind, the sounds and smells of the scene caused tears to leak from my old and tired eyes. Yes, I had lived well after the accident, but I never forgave myself. Nothing I could do in my life would correct the grievous wrong I had committed that day. Perhaps if I had been given this choice all those years ago, I wouldn't have hesitated, and would have leaped at the chance to escape my terrible fate, but now... now I can see and understand the weight of my choices that day. Taking a shuddering breath, I grasped the cold, hard handle, and opened the door. Wiping the rust from my hand onto my pants, I stepped through and was greeted by a grey room occupied by a small figure. I looked into her soft brown eyes and told her what had been haunting me my entire life. "I'm sorry." I said, my voice barely a whisper. "I'm so, so sorry." As she smiled gently at me, the weight of my guilt began to lift from my shoulders. When she slipped her small hand into mine, leading me back towards the door I had entered, I understood The Choice. Yes, we could choose between Heaven and Hell, but that did not mean we would escape judgment. It did not mean our choice would be respected if we were not deemed worthy by those we had wronged. "I waited for you." She said, her voice was sweet but determined in a way only a child's could be. "I knew you'd take that door. I'm glad I waited." "Me too." I replied huskily as brightness filtered from the opened door into the room. Squeezing my hand in encouragement, she led me through into the light. 