
"Pass me the bottle," Martin asked, as they reached the top of the stairwell and stumbled out onto the terrace. Beneath them, the neon-night of the city sprawled into the distance. "Why are we up here?" asked Isabella, giggling a little as she raised the bottle to her lips. "Because!" said Martin, before taking first the bottle, then a long swig. He let the bubbles dance inside his mouth until they became flat. It might not be champagne, but it was the best someone like him could afford. "What do you see, when you look up at the heavens, Izzy?" he asked. "Oh, not this again," she replied, playfully rolling her eyes. "Come on. Humour me." She bit her lip and looked up at the endless darkness. "Well, there's the moon." "And..." "And, nothing. There's nothing else up there, Martin. Just, the same as always." Martin sighed and sat down on the building's ledge, placing the bottle on the ground by his feet. "There is something up there, you know. *Our future*." Isabella sat down next to him, resting her head on his shoulder. "I know, sweetheart." "Did I ever tell you why I became an astronomer?" "I... I don't think so?" "When I was six years old," Martin began, "I saw the stars for the first and *final* time. There had been a power cut where I lived." "Power cut?" "Yes. There wasn't enough energy, I suppose, to keep the buildings lit. The city around me blinked twice, and then rested its eyes in the darkness." "Sounds kinda scary." Martin smiled and draped an arm around Isabella. "It wasn't scary, because the darkness had revealed something beautiful within it. *The heavens*." Isabella picked up the bottle and raised it to her lips. "And... did you see God up there?" she mocked. "In the heavens?" "No, not God exactly... but the stars up there were so *plentiful*, it seemed to me that God must have knocked over a jar of sugar, spilling tiny, sweet crystals all over the heavens. I sat on top of the apartment roof for the next thirty minutes gazing open mouthed at the wonders that hung above - until the lights came back on, snuffing out the sky." "Okay. I guess that sounds kind of romantic." Martin smiled. "Yes. And it was thrilling, too. Some used to say that looking up at the stars only made you realise how insignificant you actually are. I didn't feel insignificant - I just felt... *lucky*." "To see them?" "To be part of them." Martin hugged Isabella close to him; she snuggled into his coat, as harp-strings of moonlight bathed them in a pale glow. "I wish I could have seen them," Isabella said. Martin nodded. "As the stars above were extinguished, something inside of me was lit. Since that day, I've studied them through pictures taken back when the land had been something other than just a sprawling mass of endless cities." "It must be frustrating for you. To know they're up there, but always just out of sight. "Yes. It is. I've often thought of doing something - *anything* - just to see them again." For a moment, they were both silent as the cool evening breeze brushed over them. Then, almost abruptly, Martin stood up and reached into his jacket pocket, pulling out a small, frayed box. He flipped it open. "Will you, Izzy?" he asked, falling onto one knee. "Will you marry me?" Isabella raised a hand to her mouth. "Yes," she whispered through her fingers. Isabella shook as she took the ring from the case. There was a tiny *click* as it left the box, but she didn't notice. "Yes," she repeated. A distant rumble ran through the air like far away thunder. The city around them blinked twice, and then rested its eyes in the darkness. "*What - what's going on?*" Isabella asked. "Look above you," Martin instructed. Isabella gasped as tiny specks, like a scattered jar of sugar, began to appear in the sea of black. Her tears sparkled with starlight as Martin pulled her toward him, and gently pressed his lips against hers. --- Thanks for reading! I also wrote an unrelated dark scifi response for this prompt that most people seem to think was better - you can read that on /r/nickofnight 