
He stood there with rain dripping from the rim of his baseball cap. The hand on her gun tightened. "What the hell?" "I don't need to stay. Just take her and I'll leave." He shuffled under the weight of the woman's body. Water dripped through the flimsy jean jacket covering her torso. If it wasn't for the uncanny echo of desperation in his eyes she would have shot him in the face. His cheeks were flushed with effort. "Drop her and back away from the door." The words rolled from between clenched teeth. He glanced at the puddle on the doorstep, "But the wate--" "--Do it or take her somewhere else." She drew her firearm but kept it pointed at the ground as a threat. Panic surged through his face and he laid the woman down gently on the porch. His hands remained clear when he lifted them in surrender. "Please, I swear this isn't a trick." "Just keep your hands high." She bent over and gingerly patted the woman down. With her gun she motioned him to lean against the wall as she checked for weapons. He was clean. ***** "Why the hell didn't you just drop her off at a police station?" By now they'd carried the woman to bed and she was safely tucked away in the guest room. She had him sit in the farthest armchair of the living room while she watched. Her gun lay beside her on the side table. "Believe it or not I don't trust cops to keep their hands to themselves." He leaned forward and put his head in his palms. "Look... It's been a rough night. Just let me go home." "Tell me what happened first." He scowled at her. "Is this to delay me for something? If I dare hear a police siren--" "--You'll what? Run?" Her hand hovered threateningly over the weapon again. He flinched at the motion. "Asshole." The anger in his face deepened, "I certainly won't be around to help girls at parties anymore if I'm in prison." She sighed. "Nobody's coming." Her hand returned to a place of neutrality, "Just tell me what happened." A heavy breath soothed him as he laid back and stared up at the ceiling. "What is there to tell? Don't pretend you can't already guess what I pulled her from." His hand tightened around the armchair. "Obviously you expect to hear the story of drunken rape? Roofied drinks between backroom gang bangs? By now that narrative of rape is practically a cultural icon. There are no surprises in human depravity anymore." Her eyes widened. "Was she abused like that?" "--No! No. I got her out of there in time." "What about the perpetrator?" "What about him?" "Did you deal with him?" He raised his eyebrows at her, "What? Was I supposed to beat him up in some back alley? Roundhouse kick him while carting a full grown woman in my arms?" "Ah." She looked at him with an awkward silence, "I suppose not." This was the fourth time they had ever been in the same room together. She had never noticed it during those long, caffeine driven interrogations but his eyes seemed to betray a softness. He was more weathered than she remembered. "Want to go hunt him down? Bring him in?" Her tone changed as she said it. "Then what? Dismiss him for lack of evidence?" He scowled again, "--No thanks." She shifted uncomfortably in her seat and returned her hand to its position over the gun. "Maybe..." She hesitated and looked between him and the firearm, "--Maybe... we could try things your way?" "Assassination? Are you crazy?" "No! No! I just mean rough him up a little." He smirked and was already reaching for his soaked jean jacket. "Really. I don't know where you got the idea that I engage in such violence." The little chuckle he gave betrayed his delight at his own joke. She belted the gun and stood up. "Where can we find him?" He pulled a cell phone from his pocket. He tapped the glass and showed her its lock screen. "I'm just waiting on a call now." "From your contacts?" He struggled to hide the look of pained disdain that now moved across his face. "You really have no idea how crime operates do you?" He pointed to the distasteful picture displayed as the lock icon, "This is his phone. I stole it. I am waiting on his friends to call his number for him." Her eyes stared blankly at it. "So... You've had this all planned out from the start?" "Well-- I didn't exactly think a *you* were going to join me, but yes." She rose her eyebrows and regarded him with a sense of awe and fear. Something nagged at her consciousness. "Let me use the restroom before we go." "Sure thing." In the privacy of the tiled bathroom she hastily scribbled a note on a piece of toilet paper. *If I go missing, suspect number one on the Quinton murders (recently at large) is involved. My cell gps records tonight will help you find him.* She signed it and wrote the date before tucking it behind her toothbrush in the cabinet. It was time to break the law. **Very happy with this so far. Still new to Reddit. I'll consider building on this. 