
"Where the fuck is the money?" "Go to hell." My fist slammed into Giovanni's face. It was no impressive feat to beat a man strapped to a chair, but this man was responsible for the death of my brother and two of my cousins. And he knew the location of around two million in cash, which I thought would look a lot better in my hands. So I punched him again. Giovanni spat a bloody tooth onto the concrete floor. "Fuck you," he blubbered. I raised my fist again, but was interrupted by the sound of my phone ringing. Taking it out of my pocket, I saw the call was from my niece. "Hello?" "Hey! So I'm at the store and I need some help with-" "Tina, you know this store is just a front, right? I don't care what happens with it, as long as it's not burning down." "Oh...well...it's just that we have a customer. A couple...they want to buy some stuff." My jaw dropped. Someone actually wants to buy something? I had $20 chairs marked for $850. The centerpiece of the store was a couch marked for $1500. I'd found it on the side of the road after a rainstorm. "Well," I started, "Sell them stuff. Let's make some money." "Ok...hold on, the wife wants to talk to you." What the fuck? She wants to talk to me? "Fine. Put her on." I heard the phone exchange hands, and I was greeted by a shrill, young-sounding woman on the other end. "Hiii! So you're the owner of this store?" I cleared my throat. "Yes ma'am, I am." "Well, I wanted to say that I absolutely love it! We're getting the dining room set, the couch, some end tables-" "Ma'am, don't get me wrong but...you're actually buying this stuff?" "Of course! I'm a huge fan of hobo chic." "Hobo chic?" What was she even talking about? "You've never heard of it? It's dressing and decorating as if you were a hobo. So, stained, broken, damaged, you get the idea. And your store is just perfect!" God, I hated this woman already. But, I liked money more. "Oh, well I'm glad you like my products." "I don't just like them. I LOVE them. And I want to shout out your store on my Instagram." Wow, great. Maybe she'll get me one customer. "Sure, go ahead." "Are you sure you have the inventory?" "The inventory? I'm pretty sure we'll be fine." I chuckled. This woman was delusional. "Well I do have 4 million followers, so just making sure, ya know. Anyway, thanks for the amazing furniture! Bye bye." I stuck my phone back in my pocket. "Giovanni!" The bloodied man jumped in fear. "Keep your damn money. I have some furniture to sell." /r/AerobaticElephant 