
Walking on eggshells at all times is something that's unbelievably frustrating. Imagine having to watch every word you say, and not only having to hold in every ounce of anger, but also having to try and not feel anything negative unless you want the fires of hell to rain down everywhere in your immediate viscinity. This is my life, all thanks to Fred. It's hard to explain exactly what Fred does, so I'll demonstrate with an example of my first encounter with him. Before Fred, I was always an angry driver - it's not something I'm proud of, but it was part of who I am. It was also how I was introduced to Fred. On an ordinary day in traffic, some jackass cut me off. He was driving one of those oversized pickup trucks that are usually used for overcompensating - his style was complete with a bald head, Under Armour sunglasses, goatee, tobacco chew and borderline racist bumper stickers. I screamed something to the effect of "fuck that guy!" at the top of my lungs. Little did I know what I had just unleashed. Without warning, Fred appeared out of nowhere, sprinting past cruising vehicles at lightning speed just as naked as the day he was born. He was 10 feet tall, covered in flames that dripped from his enormous body, and sported a 20+ inch appendage at full mast that was decorated with spiked horns. He confidently strode to the front of the bald truck man who had cut me off, stopped his little man's truck with one hand, and tore off the driver side door with ease. I won't go into detail with everything, but Fred locked eyes with me the entire time while holding a friendly grin from ear to ear and the occasional thumbs up. His facial expression was almost the one a puppy would have as you play with it, innocently seeking my approval but completely oblivious to his generally unacceptable actions. After feeling that he'd taught the driver a sufficient lesson, Fred snapped his fingers and vanished into thin air. It took awhile to get used to after the shock had worn off. There were many mistakes in the beginning as I began to learn what behaviors and feelings triggered Fred's appearances. The count of terrible things is too high to know, but they range from launching my boss from a 3 story building, throat punching an old lady who worked at the DMV and then burning the building down, body slamming my mother-in-law through the Christmas dinner table, and appearing on television to gruesomely assassinate a politician in the middle of a speech I was watching with that same innocent smile on his face. There was even this one time I got into an argument with a redditor about whether he had found a mine or not, and the user promptly disappeared afterwards and was never heard from again. I think it was Fred. 