
Kryvex had come to Planet X56 - known in the vernacular of its inhabitants as 'Earth' - to ask questions he didn't know. His dissertation, catchily titled "Nonviolent Dispute Resolution Between Xenomorphous Lifeforms and It's Biosociological Underpinnings", had hit a brick wall. His advisor at the Intergalactic Peace Foundation had suggested a summer research trip to Planet X56 to gain first hand experience of the galaxy's most notoriously nonviolent race. The library building in New London was... well, it just was. It loomed over the pristine city, a monolith of lead and concrete to protect against the radiation that permeated the planet's atmosphere. Inside it was artfully decorated in a style known as "Victorian", with plush leather armchairs and thick red carpets that curled reassuringly up around your toes (Kryvex had not yet gone so native as to start wearing shoes, although he had allowed his hosts to dress him in a loose fitting robe "for modesty's sake"). By his tenth day in the library, he browsed the stacks in frustration. They had remarkably little literature on conflict. Perhaps that was not surprising for a species that was so peaceful, but it began to weigh on Kryvex. After all, Hurgen's Law was generally accepted by even the most radical Peace scholars on the galaxy. He slipped a slim volume on a gentleman called Hannibal back onto the shelf (apparently this man was an ancient general who had given his opponents a gift of a thousand elephants and forged a long lasting peace), and noticed the door. It was a demure door, skulking unostentatiously at the back of the room. Kryvex must have missed it before, his ten eyes glancing over it in their haste to peruse the library's shelves. Bored and desperate, he went over and tried the handle. It was locked. Kryvex rattled it in frustration. But his hosts had said that he should make himself at home in the library... The much stronger gravity on Kryvex's home world had the advantage of making him much stronger than these humans. He gave the doorknob a wrench, and pushed the splintered door open. Inside was an elevator. There were ten buttons, each marked with a basement floor that was absent from the official visitors map. Kryvex peered at the labels with sudden alarm. Level B1: Early Conflict. Level B2: Greek and Roman Wars. And so it went on, all the way down to B10, which simply read "The Final War". With some trepidation, Kryvex pressed the button marked B10. *Continued below...* 