
"So I get to heaven?" They always ask this. Never, "Oh wow, there exists an existence beyond this world, how amazing!". Never, "Oh Satan... I really love what you've done with your horns." To be fair, they'd occasionally comment on how they expected Satan to be taller. I'm a goat walking on his hind legs. Have you ever met a goat before? They're not super big. I finally answer the spiteful little peons question: "Yes, you get to heaven, but..." "Seriously? Even though I am known throughout the world as Henry Myers, Murderer of Butterflies?" This is pretty normal also. "Yes", reply, "but if you'd listen, I think you might want to reconsider..." "No way! I'm going to heaven!". And with that, Henry Myers, Murderer of Butterflies flies upward into oblivion as a dozen small angels recite a rude song about Gabriel's dietary habits. Oh well. Another one lost. That's a shame, but it's to be expected. You'd think, that after 1000 years of this pablam I'd be used to it. But still, every time, the rejection stings a little. I'm about to return to hell. It's better than you'd think. A little lonely, but warm. I have a nicely furnished apartment, and a quaint little garden. The lack of sunlight makes the second part difficult, but I do my best. But wait! In a building two blocks down, a single woman in her forties named Susan is about to be torn apart by her own rebellious cats. I show up as quick as possible, but alas, no luck this time. Susan spends her last moments praising god, and telling me that I will lose in the eternal war, and be cast forever into the lake of fire, bla, blah, blahblah. I kind of get that. It's the horns mostly. People always take that as a sign that I'm the bad guy. They never notice how diligently clean they are, or that I've carefully rounded the ends, or how they're not black at all, but rather a lovely shade of deep navy blue. Susan vanishes in a flash of light, and a gross limerick recited in the baby voice of a angel. I'm about done for the day. Time to go home and make a nice cup of tea. Everyone else can go straight to heaven as far as I'm concerned. But, for whatever reason, I stick around. There's a death just over the horizon and this one's interesting. A girl of 19, a runaway, just died. She never gave in. Unfortunately, the rickety apartment roof did. It's sad. I honestly shouldn't waste my effort with the sad one's. They tend to look to heaven for relief. But, I ride the sulfur express, and moments later I'm at her apartment. Emily doesn't seem particularly surprised to see a short and stocky goat man, with red-pink fur and navy horns appear next to her as she dies. She simply looks at me. She expects to go to hell, to be tortured. Maybe she thinks she'll meet her father there. Maybe she thinks he'll do the torturing. It's hopeless, but I do my schpeel anyway: "You get to heaven" No reaction. "But I'd like to offer you the option to go to Hell." That's the way I have to present it. Ancient laws and all that. She seems to think it over, then responds: "What's Hell like?" (Part 1/2 ) 