
"It's like... looking through a history book..." she said softly, as if they would be offended. "Actually, you're not far off." I replied, trying to calm the thoughts that I imagined were racing through her head. "How long have you known? About...this?" I could hear the disdain building in her voice. "About six months. I almost overlooked it, but when I starting reading back through my father's notes, is was painfully obvious: They're alive." "My grandmother always told me they were statues of a long forgotten race. Commemorating their dead, great leaders from their history" "Well it looks like the statues themselves are the forgotten race. It all adds up when you look at the larger picture. Remember when we studied the floating fortresses? I've found documents that refer to them as "Aeroplane's". Apparently the big round ones are called 'Blimps'. Oh, and the animals! They're genetically modified creations, brought about to feed their population! The animals grow, and live, just as slowly as their creators. They even play with certain ones that they call 'Dogs'. I can't tell if that's a single species or a collective term however. Some look similar to one another, but others are drastically different. There's differences in colors, muscle tone..." slowly my voice drifted off. I could tell that I was losing her focus. With a look of dissatisfaction, she exclaimed "I don't CARE about their animals Watkins! I'm a Sociologist! Tell me about their languages, their customs! Hell, tell me about their HISTORY! That's the reason you've called me here in the first place!" I was taken back by her outburst. I failed to realize just how big this breakthrough would be for her field. "My apologies Emma. Sometimes I forget how invested you are in your research..." Following a regretful sigh, she said,"I'm sorry for yelling. The best thing you can do for everyone is stick to what's relevant. So, Mr. Watkins, please continue." "Alright. Well, I guess I should start with time. You know how we measure time, right? In relation to a photon in a vacuum chamber? It looks like they actually base theirs off the position of their planet around the local star. As a result, they appear to literally...'Live slower' than we do. I haven't quite worked out the details yet, but... " "Wait a minute" Emma intruded, "I thought the speed of light was a constant? How can they 'live slower'? It doesn't make any sense..." "My thoughts exactly." I continued, "Until this morning when I had a breakthrough. You see, time is dependent on the observer. That's what the whole 'relativity' thing was about. But this.... This is unique. My best guess is that their neurology operates... Differently from ours. This troubled me, until I realized the main difference. The clue was in their time keeping!" Perplexed, she admitted "I think you're starting to lose me again...." "Their star. It's a medium, relatively long-living type. Much warmer of a planet, more chances for life to evolve. Much DIFFERENT from our home world. You remember the stories, don't you?" "Of course I know the stories. It's what this entire stupid mission is about! We evolved around a cluster of microscopic black holes, near the Milky Ways Center." "Now tell me," I asked inquisitively, "How do you think that affects evolution? Their star is much... Older. They have more time. Literally no pressure, in a cosmological sense, to speed thing up. They're not statues, no, instead the biology of this planet is...conserving energy by expending it in the slowest way possible." Shocked, Emma asked "Does that mean..." "Yes. We've finally found the perfect host DNA. We'll be able to return home!" "We've got to inform The Council!" she exclaimed as she burst out of the office doors, heading towards her Father's office. Begrudgingly I thought to myself "Yes...we should... But at what expense..." 