
"A fine...mead?!" Rorik shouts over the din of the tavern. His companions smile and nod along with him as he sings some old barbarian tune. Sings it wrong. They don't tell him that though. Delia, the group's cleric leans over to their mage. "Do you think he knows?" Melvar just shakes his head and holds out a palm towards their massive friend. Friend as of lately, of course. Rorik was a massive pain for the group long before the shifter stole his face. "He definitely doesn't but...I think I like him. Rorik was a bit of a jerk, always running off into the dungeons with that stupid battlecry. Remember when we went into the Crypt of Alohar, how many good people did he get killed?" "Yeah...he's kinda cute now. Like a child or something." They both watch Rorik move around the tavern with his mug and talk to other groups of adventurers. He's loud but not overbearing. He listens to the stories of others instead of telling his own. He drinks but not to excess. He is nothing like the barbarian they all had come to know and... Melvar doesn't quite finish the thought. "You know what Del, I like him. I know he's a shifter but look at everyone. We all know and he's trying so hard to be like Rorik but he just can't. I don't think there's a mean bone in that thing's body. You know that he hasn't made fun of my beard once, not in months." She snorts. The young mage was trying so hard to grow it out and he'd been self-conscious about it for months. A warrior passing by their table to his own party leans over and whispers it to the pair. "You should keep him. He's an improvement." "Friends!" Rorik shouts, sitting again at their table, "What fun! And we do this between every adventure? And people give us gold to go on those adventures? To spend here? Amazing!" He is off again before they can even respond. "Do you think The Dwarf knows?" Melvar watches Rorik join another random group of adventures and sing yet another song. Still wrong. Delia shrugs. "I don't know and I don't care. We're gonna keep him. He's like a dog or something. But useful." Melvar strokes his "beard" for a moment. "Alright, we'll keep him. But I swear if he ever makes fun of my beard-" "What? You'll strangle him with one of your wisps? You should really shave, you're looking more like a magical hobo than a wizard. 'I cast: smell of unwashedness!'" As she walks away laughing at her own joke Melvar narrows his eyes. He lifts his mug and mutters something into it before drinking. "I'll replace you too if I have to..." 