
"*Today, on Sixty Minutes, we have an incredible piece. An interview with a policeman known for his work with the Scooby Gang, who wishes to remain anonymous.*" A black silhouette stalked into view, then the camera panned back to Lesley Stahl. "Thank you for agreeing to do this interview, sir." "Yeah, sure. Ain't nothin'." "So, tell me- you worked with the Scooby Gang for how long, exactly?" "'Bout ten years or so." "And you imprisoned how many of these... Bad guys?" "I dunno, lady. Thousands, probably." "I see. That's quite a rep. Now, would you say that, after all the cases they aided with in the police force, the Scooby Gang profited off these arrests?" "Absolutely. We gave 'em a few awards for excellence, they got some bounty money over the years, and of course sponsorships and such from bein' famous. Worked out pretty well for them." "Sounds like it. Now, you said you had a... Secret. Something the Gang has been hiding from us." "Yeah, well... We all seen the unmaskings, right, where the bad guy gets revealed. Well, that ain't the whole thing. Nobody shows the screaming. The crying. The begging. They alls shout when they get unmasked, saying they don't know where they are, where they been. They cry and cry and insist they don't remember anythin'. It's... horrible. Not a one of 'em didnt cry and beg, but nobody wanted to ask questions. Chief was too happy with numbers." "I see. And what do you think that means?" "I- well, this **** is gonna be anonymous, right?" "Your privacy is safe." "Aite. I think they been using some... I dunno. Black magic, or some ****. Making people into monsters, then changing them back and 'solving the mystery'. That explains everything, the crying, the memory loss. Good people doin' bad stuff." "That's quite a claim. If so, then who would be the mastermind of this? One of the Gang? Someone else?" "I know who. That damn meddling mutt. He speaks sometimes, in bad English. **** is creepy. It ain't right. I'm willing to bet money that dog has some ties to the Devil, or whatever. Voodoo. Changin' people into monsters. His owner, Shaggy? That real dumb-lookin' one, the pothead? I seen him, too, sometimes, just... Staring off in the distance. Mumblin' to himself, twitchin' his fingers. Scooby was always right behind him when that happened. Got me thinkin', if Scooby can make monsters into people... maybe we don't really know who the rest of the gang is." "You think the dog is behind all of this?" "I'm telling ya, lady. That Scooby ain't right. I'd get sick when it looked at me sometimes. Stared at me, real hard. Beady eyes. Sayin' some words. That thing ain't a dog." */r/resonatingfury* 