
Is it possible to be alive when you're really just a disembodied consciousness? The question lingers on my lips as my sword passes through a player's avatar, bisecting them at the waist. As he falls, his party's Cleric raises her hands to invoke the blessing of her God, weaving the conjuration for *vitality*. She manages two symbols before she no longer has hands to cast with. She slumps to her knees, blood spewing from her stumps. I turn, not one to miss a beat at the sight of gore. The Paladin faces me, encased in light, greatsword outstretched in the motion for a duel. Normally, if one were to capitulate to such a challenge, they'd be locked in a fight with the Paladin, unable to interact or be damaged by those around them. *Normally* being the operative word. I tap swords to initiate the duel before spinning around, finishing the party's thrashing remains of a Cleric and completing the arc at the neck of the Rogue who'd been poised to backstab me once the duel was finished, invisible to all but myself and his allies. The Paladin barely has time to comprehend what has occurred, squandering what precious few seconds he has before my sword embeds itself in his chest, evaporating his aura of light and leaving him impaled on my weapon. "*Yo-you're hacking*," he splutters, blood trickling from his lips despite the game's R-13 rating. Even if I exist as a part of it, the game doesn't quite seem to register me as an entity within its confines; rather, I'm defined by the factors which would've limited me as a human. As an adverse effect, so are those that engage with me. That is to say, the blood isn't a part of the game. It's all too real. "Not hacking," I chide, unsheathing the weapon from his chest, a quick boot to the man's kidney leaving him on his back. I plant my foot on his chest, the extremities of my armour twisting against his wound, accelerating the blood-loss. The game doesn't constrain me. I'm an outsider, a predator in a foreign land, and every player is my quarry. "Just better than you," I finish, leaning forward to wipe my blade on his armour. *No exceptions.* Already, his form is losing tangibility, disintegrating as cracks begin to run up along his skin like spiderwebs. The player is dying. He opens his mouth to ask a question; possibly a *why*, a *how* or a *who*. All the usual cliches, trying to uncover a mystery that doesn't lend itself to being discovered or made sense of. Before he can finish, I slice his throat, letting my weapon fall beside him. It reforms in its sheath, *thunking* into position as I turn on my feet, leaving another party of dead behind me. I'm not technically alive; I'm merely a ghost, a 'digital phantom' as they say. I clench my fist, the blood trickling in between my fingers. But *this*, this makes me feel more alive than I ever could have. The blood, the rush, the adrenaline thumping through an artificial body. It's paradoxical, this pleasure. This simulacrum of reality. Fuck the real world. I'm at home right here. 