
I thought I would be prepared, the same way an electrician would know to change his own lightbulbs. After all, I had turned this from a hobby into... a profession of sorts. And that's not even counting the space of 50 years, that yawning gap of time since Dad left. That's a long time for memories to dull, for emotions to temper. In truth, the tears still flowed freely and uncontrollably. Dad looked just like how I had always remembered him. "Are you... Martin?" he said. There was a wild panic seizing him, and for a second I worried he would drop the groceries right there on the porch. "Jesus, you... look just like my boy. What the hell is happening... I just... everything is different..." I refrained from hugging him, and instead guided him to the hall, made him take a seat. I clasped his hands in mine, and marvelled at how real they felt. "Thank you for trying, Prunae," I said, using the formal honorific they preferred. "But I'm alright, I really am." "What are you talking about? Where's your mother? Is she still-" "Please, you're doing more harm than good at this point. I would like you to leave, please." Dad started to protest again, but he evidently thought twice, then grimaced. With a sigh, he snapped his fingers, and the glamour began to fall away, the same way a candle's armour of wax yields to the wick's flame. I had never witnessed this before. Not directly, like this, not even after I've helped more than two hundred families try to locate their missing family members. It had started as a way to cope, a mere distraction, a single person's efforts to help others track their family down, when law enforcement could assist no further. And that's when I started to encounter the Prunae. It's hard to say with certainty what they are. I have neither the training to scientifically classify them, nor the ambition to. The closest analog I found in my research were 'tree spirits', free-form entities, capricious, unpredictable, but ultimately benign. They shied away from humans most of the time, but when the opportunity presented itself, they would appear, seek to befriend humans in need. Some clients had hired me to make sure that their returning loved ones were real, not con men poised to inherit. Others simply wanted me to help them come to terms with it, an independent third party to reinforce their beliefs. After all, the Prunae were always careful that their existences were not revealed to the larger population. What remained of Dad now was like... a mass of fireflies, dimmer, but still emitting a cool luminance that reminded me of dying embers. "You sure you'll be OK, Martin?" it said, directly into my mind. "I will be," I said. "I've had some time to learn to grow and to do well without him. I have a family of my own now." "Would you like to know what happened to him?" "No," I said quickly, lest my determination flee me. There was a vacuum still in me, the space which Dad used to occupy, filled with questions never to be answered. But I was ok with that now. I was older, a little wiser. "I'm fine. Things will be fine, as they always have been." The Prunae smiled, then faded before my eyes. It swirled up into the ceiling like the smoke of memories, rising in twirling ribbons. I sat there for a while longer. Then, I picked up the phone, spoke to Anna first, then called my children, one after the other. I didn't want to alarm them, but I did want to hear from them. I thought too about how those client of mine who saw the Prunae never lived long after that. They left this world in different ways, some violently, most peacefully. For a while I had worried that the Prunae were malevolent, hostile harbingers of death, here to tease and torment before it all ended. Now though, after an encounter of my own, it seemed far more likely that they were merely here to help tie off loose ends, as it were. "Thank you," I said, to the empty hall. --- /r/rarelyfunny 