
"Sir!" I yelled as General Marr burst through the doors. He glanced back at me and curled his lips. "If you have questions to ask, spit them out, Lieutenant." I swallowed, nodding along as my feet desperately tried to keep up with his oppressive pace. "Uh, sir." He glared at me again. "What did the aliens say?" General Marr scoffed, quickening his pace even more as he worked his way through the halls of the officer's mess hall. His hand curled into a fist and I didn't miss the way his fingers twitched toward the gun on his waist. "They said both too much and jack shit at the same time," he said. His words came out as almost more of a growl than regular speech. "What do you mean, sir? Did they agree to our terms?" He scoffed again, this time much more dramatically. "Our terms! They didn't even *look* at our terms!" My brows knitted together. "But, sir, how did the meeting go then? Did they have a counterproposal?" "I wish," he snarled. "A counterproposal would've given me more to work with at least." Despite the bitterness in his tone, his lips tweaked upward at the end of his sentence. "So what did they say?" I asked, repeating my *original* question. "They're here for vacation," he said flatly. I blinked. "Vacation? But we're a *planet*, home to intelligent life." "We weren't a million years ago," General Marr spat. "To them, this is their fiftieth anniversary of visiting here." "But h-humans barely even existed that long ago." General Marr's gaze nearly punched me in the face. "Thank you for the obvious, Lieutenant." I opened my mouth but shut it quickly after. My lips pursed and I hung my head, falling in line only a few steps removed from General Marr. After walking in silence for less than a minute more, we'd reached the corporal's office. The wide-eyed, blanching man greeted General Marr with every formality in the book, but the General did little more than shrug him off. "Do you have a phone in this office?" he barked. The corporal nodded weakly and sprung from behind his desk, skittering across the room to where the only authorized phone was. General Marr mumbled some complaint under his breath but only nodded at the corporal as if to dismiss him entirely. "Sir, who are you--" I started, but apparently, he had other things to say. "These damned aliens. They treat *our* planet as nothing more than a vacation spot. Nothing more than a place to see pretty wildlife." My eyes widened and I took an instinctive step back, trying to save myself from the poison spewing out of his mouth. But something nagged at my mind, something I just had to ask about. "If they only see it as a place for nature, sir, why don't we tell them about human achievements? They would probably respond differently if they knew intelligent life lived here as well." General Marr's unimpressed glare felt like it weighed a thousand tons. "Another brilliant idea, Lieutenant. But based on their complete disregard even for the terms we *politely* set up for them, I'm not sure it would've gone that way. In fact, I think the way I handled it was better for us all." His lips twitched into a dangerous smile. My tongue scraped against my suddenly dry mouth. "H-How did you handle it, sir?" "If they want to see us only as a vacation spot. If they want to see us as absolutely no threat," he said, punching in numbers to the phone, "then who are we to say otherwise?" His grin grew wider as he held the phone directly up to his ear. "Who are you calling, sir?" "The President of the United States," he said as if it was obvious already. My eyes became dinner plates and my heart thundered in my chest. "W-Why?" "You see," he started as the phone rang in his hand. "If they want to treat us as just some sort of planetary resort..." He made the sign of an explosion with his hands. "Then we'll just have to show them our most *impressive* attraction." --- /r/Palmerranian 