
We like to think we're "civilized." That we don't revel in the pain of our enemies, that we don't wish the most horrible of fates in those who would hurt us and ours. It's a truth that makes us uncomfortable, that inside each one of us sleeps a beast that would rip apart anyone, *anyone* who dared cross a line. The line is different for everyone. For a mother it may be harming her child, for a patriot it may be invading his country, for a miser it may be taking his money. We can pretend all we want, it changes nothing. There is a monster inside all of us, and for many of us, it came out with betrayal of Dr. Karen Williams. She stood in front of the prison, flanked by armed guards. She'd go inside the squat building behind her which contained the best doctors the world had to offer. They would work very, very hard to keep her alive for as long as they could. She would be tortured every day until she died. It would be a televised event. All proceeds would go to the effort to counter her heinous crime. But now she stood, and, through some strange consensus, although no one had decided upon this, she spoke to the crowd of millions that had gathered to watch her go in, and the crowd, the world, had known she would. "You hate me," she said, "her voice being played on millions of screens. "You think I have-" "Shut the fuck up!" Someone said "Someone just shoot that bitch," another voice called out, both were immediately silenced. Dr. Karen continued as if nothing had happened. "You think I have betrayed you, that I am some twisted, insane maniac who thinks the human race doesn't deserve to continue. That the world would be better off without us." The world held its breath. Everyone had thought her one of those maniacs. A few idiots had praised her, saying it was the right thing to do, before their neighbors had ripped them apart. "This could not be further from the truth," she said. "I have committed a grave crime, I admit. If there is a hell, I will spend an eternity in it after being inflicted with whatever agony you can imagine, but years later, when the anger has faded and the objectivity kicks in, you'll thank me." "We'll all be dead in a few years you bitch!" A voice called, and this time a small chorus echoed its sentiment before being silenced. She smiled. As she was about to die in the worst way in history she smiled. "Humans will be united. For the first time in history, almost every mind in the world will be united to achieve something. Infertility? Please, you'll solve it in a few years," she scoffed. "But once you have a taste of this cooperation, you'll do it again. Not immediately perhaps, or not fully, but you'll see what a united humanity can do and you'll do it again. And again. And again. I have ushered in a new golden age. You may not see it now, your children might not, nor their children. But someone down the line will. I'm sure of it." Dead silence greeted her. The guards escorted her inside the building without ceremony. She was screaming and crying hours later. *** **An excerpt from *History: A Human Perspective*, (c) December 2267** *The infertility crisis as it is known, is somewhat of a misnomer. It is what caused the birth of the United Science League, and gave the United Nations sweeping powers to control research funding. Within a decade a cure to the vaccine was found, but these organizations persisted. Within half a century we had a colony on the moon, had terraformed Mars, and a century later we had mastered interstellar travel. Sociologists predicted that such progress, such a united front, might have taken a 1000 years to occur and at the cost of some war or the other. The world agrees, perhaps a bit grudgingly, that Dr. Karen Williams is perhaps the single most vital catalyst in human history. A hero, some might say.* *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out my sub, [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) 