
I smiled at him, my maniacal grin growing. I pointed my gun at his head. "First, I'm going to strap you down, so tightly that you won't even be able to move. You're going to feel every second of going through that machine!" I said, laughing now. "Unlikely." The man responded. "*What?!*" I exclaimed. Why wasn't he scared? Everyone scared. Right up until that glorious moment when their screams finally die out... "First off, it's highly doubtful that you would be able to put me in a position so secure I would be unable to move. I would likely retain some function of movement, even if it is just my toes." He said, sounding completely unafraid. "Unless, of course, you decide to freeze me. Which I doubt you would be able to do." He gave me a doubtful glance. I stared at him. "Secondly, I'm standing right here. How are you going to get me into that machine? I would put up resistance, and in order to get me there you would probably need some form of anesthesia. This isn't as easy as you think. While the statistical data for death by anesthesia is surprisingly low, around 1 in 100000, for an untrained professional, such as yourself, the rate is much much higher. It is possible if not probable I would die before I even felt an ounce of pain." He said, speaking without stopping. "But," I managed to get in. "I can just-" "Furthermore," He continued. "While it is possible for a human to lift double their weight, especially a trained one in a trained profession, such as firefighters, it is significantly more difficult for someone without any practice in technique or weightlifting to do so." He looked at me. "And clearly you are *very* out of practice." I started to feel a little self conscious. This was just like high school. I started to feel confused, like I wanted to run. "Finally." He said. "Considering that I have spent the time taking to secretly notify the police, it is certain that you will face an extremely long time in solitary confinement. Solitary confinement was invented by the Quakers, who used it as a punishment to force prisoners to spend the time reading the bible. But even they decided it was too harsh. The Supreme Court of the time said that prisoners either became violently insane, or committed suicide. Considering you are the first one already, it is probable you will take the second round. U.S Supreme Court, In Re Medley, 1890." Blue and red flashing lights appeared outside, and a door was kicked down. He started to walk out. "And while for almost a century solitary confinement was stopped in the United States," He paused as a squadron of police officers burst into the room, guns trained on me. "Unfortunately for you, it was brought back." "Enjoy your time!" He yelled back. *** Enjoy the writing and would like to follow along and see more stories? Consider subscribing to [r/ConlehWrites](https://www.reddit.com/r/ConlehWrites/)! 