
Charles slammed his forehead on the desk, pulling his hair and moaning. This was his breaking point. He'd served as a diplomat for the United Kingdom for over twenty years now, and none of his training, none of his experience and education had prepared him for a situation of this scale, of this magnitude, of this... absurdity. Granted, everyone in this boardroom was just as frustrated as him, but Charles often prided himself in always being above the herd of society. Seeing that everyone else was just as lost and confused didn't make him feel better, it only made him insecure, mediocre, and horrified over the immediate future of humanity. This is how the world ends. Charles shook his head. No. One mustn't think that way. Civilization made it through the Cuban Missile Crisis! Mankind has faced adversity after adversity and it always pulled through in the end. This really wasn't any different from those scenarios... except that everyone involved was insane. Charles frowned. On second thought, there really wasn't any difference at all. There's precedent for this type of situation. Sure, it's not every day a new superpower waltzes into the world stage, but it's happened before. The creation of Germany, for example. Charles sighed. An event directly responsible for two world wars. Charles stood up from his chair and paced around the room. He needed to think. He needed to clear his mind. This environment wasn't optimal for that, obviously, but he had to try something. Loud chatters in tons of different languages and a thick cloud of cigarette smoke filled the boardroom. No sunshine or windows either, only pale-white light bulbs and computer monitors for illumination. It was a spacious place, over a hundred meters wide and long, but there were so many diplomats here that Charles still felt boxed in. Representatives from every influential country in the world were at this meeting, arguing over how to approach this situation. These unknown forces surrounded the Korean peninsula, built up a blockade with their advanced ships, and commenced a full-scale invasion of North Korea twelve hours ago. Were they aliens? They might as well be, considering the capabilities of their technology. Energy shields, laser weapons, and even an EMP field that jammed any satellite feeds. No one knew what was happening, and conventional weapons just weren't effective against this military force. China learned that lesson in their first and only naval skirmish. Of course, the rest of the world blamed the Americans. That was Charles' first reaction too, but the yanks were acting too scared for this to be their work. There wasn't anything to gain. The Russians? They acted like they knew something, but it felt more like posturing than anything else. Who could possibly be so stupid as to light the world's biggest powder keg for no benefit whatsoever other than moral superiority? The Americans. Charles rolled his eyes. He was going in circles now. Figuratively *and* literally, since he had already paced around the room twice during all this contemplating. It obviously wasn't China. They're pretty paranoid about controlling their seas. Bringing all this attention to themselves just wasn't their style. Charles tensed his shoulders, hunching over. Japan. Could they be at it again? No, that's just silly. Charles was losing his mind. He pulled up a chair and sat down again. There just wasn't any information to work with. No motive, no nationality, no ideology. Just a random force that appeared out of nowhere with an arsenal that could easily rival any military on the planet. The doors slammed open. The entire room quieted down. A young woman in her twenties stood at the entrance, panting with sweat on her face. She took a moment to collect herself, stretching out her blouse and wiping her brow, and then said: "They..." She took a deep breath. "They sent an ambassador and-" Every diplomat shouted at her a variety of questions at the same time, most of them unintelligible because of the volume. Charles cleared his throat and shouted: "EVERYONE SHUT THE FUCK UP AND LET THE LASS SPEAK!" They all stared at Charles, dumbfounded and silent. Charles nodded at the woman. "You were saying?" "T-they sent an ambassador. They want to speak with the international community to handle this as peacefully as possible. They're only after North Korea, saying this was retaliation." Charles frowned. "For what?" "Bombings on their capital..." The diplomats started shouting again. Charles slammed his fist on the table and said: "For the love of god, just shut up for a moment!" A Russian diplomat stood up. "Why are you English always thinking you're in charge? You don't tell us what to do! You're just archipelago!" Charles walked up to him, grabbed him by the collar, and said: "Number one, the British isles are an archipelago; the United Kingdom is not. Number two, if you call me English again, I'll shove my foot so far up your ass you'll be tasting shoe-polish for a week, understood?" The Russian swallowed, nodding weakly. "Gentlemen!" said the american diplomat. "We're wasting time here. Young lady, how do we know this ambassador is a member of the enemy force?" "They came in a hovercraft... It wasn't hard to verify." The American wrinkled his face with confusion. "Oh..." "Do we know where they're from?" said Charles. "How come their capital was bombed without us knowing...?" "That's the thing..." The young woman looked away, scared of her next words. "They claim to come from Atlantis..." ------------------------------ >Continued in a comment below... 