
When you know the path of your victim, the crime becomes as easy as picking a lock. Of course, these were the Crime Olympics, and we had to take some risks to steal the torch before the other contestants. We went for the toughest, yet the most appropriate method: the greek bow. One teammate, John, hid on a building surrounding the street the torch carrier had to run through, and Carl hid in the shadows of an alleyway opposite to the building. John awaited for the carrier to enter his view and align with the alleyway. Then, he shot an arrow, striking the torch and pulling it out of the carrier's hand and close to the alleyway. Carl burst from the shadows and snatched the torch. I quickly unrolled a makeshift stair made of bamboo from the roof of a house emcompassing the alley, and Carl clambered up. We bolted toward John's building and barred every entrance with thick pieces of wood I has gathered beforehand. The rules of the Olympics were simple. They started the moment someone grabbed the torch. It was never supposed to reach its destination. Once a team stole it, then the other teams had twenty four hours to steal it again. The team who held the torch once the twenty four had passed, won. "Prepare your guns," I said, loading mine. "I spotted five spies watching us when we stole the torch. They know where we are. Remember, hide and remain hidden until I whistle. Carl, place the torch's replica on the table." Both agreed and Carl did as ordered. We had planned this Olympics very well now that the comitee had allowed guns and murder. Hours passed, and nothing happened. There were no signs of the other teams. That lasted until the noise of wood breaking echoed across the building. We had barred other rooms too, hoping to confuse our opponents. So far, so good. Soon, the barriers of our room were broken too. Three armed men burst in. One went straight for the replica, while the other two guarded his surroundings. We didn't move nor made a sound. They scampered away without searching for us. As soon as they left, we heard screams and twelve shots. Two more teams had arrived? Fortune was on our side. We were playing dirty, fooling them with Carl's crafting abilities, and letting them kill each other. But outsmarting your victim is key if you want to be a criminal. The night fell, half the time had gone by and we still had the torch. Things were going much better than we had imagined it. The team that stole the replica was murdered, and the others must've thought it was the original. The din of distant shots and yelps boomed outside. We looked at each other, but didn't utter a word. However, after the noises, we heard complaints and angered voices. Had they realized it was a replica? Soon, three members of another team skulked into our room. "Empty," one of them said. The other hushed him. The subtle roaring of the torch was like a thunder amidst the absolute silence, betraying our positions. I whistled, and we all came out of our spots. We had the advantage, as we knew their positions, and so we shot first, and the sudden clamor of bullets was followed by the thud of three corpses hitting the ground. One less team to deal with. How may were left? We cleaned and arranged the corpses in standing positions across the room. That way the remaining teams would shoot them out of fear and reveal their positions. However, the twenty four hours passed, and none other team came. The siren wailed outside and we came out with the torch aloft. We discovered that only a single team had remained apart from us. They were clean, grinning, drunk and carried no weapons. They looked like nerds who had never seen sunlight honestly. The president came to congratulate us and give us our well deserved prizes. However, amidst the celebration, he took a phone call, and his face went pale. "Bad news," the president said, solemn. "The prize money has been stolen along with the medals." We didn't complain, instead we nodded to the other team. We had been outsmarted. ------------------------ Subscribe to r/AHumongousFish to discover the secrets of the sea. 