
Life isn't fair. I learned that lesson very early in my life. My mother told me she did her best to rush me out, then when she saw she wasn't going to make it, she tried to hold me in, but I guess when it's your time to be born, it's your time, even if that means you're born on February 29th. She cried for me, and the nurses and doctors tried to console her, but their hearts weren't in it. They knew for someone like me, my life would be hell. After all, what kind of life could I truly have when everyone got to improve themselves on their birthday, but mine only came once every four years? I would be forever behind my peers, never able to catch up. At best, I could live a moderately normal life, but would probably always be a burden on society. So on the day of my birth, my mother cried for me. She cried for me, and I listened. I not only listened, I *heard* her. I heard her worry, her guilt, and her fear for me. I heard her soul and her very essence, and I understood. That was my first improvement, and it served me well in my first four years of life. I had to learn everything the hard way, not being able to improve myself on my birthday every year like everyone else, but because I could truly listen I was able to learn well. When my next true birthday came, my mother and I talked. I would only get to do this every four years, so each year had to count. We knew putting points into normal things like strength or intelligence would be a waste as they would barely make a difference. No, I would need to focus on something only I could do. The choice was easy; I could listen, and I was good at it. So that's what I do, every four years I improve my listening abilities, and being a therapist is the perfect job for me. I've not only done well for myself despite my disadvantage, but the things I can hear and understand are more than you can imagine. No matter who you are, or how talented someone may be, sometimes all a person needs is to be heard. So when that time comes for you, look me up, I'm a very good listener. 