
Last time i saw her must have been in 1887. Before that in 1704. Every time Chloe disappeared again, i died a little bit inside. I never knew if she'd be back in a few hours, or a few hundred years. Today is 5th of May, 2213. It's been 326 years since i last saw her. She was usually back within 200 years, so this time i was starting to get worried. If something happened to her somewhere, i'd never know. She isn't immortal, i've always told her, but it didn't stop her from going on wild adventures she always told me about. Everytime i went outside, i was hoping i'd see her again. To smell her hair, hold her hands and kiss her. I called a cab, because i needed to go buy some food. After a few minutes, a yellow capsule stops in front of me. It was wonderful seeing all the change throughout the years. I kinda miss riding the horse day and night to get from one town to another, now it was just a question of a few minutes. The back door opened and i got in. This capsule was an older model, because it still required a pilot. The back and the front were divided. A small red light started flashing from a screen in front of me. I put my hand to the light. "Scanning chip, please wait." Definitely an older model, the new ones automatically scanned the chip when a passenger entered. "Scan completed, please select your destination." I put in the adress and hit confirm. "Going to Harbor Street Mall?" asked a female voice, "it's a shame they are taking it down in 70 years." "Oh really? I don't really check the news so i wouldn't know." i answered. "It's not in the news you idiot." That was unexpected. I believed most of the people were kind these days. "Why would you..." It must be. Who else would this be. The capsule took a turn and we landed on a field next to the main flightway. I got out. Then the front door opened. It was her, it was Chloe. "Are you just gonna stare at me like that all day?" she asked. I don't think i've hugged anyone this tight in all my years on Earth. This went on for about 5 minutes and i didn't want it to stop, beacause i knew she'd be gone again soon. She told me all about her adventures. She told me how she visited the cavemen again. Apparently she's some kind of godess to them and they even started painting her in caves. But she also spent a good amount of time in her normal life. She never told me which year she visits me from. For her, all the time between us seeing each other again was a few days, weeks or months at most. 10th of May, 2213 She's been with me for 5 days now, and i know she's leaving today. She always left after 5 days. "I need to talk to you." she told me. "What is it?" I sensed that this might be something really bad. Over the years, i've learned to read people very well. She was about to cry. "I... I don't know if we'll be able to see each other again," she said, her eyes filling with tears, "i only got a 100 time travel points and this, this is the last one." "What do you mean? You can get more right?" "You.. You can't, they only gave 100 to people who entered the program. There is no way to get more." She showed me her watch. "Time left - 01:42" One minute and forty two seconds. It took me a few seconds to process this information. "Why didn't you tell me sooner?" i said, also beginning to cry. "I didn't know if i cou..." I didn't let her finish the sentence. I've kissed her, for the last time. I looked into her sky blue eyes and stroked her beautiful brown hair. "It's okay Chloe, i love you." i told her with my voice trembling. "Time left - 00:28" We hugged, both crying. It was a weird feeling. One second, you are holding someone in your arms, feeling the heat of their body, their breath on your neck, and in the next, nothing. She was gone. I stood in that spot the whole night. That happened 1487 years ago. The pain never went away. I wish there was a way to end it all. 