
The men in the room stared at me. I stared back. We stayed like this for a while, hours maybe, without a word. Occasionally, someone would cough or sneeze, one of the agents even burped, but those moments were few and far between. At this point, it almost seemed like a competition on who would crack first and break the silence. All I knew is I wanted to leave soon. I hadn't been in the city very many times before this. I was never a big fan, and never could understand why someone would want to spend their life here. The colors were dark, the noises were loud, the air smelled reeked of cigarettes and engine exhaust, but still there were more people on a street block than I had met in my entire life. Perhaps it was the fact they never seemed to look up from their cell phones, or perhaps they didn't realize there was anything more to the world, but either way, it never clicked with me. Even the muffled noise from the chatter and daily grind inside the room was overwhelming. Eventually, the tension got to me, and I decided to speak up. "Why am I still here?" After a brief silence, I received a reply. "We're not allowed to answer that question." I took a short moment to process this information, before my brow furrowed. Shortly after, I spoke again. "Why not?" This time, another agent spoke, picking up where the last left off without skipping a beat. "We're waiting for someone." Another brief pause followed. "What kind of someone?" I didn't receive a response, and the room fell silent yet again. I had my ideas, obviously. Whatever this was, it was clear it wasn't routine. It had to do with my scan. I was good at something, something that made me a commodity to someone. After all, if it wasn't important, I doubt having 6 people in the room blocking the exit would be a good use of resources. After that, though, is where it became more speculation for me. I wasn't the strongest, I wasn't the fastest, and I wasn't getting any awards for my Violin skills, either. The guards didn't seem nervous, so I likely wasn't an immediate threat either. If the guards weren't there to stop me, then they were there for something else. They were there to protect me. I felt a shiver go down my spine as my mind quickly swerved into the worst case scenarios, when suddenly, a noise could be heard. A door opening. The men moved out of the way in coordination, like soldiers lining up for their commander. That was the first time I saw him. He looked unsettlingly casual compared to everyone else in the room. His hair was grey and unkempt, with a baseball cap on his head and sandals on his feet. A chair was brought into the room by another faceless man in black, and he sat down. Then, he laughed. "You look like you've seen a ghost! I know I'm quite old, but I assure you I'm still very much alive." I didn't respond. I didn't know how to respond. Thankfully, I didn't need to. "You're wondering why you're here. You've already surmised that these guards are here to protect you, and you're not exactly 'normal'." Again, I was petrified to even say a word. I felt like was going to die. "You're not going to die." That got my attention and suddenly, as well as unwillingly, the questions poured out of my mouth like word soup. "Who are you? Did I do something wrong? Am I in trouble? I want to go home, why am I still here?" The man laughed again for a short moment, as I grew more frustrated. I looked away, like a child pouting about a toy. "I'm sorry. You're scared, I shouldn't be laughing." His preppy smile faded, and shifted to a more serious frown. He went from sitting straight up to leaning with a sympathetic hunch down over the table. Realizing how stupid I probably looked, I looked forward again, yet keeping my eyes at the ground. Feeling that he had my attention again, he promptly continued speaking. "If I told you that I didn't feel the same way my whole life after this point, I'd be a liar. I had a family too." Had. Pretense. I didn't like where this was going. "They're still alive, but no, I don't think you'll like where this is going." Again. He had predicted my thoughts perfectly. It was no longer a coincidence. "You're not going home. If I could hide what we found today, I'd gladly give my life for it, but you and me are different. Your kind of talent won't appear on the list, because as far as the world is aware we don't exist. I need you to look at me." A lot of information, plus a lot of things you don't want to hear, followed by a command. I had had enough. I erupted, threw my chair at the wall, and then he got the eye contact he wanted and more. "Why the hell should I do that!? Why should I listen to you, who the hell are you to tell me what to do!? The city is a shitshow, and I am NOT staying here! Give me one good reason, one, I shouldn't try to leave right now?" "Because neither of our mouths have moved this entire time." I stopped. His voice wasn't coming from the room. It was, in fact in my head. "Kid...you're a psychic." 