
One would think making the devil himself angry was not within a mortal's reach, but when he showed up from inside a mouth of darkness, interrupting the president speech and announcing a press conference to dislodge himself from the acts of those D&D nerds, mankind knew that their opinions mattered to him. A week later, the devil grabbed the microphone, straightened his back in perfect position, and adjusted his tie. His ruddy immensity couldn't be captured on the frame, and so when the camera crew pointed it out he trembled with wrath, but shrunk to a proper size. "Mortals," the devil said. His voice was deep, pleasant to the ear. "I'm well aware of your thoughts on those nerds playing Dungeons and Dragons. I want to make very clear that there's absolutely no association between their table-top game and me. They are not my emissaries, nor a selective group I chose to represent me here in Earth. They are a bunch of nerds and nothing else." The hands of the reporters were all aloft, and the devil pointed at a lanky fellow with fair hear to speak. "First of all, it's an honor to be talking to you," said the reporter, "but how do you explain the endless hours under the candlelight those 'not-emissaries-of-yours' spend speaking in weird voices and saying strange words?" The devil fixed his tie and wiped off sweat from his temple. "Have you ever played Dungeons and Dragons?" "I have not. I'm not a nerd." The devil winced, but quickly recovered. "It's no different to being an actor in a play where you play a sorcerer," the devil said. "The script will tell you to speak in weird voices and say weird words. That's Dungeons and dragons, but you perform to your friends, instead of an audience." "Thank you," the reported said, yet dozens of hands went aloft. "You with the blue mic and superman hair." "My question," the second reporter said with a cunning smirk, "is who gives them that script you speak about?" The reporters stared at each other nodding as if they had cracked the devil's lie. "It's improvisation, no one gives them a script. They choose a race, a class and act as if they were that character in a fantasy world created by the dungeon master." "And who, if I may ask," the second reporter said, now grinning, "is this entity you call dungeon master? Who gives him the powers to create a fantasy world?" The devil smiled, but his blood boiled with deep hatred. How could these folks be so ignorant? Wasn't their job to dig in the subject before asking bullshit? "The Dungeon Master is another player. He's not an entity with such might, that would be ridiculous. He simply writes the key points of his world, the same way authors do when they write a book, then he narrates a bit of it, placing the players in a chosen situation, and then the players themselves mold or write the story through their actions. It's like a choose your own story book." The reporter huffed. "Devil, you seem to know a lot about this thing. Are you sure you are not a *nerd*?" The other reporters burst into laughter, it was a shy laughter at first but it then exploded when they watched the devil stammering and shaking. "That's it!" the devil roared. His voice turned hoarse and piercing, and sent the ground into a slight tremor. "I will admit it, for there's no other way for your weak brains to understand, I love playing Dungeons and Dragons, hell, I rule the Nine Hells! But the only thing those nerds share with me is their love for the game. Now, I will educate your minds." The devil snapped his fingers and in the hands of every reporter a character sheet appeared. "We will play, read your characters and your spells, and in an hour the session will begin. I will be your Dungeon Master." The reporter who mocked him sneered at him, and after another snap of the devil's fingers flames wrapped his body and before the eyes of every other reporter he was reduced to ashes. "Let the game begin." --------------------------------------------------- /r/therobertfall for more stories! 