
The cup dropped shattering the silence in the theater. One of the first sounds of the movie. I activated my talent, freezing my fellow movie going, patrons. People mid scare always looked funny to me, eyes wide, mouth in some visage of a silent fear, hair was strewn wildly, it gives me a smile every time. I put on some soft leather gloves and opened a large black garbage bag. I had about two minutes to collect as much as I could. I had strategically placed myself on an aisle so that I could raid down it, stealing as much as possible. I slid down the aisle grabbing purses, phones, really just whatever I could manage to wrangle off the floor or cupholders but rarely out of hands. I made my way to the front of the theater and started up the other side. I worked in silence as everyone was frozen the only sound was the rustling of the plastic bag. The door in the back of the theater opened. I froze. Quickly I stashed the bag in an empty chair and hurried to and an empty seat. Releasing my talent. Peoples yelps and gasps finished in and an awkward flurry of noise. I quickly took off the gloves and watched as the person. Immune to my powers walked down the aisle. An older man using the handle of a cane to walk. His dark bald head bobbed as he walked past me down the slight incline. Time stopped again. "I know you're here," He said. "Please come out." He spotted the bag. "Wasteful, tsk," he said. He shook his head. "We can do this all day and I can search each seat." There was no way this old fart could mean that. I could barely hold the stasis for some three minutes. I watched mentally counting as I had many times as he began his search. Lucky for me he searched in the wrong direction. I continued past the three-minute mark as he was just starting on the far aisle. Four minutes, five, six. I thought of all that I could do with six minutes, who knows how long he could go. I stood up and bolted down the aisle almost to the top of the incline the air became thick, almost mud like. I pushed through it, struggling to get out of the theater. The old man was in front of me. "Now that I have found you. You will not get away." He said. "I could really go for pizza; do you want some pizza?" The question caught me off guard. "I will let you go, but don't try to run." The air thinned and my momentum slapped into me, I was no longer mentally running, but was still in the motion of it, I landed in an awkward pile at the man's feet. "How did you do that?" I gasped "Come," He said, "We can discuss over food. But, first please give this stuff back." He held up my plastic bag. I spent the next ten minutes trying to remember where I got the items in the bag and placing them back as well as I could. The old man held the people in the theater until I was done. "Good, now let's go." He nodded. As we cleared the top row of the theater he released them. "You know," He said as we exited the theater. "I was like you once." His dark face smiled down at mine. I looked away, he was finely dressed compared to the rags on my body. "Well I was always taller, and less of a girl, but that's apparent. It looks like you have had a hard life but that doesn't excuse your behavior in there, and I am sure previous behaviors. How old are you?" "You are not going to talk, huh? Twelve, thirteen by the looks of you. How about Barros pizza?" I kept silent. "Well, Barros it is then, silence is not a vote. I don't suppose you are going to tell me your name? ... I didn't think so. Ah just as well." The pizzeria sat on the corner of a busy intersection. Cars sped up and down the street. He opened the door for me. "Ladies first." He said and entered behind me. The hostess gestured to an open booth and we sat down. He ordered a large pepperoni saying something like "all kids like pepperoni." I sat sullen and silent as he tried to coax information out of me. I would not speak to him until he gave up and left me alone but as the pizza got to the table my mouth started watering. No. I would not give in I will not accept his empty gesture. He grabbed a piece and devoured it. The cheese oozed and the crust looked great. "Well, that's enough for me." He said. "Go ahead girl, the rest is yours if you want." I gave in and ate four pieces and drank five glasses of water before filling full, he just sat and watched me with an amused smile. "Well then, you wanted to know how I did that, I could teach you," He said. "But have one question before I continue." I waited. "Have you ever saved a life with your time dilation?" I shook my head. "Well first things first. I save lives. " The restaurant's din died and the people froze. He pointed out the window. "You see those two cars?" "Yes," "There's your voice," He smiled, "It looks to me like they are going to crash. There is a child in the back seat, It's not buckled in. Save the child. Consider this your first lesson." **** Hey! Thanks for reading. Check out my other work here r/Okay_writing. **** Part 2 is located [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/Okay_Writing/comments/8d8fit/in_good_time_pt_2/?st=jg5i3h03&sh=247a161f) 