
"Thank you for holding. Your call is very important to us. Please remain on the line and your call will be answered in the order in which it was received. Thank you." "I can't believe they're STILL using on-hold music from the twentieth century." I shook my head and looked at my copilot. "Who'd you say this company was, again?" Ktar shrugged and moved one of his tentacles forward, peering at the owner's manual with his close-range eyes. His voice echoed from the ship's speakers, tied into the language synthesizer in his head. "Some Terrain-based company called 'Apple,' it appears. Sound familiar?" "Terrain or Earth?" I jerked a thumb behind me in what I hoped was the direction of one of the two. "They are two separate places, you know. Terrain is what most of Earth moved to after the fourth World War..." "Ah, apologies. Earth-based, not Terrain based." "Great." I shook my head. In the background, the echo of "... on the line and your call will be answered..." continued. "I didn't realize any Earth-based tech still existed out there. You're SURE that's who built the drive? A fracking EARTH company?" "You can read this if you want." Even through the synthesizer, it wasn't hard to tell Ktar's sarcastic voice. "After all, we might be here a while." "I hope not. Should just be an easy fix." I looked back at the comm port. How long have we been on hold anyway?" "Twenty-two hours, fourteen minutes..." A pleasant voice interrupted Ktar. "Thank you for calling Apple customer support, my name is Alice, how can I help you?" "Oh thank god." I stretched and grinned toward the comm port. "You can't see me, but I'm happy as a lark over here. Wasn't sure anyone still answered the phone over there." "Indeed we do, sir. What seems to be the trouble today?" "The engine's out, and I'll be dipped if I can see a way to open it up and work on it." "Can I have the model number?" "The what?" "The model number. Or the serial number, either one of those will get me to the right area to assist you." "Uh." I looked at Ktar, who shrugged. That was quite a sight to see from the eight-eyed giant squid. "Where, ah... would I find this?" "Do you have your manual?" "Oh!" I held up the manual, forgetting for a moment she couldn't see me. "Right here!" "Your model number should be listed somewhere on the front cover, and your serial number is likely inside the first page." "Ok, um... Model looks like a Lightstar 40x? I guess? And the serial is 4x135q55p#?" "Thank you. Looks like you're still under warranty, so that's a good thing." "We are?" I blinked. I'd received the space ship as a hand-me-down graduation gift from my mother, and that had been nearly 40 life cycles ago. "Wow. That's a heck of a warranty." "Well, we build them to last, sir. We stand by our products. So along with the warranty..." "So never mind that though. How do I get in to fix this?" "Sir?" I looked over at Ktar. He'd fallen asleep. "I need to get into the engine to refire it and get moving again. How do I do that?" "With that model... hmm. You don't, sir." "Pardon?" "That unit is self-contained. Only an Apple authorized ship repair facility would be able to access the interior and repair it." "No, I just need an access port, and I can get in..." "There is no access port, sir." "There's what." I blinked. "Why would... what? So what am I supposed to do? We're stuck!" "No worries, sir. You're covered under the emergency clauses of the warranty, so someone will be heading your way as soon as I've located the nearest repair facility to your current location. Do you mind holding while I get this worked up?" "Uh, sure?" I blinked as the hold music returned. No access port? The thought of sitting here and waiting wasn't all that appealing, but the lady on the comm had seemed pretty confident. Maybe there was a repair facility all the way out here in the Orion-Cygnus Arm? After a fairly long time, the woman came back. "Ok, sir, I've arranged everything. We've got your coordinates locked in and your engine transponder is sending us a signal so we can trace if you drift while we are on our way to your location. Just sit tight and someone will be there soon." "Wait!" I could tell from her tone she was about to hang up. "How long are we talking here?" "Well, given your current coordinates, it's going to take our nearest repair facility some time to reach you..." "That's not my question. How long?" "... 48 light cycles." "... what?" "Thank you for calling Apple customer service, sir, and someone will be in contact with you once they are nearby. Have a nice day." Stunned, I could only stare at the comm port as I heard Ktar clear his throat beside me. "So, ah, boss... 48 light cycles until we're rescued then?" "Looks that way." "We have food for 200 light cycles, plus the cargo, so we won't starve." "Nope. So... what do you want to do?" "Cards?" "Sure. Why not." &#x200B; * r/MattWritinCollection/ 