
It hasn't rained in weeks. I did wonder if it's a scheme by the Vampires, to somehow stop the rain, to leave us helpless. We need its protection now more than ever. The few reports we can get from from overseas tell us that every where else has fallen. We are all that's left. Africa is a big continent and all but it's us against the entire population of the rest of the world. I don't remember the invasion. I don't know where the Vampires came from. I don't know if we will ever be able to go back to a normal world, whatever that was. My parents fled here while I was still a child so I don't remember the country where I was born. They weren't the only ones of course. News spread quickly of the prophet Toto and his miracle, what the elders call his "one hit wonder". The rain is blessed, if even a drop touches a Vampire, they'll fade to dust. As long as we recite the lyrics we will be safe. As long as the drums echo through the night, the ancient melodies will keep the rainwater holy. Of course that's all pointless if it doesn't fucking rain. It's fine for those in the rain forest areas but for those of us stationed out closer to the Sahara, it's more of an issue. We collect as much of it as we can to use during dry spells but it can only last so long. Still, who would have thought that water pistols would be our best weapon against evil. The Vampires seem wary about the dry spell. There's been a few small attacks but they're hesitant about sending in the cavalry, after last year. The dry spell was even longer and eventually they decided to take advantage. You should have seen it. Hundreds of thousands of vampire bats cascading towards us, transforming once they were close enough. It was enough to make a grown man wet himself. And then, as if summoned by Toto himself, huge black rain clouds formed from nowhere. The heavens opened and let me tell you, it was a sight to behold. The water turned them to dust but there was so many of them and so much water that they were turning to sludge beneath our feet. They haven't been as reckless since then. But they'll be aware of this dry spell. They're using small attacks to get us to waste our ammo and it's working. They'll attack soon and this time, we may not be so lucky. Edit: fixed what was pointed out. Also I don't really consider Toto a one hit wonder lol. 