
I had everything set up correctly, I think. A star within a pentagram within a circle, each point illuminated by a candle. I got as many of the called for herbs from the local farmers' market, but what couldn't be found there I got from the spice aisle in the supermarket. I figured fresh and organic was better, but I didn't know enough to know if there were things you could substitute. And I was only going to risk one substitution today. I got out the piece of paper I had the Latin phrases typed, with their phonetic pronunciations penciled in over the top. All that mattered was the sounds coming out of my mouth, it didn't matter if I completely understood each part. Here goes nothing. I had a bowl of sage close by if I had to dispel the demon, but nothing was certain as I was switching out the main ingredient of the summoning: the soul. I began the chant smoothly, having practiced all the words and phrases for hours before starting. I felt the energy in the room building up, and I got a little nervous as well. Palms beginning to sweat, I got to the last line. Now for the real test. The summoning ritual called for a bronze knife to be plunged into the sacrifice's chest. If I was right, this would satisfy the first half, and I would be left with the business of making a *very* carefully worded deal with a demon. If I was wrong, I would be electrocuted before it was even finished, and possibly release a partially summoned demon loose on Earth. I swung the knife into the battery, closing my eyes at the last second. I felt a light jolt, then nothing. Opening my eyes and fearing the worst. Before me in the circle stood the demon, and the essence from the battery swirled as a bright blue light in the collection bowl at my feet. Wicked. "Alright, let's get started-" I began. "Deal!" interrupted the demon. "Pardon?" "Whatever you want kid, it's a deal. You could ask for my rotted mother's corpse to be reanimated and for her to be set as President of the United States and I'd say yes. Deal, deal, deal, deal, deal!" "Holy shit," I said. "An odd choice," the demon commented, "but it can be done. Nice doing business; with this much juice I can probably take on Hades." In a puff of a acrid sulfur cloud he was gone. 