
######[](#dropcap) The first time it had happened, she had been ten. Armed with nothing but frustration and loneliness, she had willed Melinda into being. Melinda wasn't a pleasant girl--no--more reminiscent of the bullies that Lara had faced than the friend she had wanted, but she was company nonetheless. Sometimes Melinda would say things like, "your face is too chubby" or "get lost," but it didn't matter. They were tethered together. Until Melinda disappeared on the fifteenth of October on her thirteenth birthday, when Lara willed her away after a particularly nasty fight. Her mother was never around, having to work three jobs to support them after her father left, so her mother never knew. And it was years later that Lara would be thankful for it. The second time it had happened was when she was fourteen. Everyone knew that Bobby was a bad boy, but no one knew just how bad he was, relegating her life to hell on earth. She could never find her homework. Ever. Except when it would appear in front of the teacher's eyes with a different boy's name. There wasn't a scrape on her body that year that didn't bear his name. And when it had finally become too much, when she had finally broken down in the bathroom stall of her school, chunks of her hair just falling out as if they hadn't been attached to her head in the first place, Bobby simply...disappeared. Not gone in the way of missing posters, per se, but rather missing altogether, as if rather than a Bobby shaped hole in the universe where he used to be, the void had been filled by nothingness. No one knew he had ever existed. It was then that Lara realized Melinda might not have been an imaginary friend like her therapist had said after all. It was the first time she believed that there was something wrong with her in a way that wasn't wrong with anyone else. Because normal people didn't have Melindas, and normal people didn't know Bobby. And all she wanted was to be normal. The third time and the fourth time were more of a blur. Both times happened after breakups, and she wasn't entirely sure if it was the breakup that created the alternate universes or the loneliness that came after. All she knew was: sometimes she would wake up in a straw bed, the ocean front as her view, and other times she would wake up in a dimly lit cell, garbed in all white and pleading to be let out. The days blended together. At some point, she was one again, thanks to an accidental fire in the mental ward, which killed one of her, leaving only the other. She supposed she should be glad it was the one where she had no hope for a future. And maybe it would have continued this way forever. Until she found him. Around him, there was no pain, no loneliness. This was the fairy tale ending she had dreamed of her entire life. He brought her flowers, listened to her when she was sad, stood up for her when she couldn't stand up for herself. Her knight in shining armor. But no one told her the armor was to defend against *her*. One day, when the white picket fence was just within view, she overheard a conversation she should have never heard. And realized that he wasn't there because he wanted to, no, but as a duty. To humanity. To ensure she was happy, and to ensure what his superiors feared would never come to pass. Keep her happy, they said. Make sure no one else disappears. That day, Lara was the calmest she'd ever been. There was no outburst of emotion like there'd been before. No pain, no tears. Just realization. Her mother had always told her she was strong-willed. That she could do anything she put her mind to. So on the fifteenth of October, Lara did what should have been impossible. She willed herself out of existence. ***** If you liked this, you might like a fantasy story I wrote about a necromancer called [The Forsworn](https://www.reddit.com/r/AlannaWu/comments/8dm9bl/the_forsworn_parts_14/)! r/AlannaWu 