
I woke up to the sound of glass shattering and a weight on my chest. Sir Mittens stood on my chest, staring me hard in the face. "Sorry your highness, but there's no time to explain, you must follow me." I did what anyone reasonable would do. I freaked out. I jumped up, flinging the cat against the wall. "What the hell!?" I screamed. The cat leaped at me, landing hard on my face. I fell to the bed, swiping Sir Mittens across the wall. Three thumps thudded into the wall behind me. I looked back to see three tiny throwing stars embedded in the wall. "Seriously, what the fuck is going on!?" I stood up and saw three tiny figures outlined against the moonlight shining through the window. What looked to be three rodents in ninja outfits were posed there dramatically. "Your highness!" yelled Sir Mittens. "Follow meow if you want to live!" I ran after the tabby, hearing more thumps in the wall behind me as I ran. We ran down the stairs,rounding the corner, I froze. Thirty or more cats dressed in samurai armor stood arrayed in the room. They were facing off against what must have been two hundred mice in ninja outfits. The air was charged with hisses of cats and mice. "Your highness," whispered Sir Mittens, "Follow me. It will be the Feline Guard's pleasure to die defending their lord." I nodded, running after Sir Mittens, following him out the front door. Behind me I heard absolute hell break out. Hundreds of thudding sounds were followed by the screeching of the thirty samurai cats. My house was situated on a large farm, we were surrounded on all sides by row after row of corn stalks. I followed Sir Mittens at a dead run, following him down a trail though the corn. Eventually, we came to the entrance to the nearby forest. "Your highness, crawl through the base of this tree," said Sir Mittens. He indicated a large oak tree which had a small opening at its base. "No, you need to tell me what the hell is going on here. You can talk? Who's trying to kill me? What-" I was interrupted by a shadow blocking out the moonlight. I looked back to see more than three hundred small black-clad figures perched on the branches of trees. Sir Mittens stood, pulling a long katana from somewhere I couldn't see. "We don't have time, your Highness. Flee now. I will guard your retreat with my life." The mice leaped from the tree, swarming towards Sir Mittens. The tabby jumped into the fray, a whirling tornado of claws and steel. I saw a dozen mice cut down in a flash. He turned his eye towards me. "Run! Get away!" He grunted, taking a slice across the side for his warning. I decided that it was best to do as he said. I turned around, crawling into the base of the oak tree. Just before I was fully inside, I glanced back to see the tabby cat being engulfed in a flood of black-clad figures. Blood sprayed out in a red fountain. I swore, crawling through the tree with increased speed. Eventually, I came out to the other side. I was met with a great plain of grass under a bright golden sun. A group of three cats in samurai armor knelt, their heads bowed to me. "What's going on!?" I asked in a panic. "What's happening?" The lead cat looked up, a keening sound broke from his mouth. "Where is Sir Mittens? Why isn't he with you, your highness?" I winced. "He uh, he didn't make it." The three cats seemed to deflate. The lead cat nodded. "Did he die honorably in combat?" I nodded hesitantly. "Yes. I saw him take down at least twenty of those mice assassin things. He died defending me I think." They seemed slightly mollified. "Well," said the lead cat, sorrow heavy in his voice, "we better get you back to the palace. You are still in danger." ______________ /r/SirLemoncakes. Will be editing more in later. 