
"You bitch!" A voice roared from upstairs, followed shortly by a loud crash. I rolled my eyes and heaved myself to my feet. Here we go again. "What's wrong?" I called wearily, making my way towards the stairs. Libitina was nonchalantly coming down, Bible in hand. For being the incarnation of Death, she always seemed to be reading her Bible (which she had stolen from a motel room when I wasn't looking. Ironic, right?). "What're they fighting about?" I asked her as she rounded the bannister and headed toward the kitchen. "Limos stole Bellona's boyfriend or something stupid like that." She whispered, not even looking up from her book. I sighed and rubbed the bridge of my nose as Morbi came tumbling down the stairs as well. "Bellona's about to lose it!" she gasped, running for cover. Just then, a lamp flew across the hallway and smashed straight through the wall. "Your anger issues are why he left you!" Limos screamed, appearing from her room, followed promptly by her flying dresser. "And he thought the best way to get around my anger was to cheat on me?!" Oh boy. I'm going to have to take a third mortgage. "Girls! Come on, calm down!" I called up to them. "Bellona is the one who needs to calm down!" Limos yelled back. "You want to reenact Troy?" Bellona continued ranting as she too appeared. "Please, I can't afford to rebuild the house again!" Suddenly, Bellona seemed to gag and doubled over, dry-heaving. She growled audibly and waved her hand, prompting a curt scream to come from the kitchen, followed by the smoke alarm going off and Morbi appearing, the tips of her hair on fire. "Don't make me sick!" Bellona yelled, charging down the stairs after her sister. "Why are you all against me?!" She continued, "Who else wants to take a shot at me?" her voice broke at the last and I could see some wetness in her eyes. Registering what she said, I pointed at Libitina as she came out of the kitchen too, "You stay out of this!" I ordered. The last thing we needed was somebody's heart stopping. Libitina just shrugged, coolly. Ever calm. "Can you guys just work this out without destroying the neighborhood?" I pleaded. "Oh, I'll work it out. I'll work it out at her funeral!" Bellona lunged at Limos again, who did her best to evade--by using Morbi as a human shield. "This is hardly a fair fight!" She cried, looking for options, "Libitina? Help?" "No! Don't kill your sister!" "Just for a second! We'll bring her back!" Limos kept pleading. Bellona waved her hand and the couch behind Limos burst into flames, catching Limos's pants on fire in the process. I was starting to get annoyed about this all, too. As Limos started screaming and swatting at the flames, it seemed like all the darkness in the room congealed around the flames and snuffed them out. Libitina, the sleeping giant of the four. Putting out the fire seemed to only enrage Bellona even more, though and she started screaming again as she drew on her power. She was about to explode, and I really can't afford to rebuild the house again. "Libi," I sighed, "Just do it." I looked over to see the slightest grin on her usually placid face as she waved a hand and all three of her sisters collapsed to the floor. "Bring them back in two minutes." I ordered, trudging back over to the couch. Out of all four of them, I'm really glad Death is the obedient one. 