
"A dodo..." I repeated, confused. "Yes, a dodo. My son greatly desires a pet dodo bird for his birthday, so I must acquire one," replied the alien. I glanced around nervously at my colleagues. All of them looked as confused and nervous as I was. This was not how any of us expected first contact to go down. The SETI program had been expanded in the early 20's to broadcasting information about Earth into space in the hopes of attracting the attention of someone, anyone really; the world was getting worse and a lot of people thought we needed help. We'd shouted into the void for decades; most people forgot we were doing it. We tried to tell the universe as much as we could about our planet and its history in the hopes of attracting some interest, or even pity. Pity would have been nice too. Instead, we got... This. This was Earth's first contact with another intelligent species, being broadcast to the entire world in the first ever live VR broadcast. Everyone was expecting something dramatic: an ultimatum, a declaration of war, advice, or an invitation. Instead, we got a request. A request for a member of a long extinct species of bird as a pet for some interstellar six year old. I cleared my throat, looking up at the holographic projection in front of me. This entire situation was an embarrassment. "Well, uh..." I said, trying to find the right way to handle this, "the dodo has, um... been, hm... extinct... for a while now..." I shifted uneasily. I had no idea how the alien would react, this whole thing probably looked like a hoax to everyone watching anyway. I would probably be fired after this whole thing was over, if it didn't end in Earth being burnt to a crisp for some reason. "Out of stock!?" the alien screamed. "You have got to be kidding me! This is the fifth planet I've been to today! How can you all be out of dodos!" I looked up even more confused now than I was before. My colleagues began muttering behind me. "I want to speak to your manager!" I quickly changed gears from scientist to retail employee. Looked like that highschool job was about to pay off. "Please hold on one moment, sir." I activated my headset to talk to the control room. "Jim, could you get the President on?" 