
It was a strange day, to say the least. The morning started as usual, coffee, getting clothed, and going to work--in that order. When I was heading to my car, Doris, the neighbor, was smoking a cigarette while tending to her flowers. Deep within me, words rose, and they were detached from any sort of filter. "Hello, Doris. You looking quite old, today." She gasped, turned to me. "You little disrespectful bastard. Don't you see I'm an old lady?" "I think you need some hearing aid already, because that's exactly what I said." I kept moving toward the car. "Hope you get in a crash, you idiot," she shouted at the top of her lungs. "I can't understand how a nice lady like your mother could've given birth to a monster like you. Well, it's no surprise given the alcoholic bastard that she chose to procreate with!" "Hope you have a terrible day, Doris!" I said, and off to work I went. The office was chaos. The cubicles were all broken, shards of glass crowded the floor, my coworkers were fighting each other as though this was a pub brawl late in the night. "What in the world is going on he--" Out of nowhere, a tiny fist with a protruding knuckle struck my cheek. I reeled backward, my heart thundered. I managed to maintain my equilibrium, and there, charging at me with a risen fist, was Laura, my secretary. Her face was tomato-red, and her eyes full of wrath. "Give me a raise already, you cheap jerk!" she screeched and drove her fist forth, straight to my nose. I deflected it, grabbed her wrists, and again the words burned their way out of my mouth before I even knew they were somewhere within me. "I would if you did your job properly, instead of doing it like a high sixteen year o--" The world turned white. I collapsed to the ground. The back of my head throbbed. I blinked the flash away, and found Tom, one of the nicest coworkers holding a cracked chair, and on the verge of swinging again. I drew a sharp, inward breath, covered myself, clenched my teeth to assuage the upcoming pain, but Rachel--a friend I didn't have the balls to ask out--flew through the air and tackled Tom. Desperate, dizzy and bleeding, I crawled out of the office and returned home. And here I stayed, watching the news, seeing mayhem unfold in every city, and between the nations. There were strong rumors about a new war, but what worried me the most was Doris planning some sort of retaliation. But the night fell, and she hadn't done anything. It was then, when the bell rang. I peered, trembling to see who it was, fearing it was Doris or Tom or Laura. But no, there with her makeup in disarray, her jacket in tatters, and her white shirt stained was Rachel. I opened the door without thinking, and in that moment, the words surged out again. "I love you," I said, and terror clutched at my heart. "Me too," she said and embraced me. "Why didn't you make a move?" "I was a coward." "Yes, you were. But that's not important now. Can I come in?" And just like that, the most terrifying day turned into the best day of my life. ---------------------------- r/NoahElowyn 