
I had never understood what people meant by killing intent before, but, now, it was hard to miss. The emotion in her eyes unmistakeable. Tension in the room unbearable. The wand pointed at my chest. "You're possessed by a greater demon, aren't you?" she asked, a cold whisper. "No." She jabbed her wand forwards, the tip pressing against my robe. "Aha! That's exactly what someone possessed by a greater demon would say." "You've already tried to exorcise me. Twice," I said. "Only someone who was possessed would object to a third time." I tried not to blush, images of what the "exorcisms" had entailed flickering across my mind's eye. The marble floor was so cold on my bare arse. "Look, how about I try explaining it again?" Her eyes narrowed, but she did pull her wand back an inch, letting me breathe out without my chest being poked. "Go on." "Okay, so it's like this: I made the potion a few times and I changed how much I put in of each ingredient and I wrote down how well they worked. Then I did the same, starting with whichever potion turned out best the last time. That's all." "How can that possibly be true when such a method doesn't take into account the position of the moon and planets?" she asked--snidely. I shrugged. "They don't matter, like, at all." "Preposterous! The alignment of the celestial bodies is of essential importance to the magical properties of everything from potions to spellwork," she said. "To say otherwise is tantamount to blasphemy against the order of the universe!" I nodded along, and then asked, "What's the position of the moon?" "Wh-what?" I held my hands out to her, palms up. "If they're so important, well, the moon's closest, isn't it? And you're full of magic, so you must be able to tell where it is." "That is...." "You can cast a spell, if that'll help. After casting spells all your life, you must be able to tell where the moon is based on how the spell comes out, right?" Her hand retreated to her own chest, taking her wand with it. She wouldn't meet my gaze. "Of course." "Go on, then." She hesitated, glancing at the window to the side of the room. Unfortunately for her, I could see the moon over her shoulder, snug between the panes of that window. I avoided looking at it directly in case it gave her a clue. After much hemming and hawing, her hand lifted, shaking so much that it didn't really point in one direction, more so just generally up. "It is clearly there." I waited a few seconds to see if she would stop moving her finger about, but she didn't. "Nope." "You will find that it is," she said, her face blank. "Look behind you," I replied. She didn't at first, eyeing me up, and then slowly turned, her gaze repeatedly darting back to me like I was up to something. When she eventually did turn around enough to see, she muttered, "Shit." "So?" I asked, arms crossed and expression smug. "We'll talk about this another day," she said, now making a point of not looking back at me. I bowed my head to her. "Yes, Professor." Shuffling out, afraid to turn my back on her, I only let out a sigh of relief once I closed the door. "She's going to check the astronomy charts, isn't she?" I mumbled to myself, rubbing the fatigue from my face. "Ah well, I suppose things could be worse." --- If you liked this and would like to read more stories by me, /r/mialbowy 