
King Gelput had ruled over most of the known galaxy for a thousand years, a rule of unrivalled prosperity and peace. The secret? Intelligence. Know thy enemy, and make them your ally. Find their weaknesses, identify their strengths, and act swiftly to manipulate both to your favour. Thanks to his people's focus on cloaking technology, they could hide endless numbers of spies, disappear entire fleets of ships, and place innumerable tracking stations wherever they saw fit. Force, when needed, was always brief. After all, how could anyone defend against *ghosts?* It had been perfect. Until the Humans arrived. The damned bi-pedal abominations with their small little faces and puny technology. Upon first contact King Gelput had, as always, extended the claw of peace and welcomed them into the Galactic community. It was an honest initiation for a promising race, however ugly they might be, and he had fully intended to help nurture them along with the rest of the beings from their small corner of the universe. Of course, all the usual precautions were taken. Overlord class ships were sent to their sector to monitor their home planet, to deploy the tracking stations, and to provide a hub for the thousands of spies sent into their midst. And they had all been destroyed. No signals received. No intelligence to act upon. Only pure and deafening silence. King Gelput and his council were terrified, and so, when the Humans had declared war they had sought to pacify them, to arrange a meeting and discuss a truce. A single ship from both sides they had said. King Gelput had agreed. He brought a thousand, his scientists deploying modification after modification of the cloaking technologies, sure that it could not be the reason of their failure, and if it were, it would be no longer. The Humans had arrived, a single ship. King Gelput was to teleport to their bridge. Teleport he had, along with hundreds of his cloaked personal to cover each and every crew member of the Humans. The upper hand would be his. He now stood on the bridge of the ship, the Human crew standing to attention as he loomed over them, resplendent in his deep blues and dazzling greens. With a slight twitch he noted that some of the humans were mildly cloaked, even in their *hair*. What was this? "King Gelput, we meet again" the man who sat in the large chair at the head of the bridge said, *without* standing. King Gelput did not recognise him, nor should he be expected to. "I.." he began, but the man signalled with his hand for him to stop. Anger burst through the King's gills as he flushed green. Such imputence! The man gestured to the screen at the front of the room. King Gelput's hearts retreated into his viscous sack of mucus with an audible 'plop'. There, on the screen, he saw them. All his men on the ship on one side, the other, all the ships that surrounded them now. Before he could give the signal, before he could even divert his eyes, one by one each of his men fell, and then, in a roar that shook the ship, his entire fleet was wiped from existence in a cataclysmic explosion. His mind failing and confused by desperation, he darted for the man, grabbing his arm with his fore claws. The man grimaced painfully, but as King Gelput looked down at his limb, fear tore through him. *They don't even bleed.* A splitting pain exploded into his side as his vision went dark, and sound faded away. r/fatdragon :) 