
There is a god for everything. Some of them well known, feared and respected. War. Love. Growth. Some of them have their own niche of followers. Silence. Painting. Hunting. Then, there are those that are forgotten. Those who control such a small part of the universe that no one even thinks of them.... of us. I am one of the forgotten. I determine the outcome of coin tosses. In the pantheon I am ignored, nothing more than a mouse. No, less than a mouse, for even she has more followers than me. But I am always there. I am always watching. I have seen the apathy grow among the others. Conflicts used to be settled through war. My brothers and sisters would bring to bear all of their power. They would drive their followers to form armies to smash into each other in pitch battles. The cost of life unimaginable. But that grew tiresome. When you are immortal doing something over and over losses its appeal. So the game changed. No longer was it about pitch battles, now it was about gathering followers. Yes, there was fighting, there was still war... for there will always be war. But it was about spreading ideas and controlling the human's thoughts. My siblings began to form cohorts. Many of them banding together to form religions. Those that didn't join these alliances had their power slowly erode until they were lost to time. This worked. For a while. Until apathy reared her ugly head again. My siblings had grown fat and lazy with all of their power and all of their followers. Most of the humans fell under the control, direct or indirect, of one of the five major gods. So the conflicts became more petty. Whose followers could leave the planet first. Whose followers could build a world destroying device first. And so on. These games left causalities. Human followers can be unpredictable, and pushing technology has unintended consequences. The powers went from five to four to two. The humans had spread through the galaxy now. The pantheon had grown quieter as our father, time, has taken more of my kin away. So now the last two great powers in our house sit at a table. Their attention has waned. They have grown bored after tens of thousands of years of using humans to settle disputes, to prove who is stronger. The two remaining powers, the strongest of my bloodline have chosen their final conflict. The winner of this game will be crowned victor and will become the one true god of this universe. The loser will go with father to start anew. One chooses heads. The other chooses tails. They flip the coin. It spins in the air and lands with a clatter on the ground. The sound echoing through the empty halls. It lands on neither. Looks like this universe is mine. 