
Oh, cool, guess I'm dead, I thought. I knew I was dead because I could see my body right there on the floor. My face looked a bit blue. Choked on a pretzel. Like goddamn George W. Bush, but it looked like I wasn't waking back up. When I turned around, I saw a whole host of ... things ... lined up behind me. "Hi," one of them said. He was a very short man, with--no shit--a peg leg, a parrot on his shoulder, and an eye patch. "We want your soul," he said. "Uh, I think I'll pass," I said, eyeing him warily. "Oh, you can't do that," another of the creatures said. This one was a red unicorn. "Your only choice in the matter is which one of us you choose." "Who are you guys?" I asked. It was the oddest group I'd ever seen. There was a great spruce tree, a compact swirling white mist, a one-eyed possum, a golden retriever with its tongue lolling out of its mouth, and an exceedingly ordinary-looking woman with mouse-brown hair, brown eyes, straight bangs. "We're all the gods," the mist said. At least, I thought it was the mist. Hard to tell, really. I snorted. "Gods? There are no gods." But I took another look around, glancing back at my body again. Seriously? I thought. Gods turn out to be real, and I get this sorry lot? "If you're the gods, where's, you know, God and Buddha and the rest of the gang?" The ordinary-looking woman said, "Just because people believe in something doesn't make it a god." "All right, fair enough," I said. "But I didn't believe in any of you, so why do you guys want my soul?" "The more souls we have, the nicer our versions of the afterlife are," said the red unicorn. "So, for example, I have a lot of souls, so my afterlife is quite nice, and that benefits everyone there, including all the souls who chose to believe in me." "Okay ..." I said slowly. "Like currency," the ordinary-looking woman said. "I'm Kate by the way." She stepped forward and shook his hand. "Think about souls like money. The more money each afterlife has, the nicer amenities it can buy." "What happens to my soul when it's used to 'buy' things?" "Oh, we just take part of every entrant's soul. So you'll keep on like normal, just minus a small percentage of your essence." "How much of a percentage?" "I'm afraid we can't tell you that," she said with a sigh. "It's part of an old treaty we signed. It's supposed to help even the scales, the entrants not knowing anything about our afterlifes." "Well, do I get any kind of helpful information?" "I'm afraid not." "All right," I said without hesitation, "I choose the dog." The slobbery golden retriever wagged its tail, and then in an instant I was standing in a field at the edge of a forest. I still felt completely like myself, so that was a good first sign, I supposed. I couldn't see any buildings, just forests and fields. So I supposed there wouldn't be any Wi-Fi or books or running water or any other basic amenities, and that kind of sucked. But there were a lot of dogs. Turned out the afterlife wasn't so bad after all. 