
**Please let me know what you think.** "I love you." The words kept echoing in my mind. It had been the last thing that I had heard Jack say, his eyes bright and his grin wide. And I had frozen, surprised and unable to respond. How the hell was I supposed to respond? I hadn't known Jack for as long as I could remember, but I don't think I had ever known anyone else as well as I knew Jack. And I think that Jack was easily the one who knew me best. Our friends had often teased that we would make an adorable couple, but I had always laughed it off. And the trouble was, I had meant it. I had never had any interest in Jack, even if he was handsome and funny. Thankfully for me, he had been snatched before I could figure out how to respond. One minute, he had been standing in front of me, watching me with hopeful eyes, and the next he was several feet in the air, screaming for dear life as the Wraith Lord flew away, holding firmly on to his hostage. I had nearly cried with relief. I had never been good at thinking under pressure. I had just decided to slink away, when Isobel had arrived and tried to slap some sense into me. "He's your soul mate," she had wailed. "He confessed his love for you. You can't just let him get taken!" The slapping part had been perfect. My cheeks still stung at the memory. But it wouldn't have been enough to convince me to follow a dark sorcerer to his lair. Unfortunately, Isobel had good aim and sturdy boots. I was sure that my shin was still bruised with the force of Isobel's kicking. Even now, I was tempted to slip away as quietly as I could. I could only think about Jack's bright, hopeful eyes and having to tell him that I didn't feel the same way. Surely, I reflected, it would be kinder to leave him in the clutches of the Wraith Lord than to break his heart. Yes, I thought, as my mood began to pick up. I could just walk away now. It would be the humane thing to do. There was no reason I shouldn't just walk away. Something poked into my back. "Don't you dare think about stopping." Oh, yes. That was why I couldn't walk away. "Isobel, please," I protested. "I'm sure he'll be fine." "No, he won't. Not until you rescue him and confess your feelings and have a big, glorious wedding with me as your maid of honour." "But I don't even - Maid of honour?" "Oh, yes," Isobel burbled, as her tone abruptly became warmer and dreamier. "I've planned it all out. You'll have a big wedding, and make us bridesmaids wear big, beautiful dresses and -" "But that doesn't have anything to do with Jack. Or me, for that matter." "Don't be silly. I can't be a maid of honour with no wedding." The barrel of the gun poked into my back again. "So keep walking." Maybe I should find a way to set her up with the Wraith Lord. Two obsessive megalomaniacs together. They would either kill each other or marry each other. Either would be perfectly fine with me. /r/YarnsToTell 