
"Ah-HAH!" I jumped up from the chair where I had been feigning sleep. My feet sent an empty vodka bottle tumbling across the tile floor. On my stove, a supposedly-forgotten panful of hot oil was just beginning to smoke. And in the middle of my dingy kitchen stood a short man, wearing a white jumpsuit and an expression of dismay. Caught in the act! He reached for a terminal mounted on his wrist, but I was quicker to react. Knees protesting, I leapt towards him and bore him to the ground underneath me, struggling to control his wrists. We skittered across the greasy tiles as we fought for control. "Look," I growled through clenched teeth. "I just want. Some answers. Then I'll let you. Go!" I punctuated my reasonable request by bringing my head down sharply towards my mysterious visitor. There was a painful thud and a crunch as my forehead impacted his nose, followed shortly by a cry of pain. "Fuck! Ow, Jesus! I'm just trying to help!" I sat up a little, still pinning my visitor's wrists, shaking my head to clear the ringing in my ears. Maybe I'd been a bit too abrupt. "Oh yeah, I know all about your 'trying to help'." I shot back. "Always meddling in my life, and then disappearing without an explanation. As if I wouldn't notice! You think I'm stupid or something?" There was a brief diplomatic silence from my visitor, which I broke by cocking my forehead in a threatening manner. He sighed deeply, in the manner of a child caught with their hand all the way in the cookie jar. "Alright, alright. We're supposed to pretend to be crazy if you catch us, but apparently you've been more observant than we gave you credit for. Also, if you hit me again, I think you'll break my nose, so I'd prefer not to do that." "Keep talkin', and nobody gets hurt." I'd *always* wanted to use that line. "Or, well, start talkin'. What's with the weird jumpsuits? Who are you guys?" "Really?" My visitor raised an eyebrow. "You just caught proof of a vast conspiracy and your first concern is fashion?" My forehead itched, but I managed to restrain myself. "Look, who's to say what's peri, pertenin-, important, and what isn't, arright? I know you guys show up when it looks like I'm in danger. That's how I knew to set up the scene with the hot oil and the vodka bottle. What I wanna know is, why? And why do you only show up sometimes? I could've really used you guys when I broke my arm last year." "The why is kind of a long story. But, uhm." My visitor glanced aside, chewing his lower lip, blood beginning to leak from a nostril. "We don't show up when you're in danger, per se. We show up specifically when you're going to die." "Wait, so you're like, assassins?" My eyes widened, and I drew back my head- "What? No! Have you been listening to yourself?" The visitor cringed away from me. "We're time travelers! We show up to save your life! Despite your best efforts, I might add!" I hesitated as puzzle pieces began to click into place. "So you're saying, every time you showed up, I was gonna die?" A nod. "Like that one time, in seventh grade, with the snake-charming? Or that time I went to go to Georgia, but accidently ended up in the country instead of the state? Or last week, with the skateboard and the peanut butter and the propane?" "We don't know what would have happened, exactly. But we know you were going to die, yes. I assume that, had I not shown up to this tawdry scene, you would've fallen asleep, and died in the ensuing kitchen fire. Nice one." I sat up, letting go of his wrists, and slowly picked myself up off the ground. "So that time a guy in a white jumpsuit spilled his drink all over me at six flags...?" "We think you would've done something stupid on the rides." My visitor stood up slowly, steadying himself on my fridge. "That was me, by the way. You're welcome." "But, wait. Even if I believe all this, why're you going through all the trouble? I mean, you don't do this for everyone, do you?" My visitor chuckled, fiddling with his wrist-mounted terminal. "Well, no. No, you're special. Y'see, David, out of all the people that have ever lived, you're the one with the greatest capacity for slapstick. You're, potentially, the funniest person in history. You're not a comedian, no. You don't mean to be funny, you just kinda, well. Suck. Sorry. But that's okay, because the shit you do accidently is incredible! You are going to star in the funniest video the world has ever *seen*. I can't tell you what happens, because that'd ruin it. But trust me, it'll be incredible." As I tried to digest this, a loud beeping filled the room. "The bright side is, you don't need to know what you're gonna do. Just keep being your stupid, stupid self, and we'll be there to babyproof reality for you. Now I've gotta get this nose looked at, and you... should probably take care of that oil fire. And don't you dare use water, just put the fucking lid on it. There you go. If I have to come back here before my nose has healed, I'm bringing a taser. Bye now! My visitor left me, to deep confusion, a smoke-filled kitchen, and the beginnings of a headache. 