
I feel a bit guilty about this, but my first thought when I squeezed the F12 token and saw the developer tools for the universe appear in front of me was if there was an Alt and an F4 laying around somewhere so that I could end this whole miserable existence. Alas, that didn't seem to be the case and I had read-only permissions for the source code and statistics of... Well, to be honest, of everything. So I did what any anti-social loner like myself would do and I bunkered down in my apartment, opened my front blinds for the first time in weeks and I began to observe my neighbors and delve into the most obscure minutiae of their lives. It's really less creepy than it sounds, trust me. It's not like I'm some peeping Tom looking in the blinds while the girl next door showers - at least not regularly. It was nothing physical like that. I was just looking into her dating history, her interests and hobbies, what her plans for the future were and her overall compatibility as a partner if I were to shape up and fix my life. And fixing my life became a whole lot easier. I suddenly knew what my boss was looking for. I realized that my female peers were not getting promoted because they were willing to get down on their knees but because they were significantly more capable and friendly than me. Apparently, not reeking of BO and not coming to work dressed in sweatpants helps too. Oh, and doing actual work was not frowned upon. Soon enough, I felt like maybe I was getting the hang of things. And once I felt like I maybe fit a loose definition of a rather put-together human, I casually bumped into her as she was coming back from yoga, and then I was asking her out to that hipster coffee shop across the street that she happened to love. What a coincidence, right? When you know every last detail about a person, it's a whole lot easier to charm them, I have to admit. It's also a whole lot easier to get along with them and to avoid needless arguments and to stretch the relationship longer than any I had ever had before. You see, it's a lot easier to suppress my paranoia when I can easily check to see how many times she has cheated and, if the number is still at 0, then there was no issue. And I could see how many texts she had sent and a breakdown of who she sent them to. I could see what she wanted for her birthday before she even knew what she wanted for her birthday. It took away a lot of the mystery, but that's not a problem. I like being in control. I think I got cocky. I can't see any other explanation. I thought I knew how things worked, but humans are fickle beings. I should have kept checking to see how she would react to me saying certain things. When I showed her what happened when I squeezed that little F12 token, I saw that she wasn't looking at the developer tools. She wasn't looking at the source code and the statistics that peppered the holographic display in front of us. She was looking past it, towards the past, thinking about all those little things I had ever done to make her smile and all the times I had ever surprised her, down to the very first time we met. I saw the tears in her eyes. There was no denying that I had spied and snooped into every last part of her life from long before we met in person. Our relationship was as organic as a Cheeto. She didn't need statistics or source code to figure that one out. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 