
At about four in the morning, the vampire came knocking on my door. I wasn't sleeping. I had hoped I could catch a few hours before the regular day began, but it wasn't to be. My clients who came during regular business hours were just going to have to deal with slower treatment. They were used to that, I supposed. The poor girl was shaking, and her greyed skin was even paler than I'd come to expect. Her visits had grown more and more frequent since her accident. I found myself wondering if she was planning on taking up residence at the clinic, and if so, how she was planning on paying the rent. She was wearing an oversized sweater, the faded yellow yarn only making her look more drained. She closed her eyes. "I am not here for the reasons you think I am." she told me. It was true. I had expected she'd come yet again for a drink. For reasons I didn't fully understand, advancements in new technology were making it harder and harder for her kind to feed. If she hadn't come for blood, it was a good thing. Anything I did have I needed to hang on to for life or death situations. Ariana looked pretty rough, but she could survive another night or two without becoming too dangerous. With another vampire I might not risk it, but I'd treated her often enough before. "Please," I said, gesturing "come inside." She looked visibly relieved and wasted no time entering the clinic. She wasn't wearing socks, and as soon she took off her shoes I understood the problem immediately. The entire top layer of skin was missing on her left foot. It had been charred black and what was showing through was practically glowing red. Above that, I could see at least her calf was covered in equally red skin marked everywhere by blisters. I was afraid to ask how far up the burn went. "Who did this to you?" "I didn't get a look at them, but I do know I thought I was in my home when at sunrise it disappeared all around me. I only know one creature in this town that can make that kind of glamour." She made eye contact with me, perhaps trying to judge whether my loyalty was to her or the Fae. I kept my expression as plain as possible and grabbed a chair for her to sit on so I could assess the wound more properly. Before I could ask her to sit down, Ariana started talking again. "The part I don't understand though is, I should be dead. I would be, you know. I would be dead if it wasn't for Hawk." What was a werewolf doing saving the life of a vampire? 