
As Harry continued to grip his old "wand", he fell back in his twin bed staring at the blank white ceiling. "Have--have I been here the entire time? Why am I just now realizing where I am? What changed?" He looked over at an old nightstand next to him. There he saw a cup with two white pills inside and a full cup of water. "This--medication must be part of it," he said as he gripped the small paper cup. He crumpled it in his hand and shoved it under his moldy mattress. "I must know the truth." He jumped up, and immediately collapsed on his knees onto the broken floorboards. He looked down and saw his right ankle was chained to the metal frame of his bed. "WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON IN THERE!?!" A voice boomed from behind the windowed metal door on the other side of the room. Harry panicked and pulled himself back onto the bed. "ARE YOU MAKING TROUBLE AGAIN HARRY!?!" A large man with hair down to his shoulders barged in carrying extra restraints in one hand and a capped syringe in the other. "H--HAGRID! It's me Harry! How did we get here? Is this a spell? Another one of Voldemort's tricks?" Harry was sitting straight up now with a hopeful smile. "Voldy More again is it? Harry, when are you gonna let that go!?! There was no Voldy guy. It was Glen, Harry." "Glen?" Harry laid back down, more confused than ever. "Who is Glen?" "Glen was a cancer patient that we were housing here. He passed away 2 week ago. You two were close towards the end. Ever since then, you've started to refuse our medicine. Please Harry, I don't want to keep doing this to you. Just take your pills." The large man was standing right over Harry now. You can see the concerned look on his face. "I already took the pills, Hagrid. Thanks," Harry tried his best to look comfortable and natural but the caretaker easily saw through his guise. "Harry, the name is not Hagrid. I've told you dozens of times, my name is Matthew. Where did you hide the pills this time? Under your mattress again?" He started to lift the mattress causing Harry to roll off the other side back onto the wood floor. Matthew found the crumpled paper cup and unraveled it. "Harry, this is your last chance, take the pills or I will make you." As Matthew was handing Harry the pills, Harry noticed that if he could lift the bed frame, he could slip the chain from underneath and make a run for it out the open door. Matthew saw Harry glancing at the chain and then the door. Without hesitation, Matthew picked Harry up by his bicep, threw him on the bed. Harry fought. He knew the pills or whatever was in that needle would make him forget again. This was a fight for his life. He kicked and punched. "HAGRID! NO! STOP IT! IT'S ME!" That's when he felt it, a tiny pressure searing through his neck. He got him with the syringe. As everything started to turn black, he looked Matthew right in the eyes. "Why? Why are you guys keeping me here?" "Harry, your mother and father---" Harry opened his eyes again to readjust to the sunlight. He was standing in an empty Quidditch field back at Hogwarts. He immediately went to touch his neck, nothing was there. He looked at his right leg, no chain. He took a deep breath, gripped his wand, and started trekking back to the castle. **This was my first post, so be easy on me.** 