
Mr. K was an unusual case. As far as patients went, he wasn't a bad one. Never screamed, bit, kicked, or groped, like so many of the others. Just sat in his comfy chair in his comfy room near the back of the facility. Mr. K had been in that room for a long time. When I started on night shift, so many years ago, my preceptors told me that he'd been there since the Home opened. Where he'd been before that, none of them knew. Even old Linda, the night shift Charge Nurse, didn't know, and she knew everything about everyone. Mr. K sure seemed to know, though. You could hardly go into his room to give him a bath or a round of meds without hearing some of where he'd been. Macedonia, Egypt, Rome - he'd spent a long time in Rome - just to name a few. And the stories he would tell. I've cared for a lot of folks with dementia who got Bad, the ones that have fought and fought that disease until they had nothing left to fight with. They ramble and mutter and go on and on about nothing at all. But Mr. K was different. Mr. K's stories were vivid and detailed, to the point you could almost see the great arches of the Coliseum rise around you, or smell the dust of Napoleon's baggage train as it rumbled past. The details were what really set Mr. K apart from the others, that and his smile. It wasn't the empty smile of a man with a broken mind, it was the smile of a man who's just finished telling a joke and is waiting for you to get the punch line. It was ten years after I started the last time I saw Mr. K. I admit, I wasn't paying him the attention he deserved, but I was distracted, what with being considered for the Charge position after Linda's long-overdue retirement. I smiled and nodded as he told me the story of the Bulge, some snowy forest in France or Germany or somewhere similar. Funny name, for how terrible he made it sound. I was barely listening as he recounted how he checked himself into a Mental Institution, and spent the better part of 50 years coming to terms with all the pain and loss. I didn't quite hear him as he spoke, "But I think I've spent enough time here now. I believe my old wounds are on the mend. I thank you for your time, and all your care. I don't suspect I'll be here tomorrow." Mr. K. was gone the next night. Not dead, they told me, just gone. Vanished, with what few belongings he could call his own. The search dragged on for days, but neither the staff nor the Police ever found a single clue to where Mr. K had gotten off to. After a week, we all sadly chalked it up to yet another dementia patient gone for their last wander. Another 15 years passed in the blink of an eye. Work, work, and more work; always more patients to care for, another broken mind or body to try to heal. Never had much time for entertainments. My son, though, loves his television games. Even watches some of those trade shows on the internets. I never paid it much attention, but I try to show at least a little interest in his hobbies. I could have sworn, as my boy showed me a talk about one of his cyber games, that I recognized the man on stage, though I couldn't quite think of where. Until I saw him smile, and I got the punch line at last. It was breathtaking. Edit: damn typos. Also, thanks for the Silver. That's what we're supposed to say, right? Edit2: and apparently, at least a few people think this was worthy of Gold. Thank you for your poor judgement. 