
The Frisbee soared through the sky, flying further and further towards me. I quickly caught it with one hand and sent it right back to my son. Johnathan jumped up to catch it but it just barely missed his little fingers. "Go find it John, I'll set up the picnic." Then, as if talking to someone over the phone, a female like voice spoke. "Two hours until server shutdown. Thank you for playing Human(r)." A few seconds later I could hear cars crashing down in the city below. Weak screams echoed from the streets and the people ran around like little ants. My phone started vibrating. A stream of news flowed in. The pope spoke to the masses in Rome, the American government blames it on Russian hackers as always. This is happening all around the world. Every man and woman, every king and queen , every president, everyone heard the same message. All of a sudden, Johnathan came running towards me, scared. "I heard something in the forest dad. And I ran away. I couldn't find the Frisbee." I went down on one knee and embraced him in my arms. "What did you hear?" I asked him. He then told about seeing a tiny frog by the treeline that said something about a server and humans. "It's nothing to be afraid of son, the forest has always been a scary place and frogs don't talk as far as I know. You can ask miss Jenner at school tomorrow." knowing full well there will be no school tomorrow. "Now, what do you say to having a sandwich and look at the sunset?" John and I loved doing that on the evening before he fell asleep. 'In two hours' I thought. Looking at my watch. That's around 11:30 pm. We sat down on the bench outside the house and ate our sandwiches as we saw the sun set on the horizon. " Where does the sun go at night? Does it go to sleep as well?" My son asked with a tired voice. "The sun dosent go to bed, it has to go and start the day again for the people that live on the other side of the world." "I could never do that, I'd be far to tired and miss the bus to school." That made me smile. "Good thing the Sun does that job for us." We sat there for hours talking about the universe and everything around it. I looked at the watch, 11:20. Only 10 minutes left until it happens. Who knows if it will. "I'm sorry about the Frisbee dad." Johnathan said half awake. "Don't worry about it son, I'll buy you a new one tomorrow." Johnathan had already fallen asleep, as he had done every night before. Only two minutes now. The once green grass, had now taken on a gray shade as the sun went under. All the colours faded away as night came. The stars were shining for the last time, going out one by one like lights in an apartment complex. The town had disappeared, the forest had disappeared, the ground had disappeared. Then the last star went out. It was over. The server is dead 