
"And this is the Hell Public Library." I stopped in my tracks. "There's a library?" "Oh yes," my demonic tour guide explained. "But there's a catch." "Of course there is." I rolled my eyes. "What is it?" "Come and see." He lead me inside. The interior was beautiful, like the long room on Dublin Trinity College, and there were thousands of books. Tens of thousands. But it was chaos. The books were placed randomly- mostly they were stacked VERTICALLY! "How could you do this??" I started to cry "how does anyone find anything?" "They don't." He only laughed. "Well," I rolled up my sleeves. "Thankfully I have the dewey decimal system memorized." "What?" He looked worried. "Don't you want the rest of the tour?" "Nope... I have work to do." And so I started making piles. First I had to excavate the shelves from under the mountains of books, then I had to start sorting the books. I was there until morning. And then the next morning, and the next. Days turned into weeks, and weeks into years. But I could see my progress. Eventually I uncovered several oil paintings on the walls. Portraits of humans. It surprised me- why would the demons immortalize humans? But they were labeled "Previous Librarians." so I guess they made sense to be there. The demons tried to distract me of course. They'd vandalize the library, write things like "their's no way u'll finish" but I ignored them. I had work to do, and I enjoyed it. They tried to mock me- across all of hell every demon started to call me The Librarian. They didn't realize it was cooler than any nickname I had in life. I lost track of time. Maybe I organized for years, maybe thousands of years- time is funny in hell. But finally, I finished. I looked over my library, organized and cataloged to perfection. "What should I read first?" I wondered... "an old favorite, perhaps..." I grabbed the worn paperback and settled into what had become my favorite chair. Reading is always an escape, but to escape from Hell was wonderful. I flew though the story, grinning away in my library. But as I got closer and closer to the end I could hear laughing. As though the hundreds of invisible imps were watching and struggling to stifle their laughter. And then I realized why. "No." I said aloud. I dropped my book and ran to the nearest shelf, grabbing the first book I could I flipped to the end. "No!!" The last page was ripped out. In both of them. I dropped it and grabbed another book. "NO!!" The last page was ripped out in this one too. I needed to check- I needed to check all of them. Dropping that book I grabbed another. "And this one!" I dropped it and grabbed another. "And this one too!!" I dropped it and grabbed another. The laughing got louder and louder as I filled my library with books. Dropping them randomly as I searched feverishly for any book that retained it's final page. "I need to check them all." I said, dropping the book I was holding onto the pile that was forming at my feet. The portraits of the previous librarians gazed down on me. They watched as I looked at every book. And for every book I dropped another brushstroke was added to my own portrait, as it magically appeared with the others. 