
"Who are you?" I asked her. "What do you mean, silly!" she smiled at me, tilting her head ever so slightly. Her long, ginger hair flowed over her shoulders. "I'm Jessie, and we work together for almost three years!" "Josh, it's not funny" Said Brendan, my boss. He looked at me with serious eyes. "I need you two to file this report until the 7th. We don't have much time" he handed me a pile of papers. "Boss, I'm not joking. I don't know her!" I said furiously. "Are you trying to mess with me?" deep down I knew it wasn't possible. Brendan wasn't exactly the funny type of person. Brendan took off his glasses and rubbed his nose bridge. "I don't have time for this nonsense. You two figure it out". He stomped his way to his room. Jessie was still smiling at me, with an almost unhuman expression. She opened her eyes way too wide. "I don't buy it" I hissed. "Tell me who you are". "I'm Jessie, and I think it would be in your best interests to believe me". Her face darkened, and she revealed a perfect row of bright, white teeth. After a second or so, her face relaxed and went back to normal. "Hmmm... okay..." I said nervously, as her smile grew even larger. Who is she, I thought to myself. Crazy ideas ran through my mind. Why does Brendan acts like he knows her? Am I the only one who knows something's wrong, or... "Yo Josh! Jessie!" I heard my friend, Roy, shouts from the other end of the office. He sprinted towards us, almost toppling over a pile of paperwork on his way. He came to a halt in front of Jessie, grabbed her by the waist, and gave her a kiss on the lips. She played along. "WHAT? NO!" I lost it. They broke apart and looked at me. "You don't know her! I don't know her!" "Are you crazy, Josh?" Roy said, slightly pissed. "Jessie and I have been together for over one year now, and..." "OH REALLY?" my anger grew stronger. "Then what is her last name? How did you meet? What is her role in the office?" Until now, Jessie just stood there and watched me having a mental break down. The moment I raised those questions, fear appeared on her face. "Honey, come on! Don't listen to him!" she leaned towards Roy and whispered to his ear. "He doesn't know what he's talking about. You should ask him nicely to take a break from work, he lost it completely." She pulled some sort of stick from her back pocket, trying to hide it from my sight. Roy's Confusion was apparent. "I can't remember, sugar... I really don't know you". He looked in her eyes. "Who are you?" A spark, and then a loud boom, went off from the end of the stick Jessie was holding. Roy's eyes rolled inside their sockets, he fainted and fell to the ground. She pointed the wand at me. Now it was apparent that she was unhuman. Her skin turned grey, her ginger hair became rusty, and her eyes was wide open. She was a witch. "I knew it! I knew I'm not crazy!" I said with triumph, but I quickly realized the danger I'm in. people in the office were screaming and running for cover. "You should've stayed out of the way, mortal!" she cried. "I don't know why my magic haven't affected you, but I'm going to make sure you won't be able to trouble me anymore!" She waved her wand, and I raised my arms to cover my face. A strong flash of light hit me, and I felt like I'm turning blind. The light slowly faded away, and I could see the witch's confused face. "That was... supposed to finish you." She mumbled. "No mortal can survive the power of my spells!" My body was vibrating. I didn't feel weak anymore. I didn't feel scared anymore. I looked at the tips of my fingers. They were flickering with white light. I pointed my hand at the witch. She looked at me in horror and shock. "Please... forgive me!" She bowed in front of me. "No" I said, but the voice that came out wasn't mine: It was a primal, ancient voice. I opened my mouth, my hand pointing at the terrified witch. Lightings came out from the tips of my fingers, shocked the witch, and I roared with a voice that could be heard from five blocks away: "BEGONE, THOT!" 