
"Good morning Gorblax, we're coming to you live from Xenon 5 where this year's Battle Royale has been under way for three days now. I'm your host, Offergen and with me today in the booth for our hopeful wholesale slaughter is my good friend Delmiath," I waved over to my right to signal for the camera to change. "Thanks Offergen, over the evening in the ring most of the humans were asleep, looking to get some shuteye before laying into each other's soft fragile skin. Despite early signs that some of the humans were going to make aggressive moves during the evening, all of them seemed unwilling to attack others in their sleep, despite knowing that their lives were on the line." "Strange behavior in a survival situation Delmiath," I commented. "That it is Offergen, and now we and all of Gorblax are waiting with baited breath to see what's going to happen today." "Hopefully death!" I chimed in while doing my best to keep my panic under illusory psywaves. This year's broadcast was turning out to be a disaster so far. Despite going on for three days the total death count for the humans was sitting at a whopping 7. 7 out of 100,000. At this rate the broadcast was going to be going on for several full Blaxturies. "And now we're going to switching over to our action sensing feed to see what's going on down on the surface of Xenon 5," I said to finish up the time in the broadcast room before taking a deep breath and drumming my appendages on the counter. I was going to lose my job over this. We were ALL going to lose our jobs over this. The feed in front of me cut over to a heated battle between two humans who were somehow still attractive by human standards after three days of impossible conditions and combat. They had each found weapons and were slashing at one another while saying short phrases in their 'language'. Despite a dozen flashes of steel between the two of them, there wasn't a single drop of blood shed. "Do we have anything better to show?" I asked Delmiath as she injected positive gasses into her system. "We have three thousand and forty two making speeches to nobody in particular and over 60,000 wandering while pausing every couple moments to look dramatic," she said, "at least both of these humans are using weapons." "Are the rest not?" I asked. On the screen the two humans clashed again before both of their weapons went spiraling off in impossible directions. Both of the humans glared at one another before commenting again in their language and pushing away from one another. The live feed cut away, but Delmiath and I got to watch them actually walk away from one another. "Hi! Welcome back to the booth," I said as the light flashed red out of nowhere. The prompter in front of me started scrolling so I started reading, "we're going to bring you into the lab with our resident human expert Maddicyus to explain what might be going on here with the human's inability to kill one another. Maddicyus." The camera cut over to the desk on the other side of the room where Maddicyus had just taken his seat. "Well, it's a strange phenomenon really. Humans have a long history of violence with population significant casualties on both sides of the conflict. Perhaps the human resilience is coming into effect here. Humans are fragile but they do come from an extremely hostile planet that forces them to adapt to different situations, often overcoming wounds that could kill others of their species. There is a chance that their hyper adaptive nature could have given them-" I cut off the scientist, "Yes, but we did given them weapons that are on par or superior to the weapons we used to conquer their species last week when the glorious empire killed millions of their people to make their kneel before our God King. Why did they not adapt then?" "That is a variable that we cannot understand, but we are looking into changing the weaponry in the arena to a more large scale variety to stop the issue of everything 'barely missing'. Hopefully things don't come to that, but obviously we are looking to create an enjoyable viewing experience." "Exactly," I cut off the scientist again before he gave a 'but'. "and this viewing experience is brought to you by Zorbapet, bringing aliens right to your doorstep to be your new emotional companion. Zorbapet is now offering pre-orders on humans brought all the way from their home planet of earth, and if you order today they will include a mini-biome to get your human habitat started. Get everything you need to being some bio-diversity to your home with Zorbapet, for non-feathered friends." 