
Sunshine galloped up the hill leading to the king's tent, his "rider"'s armor clinking endlessly as he moved. The king, a tall, young man who was just crowned, was waiting for him with his advisers. Sunshine moved his left leg, and the knight's arm started waving in a way that was almost human. "Oh, good king, why have you summoned me to thine's tent?" Sunshine asked, special vents inside his headpiece leading his voice into the armor's helmet. The king took a sip of fine wine, and replied. "Sir William of Equia, I require your help once again. A terrible dragon has kidnapped my dearest daughter, and you are the only one mighty enough to save her!" The king said, and Sunshine felt tempted to run away, but steadied himself. "Very well. I will slay the dragon, and return your daughter to you!" He said, and the king nodded and returned to his tent, leaving Sunshine alone. After a few days of self-convincing and a few hours of actual travel, Sunshine arrived at the dragon's lair. The mighty beast, a green serpant-like dragon with half-broken wings, was curled around a ruined dwarven tower when Sunshine entered the dank cave. "Foolish human. You stand against me, by yourself, with only a horse and your sword with you?" The dragon asked. "Enough talking. Let us fight." Sunshine said, hoping his crippling fear did not seep into his voice. The dragon charged, destroying the rest of the tower, and Sunshine managed to get away, and use his strings to slash the dragons wing. The dragon turned back, and started breathing fire. Sunshine started to run, faster than ever, and managed to get to the dragons mouth and stab his eye before the fire stopped. The dragon shouted in pain, and Sunshine turned around and kicked his head with all the force a fully-grown horse could muster. With a terrible crack, the dragon fell, dead. Sunshine was still in shock that he actually killed the dragon when a faint cry was heard from the depths of the dragon's cave. The princess! Sunshine hurried, Almost tripping over the dragon's treasure in the process, and burst into the princess' room, and saw something he never expected. A torn and charred doll resting on a brown, short mare. "Princess Eleanor?" Sunshine asked. He met the princess a few times before, And she was always on the mare he saw now. Back then, he thought she just preferred that horse. "Oh, for fuck's sake! After hiding for years, I can't even get a few days of me-time!" She said, and Sunshine noticed that her room was not filled with Torture devices, but pillows, toys and even a few unfinished carrots. this wasn't a kidnapping. It was a vacation. One that was surly safe from the king's eyes. "You... You're like me." He said,removing his Headpiece and speaking from his true head, and she, the real she, looked at him. "I never knew there were others. My father told me I was cursed." she said, tears gathering in her eyes. She started crying in deep sorrow, and Sunshine could almost feel the years she spent locked at her palace, Unable to even speak to others without her doll. Memories, painful ones, from his time as a farmer's horse flooded his mind. At that moment, Sunshine could see all the glory he would get by returning her. Honor, power, riches. He will be the most powerful being in the history of horsekind. And none of that was worth it. "come with me." He said, and started striding out of the room. "Will you return me to my father?" she asked, desperation in her voice. Sunshine tried to smile, but his mouth was not capable of a true smile. "No." He simply said, bit the handle which released his armor, and left the room. The princess joined him outside of the cave, and they started galloping towards the horizon, towards new lands. edit: I have been informed that this is just shrek with horses. 