
(First time responding to a prompt, and it was fairly rushed, so sorry for the fairly bad writing ') The coronation of the princess had an air of apprehension to it. Her father, the long-lived King, had been a ruthless dictator, but while she seemed a far lesser evil, the mystery surrounding his disappearance still lingered. People were relieved that the vindictive man no longer ruled them, but the fear he had instilled over the past half century could not so easily be washed away. His ageless face, twisted into a sadistic smile in any portrait he had commissioned, barely changed over his reign. Before her coronation, the princess made bold, revolutionary claims to bring peace, prosperity, and freedom to her people. "I cannot change my father's sins, nor can I erase them," her voice echoed across homes throughout the country. "But I can make change. I can lead us forward, in a new direction. I can refuse to make the same mistakes. I hope you can all join me, and together we can push for a brighter future." Crowds cheered on as she was crowned the new Queen. The loud cheers outside the Cathedral could be heard far and wide. The din, faint with distance, even fell on the King's ears, although he wasn't sure of anything anymore. The pain, the agonising pain was too much. Far too much. The room was filled with his blood, parts of his tattered flesh lying in scraps on the ground. He lay there groaning in agony as his body repeatedly weaved new skin over the same wounds. "Stop! Stop! I beg of you, please, stop this!" he begged fruitlessly. "Did you stop when he begged you?" the woman asked him coldly. "Did you stop when he pleaded for his freedom?" "You were mine," the King spat, blood dribbling down his chin. "You were always to be mine. You did not belong with him." "He was my love!" she yelled. Another crack of the whip; another scream from the King. A fresh, hot line torn across his chest. "Your gift made you only fit for me," the King continued. "Only fit to be *my* Queen." Her eyes narrowed as she slashed at him again with the whip. The crowds continued to cheer in the distance. "Please stop!" he cried out. "Just let me die!" She looked up at him and smiled cruelly. "I figured you'd be proud of me. You always complained how I never had the stomach for your proclivities." Readying the whip again, she flashed the same sadistic smile he had become famous for. "What did you always say? Why go for the kill when suffering can be dealt far more than just once?" --- EDIT: Made some slight tweaks to some words to try and clear up ambiguity. The Queen is not the King's daughter, she's his wife. The princess being coronated is their daughter. 