
######[](#dropcap) "Mr. Cicero--" "No, you don't understand." The man stared at him wild-eyed, shaking his head profusely. His hands clenched, his fingers wringing together as he tugged at the manacle on his wrist. The skin on his wrists had already begun peeling, slight lines of blood staining the metal, but he didn't seem to notice, instead his light blue eyes focused completely on the woman sitting in front of him. "They can't do this again. I've already paid." Lilian met his gaze straight on, her gaze sweeping over his shaking body. Shaking from fear...or something else? "While that may be true, Mr. Cicero, you can understand the confusion. I hope you will work with us to make this right for you." Lilian tapped her pen on the metal table. The small vibration caused the man to jerk slightly. "Damari." The man was silent for a second before he blinked. "Right, yes?" Lilian's eyes narrowed. Damari Cicero was not a fearful man. In fact, he'd been a ruthless CEO whose merciless decisions had caused the millions of people to lose their jobs and homes. It was a rare day when Wall Street turned against one of their own, but he had been heartless enough to be feared by even those who worked with them. His hair, now long and unkempt, covered a third of his face. His clothing hung from his thin, gaunt frame. As far as she could tell, this man was not Mr. Cicero. They were simply too different. "Did Mr. Cicero have a twin?" she asked casually. The man's eyes widened almost imperceptibly. "No, of course not!" he said a little too quickly. "Why would you think that?" "Because, you, sir, are not him. Who are you? And why are you pretending to be him?" The man shook his head vigorously. "I'm not. I'm...I..." he bit his lip, his leg shaking furiously under the table. His gaze darted left and right, unable to meet hers. "He paid me a large sum," he finally blurted out. "Because I looked just like him. He wanted to leave a legacy of being resurrected, and he said all I had to do was show my face to the police, but I didn't expect them to arrest me, and I--" He choked up, unable to continue. So that was what it was. Lilian's gaze softened. She did feel for the man. From the looks of it, he wouldn't have known what he would've gotten himself into. Her shoulders relaxed. She had come in here prepared to prep for another battle, only slightly easier in difficulty than the initial case she'd had of defending Cicero himself. There was no precedent of double jeopardy for a dead person. So did their death mean they were safe? Better this than some case that was destined to take years to go to the Supreme Court. It would've been the biggest mess. And that wasn't including the other ramifications of someone coming back from the dead. The press would go insane. "You may go, Mr. --" Lilian paused. "You may go. I will inform the police." She waved a police officer in and explained the situation. The man's cuffs were promptly removed, and he stood up, his legs still shaking. "Thank you! Thank you so much!" he exclaimed, bowing to her with each step as he backed out of the room. "I won't ever forget your kindness, Lilian!" Lilian nodded. The door clicked closed behind her as he left. What a strange thing for Damari to do. What was he even hoping to achieve? And how had he found the man in the first place? From what she knew of him, he-- Lilian froze. How had he known her name? She hadn't introduced her first name, and she knew the police only ever referred to her by her last name as well. So how--her eyes widened. She shot up, knocking her chair over the process. There was no way. It couldn't be. &nbsp; *** &nbsp; The man took several steps out of the police station, then glanced back. He slicked his hair back, his spine straightening until he stood tall. Then he stuck his hands into his pocket and walked the other way. *** r/AlannaWu 