
In the wake of a series of natural disasters of the 2150s, a food and water crisis of unprecedented scale struck the world. The world was in for a rude awakening as prices soared by dozens of times, and suddenly, going to bed with a full belly wasn't a given anymore. The first cases popped up in China. A few factory workers, determined to put in a few more hours of work here and there to make ends meet, popped a few 'Wakey Tablets', then merely novelty pills not much different from coffee. They stayed awake and working for 8 eight days straight, delaying their sleep with tablets again and again. The practice caught on in the world like wildfire. The moment one country did it, everyone followed suit, desperate not to be left behind in the great race to productivity. Work ethicality inverted as now that the question whether you 'could' work for days on end was answered, the question of whether you 'should' was a foregone conclusion. By the time 2174 rolled around, legislation had been passed in the USA outlawing sleep. Legislators reasoned that all Americans had to play their part in these troubling times, never mind that the troubling time had come and gone in the 50s. A push from Wakey Wakey Inc, now amongst the richest companies, didn't hurt either. The younger ones don't even remember what it's like to sleep or dream anymore. But I know. I lived through all of that, and every suicide in the papers stabs at my heart as I remember what was, not what is. The world is broken on a fundamental level somewhere, and everyone refuses to acknowledge it as long as there's still economic growth. But I admit it. And I want to change the world in my own way, regardless of how small it was. That's why I set up a network of safe havens, where people are free to count sheep and dream, as they haven't for years. Strangely, the hardest part in establishing it was sourcing for beds. You haven't seen the true seedy underbelly of the country until you've met shady black market mattress cartels. Even now, I have trouble wrapping my mind around those gun toting men driving around their trucks of mattresses. To reduce the risk, I try to be as hands-off as possible, setting up the havens then leaking its location to like-minded people, before cutting off ties as much as possible. But every now and then, I have to follow up like now. Some things need to be done, and as this is a solo venture, I have to go at it alone. I heard from my contacts that the bed at Haven #306 is infested with bed bugs. Every mattress is a precious commodity, more so with my dealer recently getting busted. I get to work with my scrub, removing the last traces of the devils with a vengeance. *Knock* My entire body immediately tenses up. What I'm doing, between legal and illegal, falls very firmly on the illegal side. Anyone seeing my face was a risk, a danger. That was if it was another Sleeper. If it were the military police? I'll be shot on sight. I weigh my options as the knocking becomes more urgent. Do I hide under a bed? Perhaps, in these days without beds, it would no longer be an obvious hiding place, and it could be a blind spot, and I might- Nah, absolutely no one is that dumb, I thought, as I hid under the bed. "Anyone in here...?" The door opened silently, a feature I prided myself on so that it wouldn't disturb anyone's rest. The voice seemed to be slightly familiar, but I was more focused on silencing my breathing and trying to erase my presence. A sigh of relief, and the bed creaked as a man got on it, before he followed up with an exhausted yawn. It took minutes, amongst the most tense in my life and only topped by the time my mattress dealer pulled a gun on me, before I heard the sounds of soft snoring filling the room. I gave it another few minutes before gingerly exiting the small space beneath the bed, beating a hasty retreat from Haven #306. I blinked when I saw the man's face, but didn't let it slow me down as I exited silently(with much help from my very quiet door. Have I mentioned how proud I am of it?). As I made my merry way away, I couldn't help but think of the governor of my state, now taking a much needed rest in Haven #306. The message was spreading, as people of all social statuses began to realise we had gone wrong somewhere. Perhaps there was still hope for change. 