
Not much more binds people than to share a pain, a trouble, a fear in life. Or at least, that is how I met most of the people whose faces I can still remember in my old age. Maybe that says more about me than them. We were locked in a prison with no light. I remember how in the Dark Knight Rises, Bane tells Batman that a prison with light shining from above, to give the false illusion of hope, is the worst hell on Earth. I can say definitively that is not true. People in a prison like that can still have hope, as desperate and doomed as it is, that they will escape. People in the prison we were in, no mirrors, no toilet, no pot, no windows, they can only hope to one day see light again. "What do you want?" he asked, one of the few times he broke his silence. Almost all the time, he stared straight ahead, even at the barest patch of wall, like a painter imagining all the beautiful possibilities of a canvas. Except there was only darkness, and the closest thing to paint was our own blood. "What?" "What do you want most in this world?" I thought about it. Most of the time I'd been in the cell, I'd thought of nothing. My mind had run out of memories to throw on the reel and with no new stimuli, no light, there was nothing more to think about. "The chance to figure out the answer to that question," I said. "What would you do for it?" he asked. I answered, but I got no response from the darkness. - Years later, I did figure out the answer to that question. She came out of nowhere, like all great loves seem to. I'd been thinking of a story my grandfather told me a lot, the one about the two soulmates who pass right through each other in a crowd and never know what could have been. I'd been thinking about how sad it would be if that happened to me, especially knowing I could die at any moment. I went to America, hearing about great fortunes and adventures out there. But I found out quickly it wasn't the place that makes memories or adventures. It's you. So I stumbled through the cities, dismayed by the filth and poverty in the streets that was the same as where I had come from. I found work, but it was cruel work, work that needed machines, not humans, but had to substitute flesh for steel in the meantime. My days were full of grueling hours, and only a walk home as a respite from the pain. It was a walk home when I met her. She was sitting on a bench, with nothing in her hands, just looking up at the birds in the tree, giggling at them, her hands over her mouth, like she couldn't control it. "What's so funny?" I asked. "The birds, aren't they so lovely? Their lives are so simple. They just have to eat and sleep, and then they can go anywhere they want." "But don't you see them everyday? Do they always make you laugh like this?" "Of course. Would you rather never see them? Just because you see certain things everyday doesn't mean they are any less wondrous." "I think you might be right," I said. - One night, I woke up, needing to urinate. I went to the corner, checked to make sure my cellmate was sleeping, and then I saw it. The door was open. I would never figure out why, or how, but I reached my hand out into the darkness, and felt just air. I looked back at my cellmate. We had spoken less than a dozen times, and I didn't even know his name. Still, I stirred him awake. "What?" he asked. "Come. The door is open." We walked through the prison, the hallways, and finally up a staircase, feeling the whole time as if we will round a corner and come face to face with the devil. But past the final door, the moon almost blinded us. We lay in the grass in the forest outside of the prison, and look up. I could have looked up forever, picking out stars and remembering them in case I never got to see them again."My friend, I don't know why you saved me, but I am incredibly grateful." "It's what you would have done for me." "I hope so. Now tell me, what do you want most right now? I feel indebted, and would like to help you get it." "I don't know," I admitted. "This is pretty great itself." "Well, then," he said, standing up, the next words never fully registering in my brain. "Until you find out, I will search for my own dream, and share it with you when I get it." And he walked away, and that was the last I saw of him. (continued below) 