
You never meant no harm, did you? If only you could have convinced the creature. I never saw it, just its shadow. Sometimes in the dead of night, with the glow of nothing but the moon and the burning end of my cigarette, I'd see its shadow. Sometimes in the curtains when the windows were closed and house was empty, I'd see them ruffle. Sometimes a candle would turn to a wisp of smoke, its whisper enough to make the flame wane. That's how I knew it still followed. But it never struck. Just lurked there on the edge of my vision, like death and danger that follows you around and catches you when you're least expecting. That was what you always said. And I almost listened. How couldn't I? You were my everything. The light that came to me on those dark nights, and the darkness that washed over me when I couldn't sleep. The moon and my dreams. You were kindness when kindness called, and you were cruel when kindness couldn't cut it. I didn't need more. I needed you. Only you, I thought. If only you could have convinced the creature. I think you saw it more than I did. You saw it rear its ugly head and roar, and that's what sent you scampering back into the darkness like a dog that's been kicked. You only peeked your head out again once the creature had returned to its shadows. It bided its time and you bode yours. But in the nights, in the whisper of summer breezes and the cool chill of an autumn wind, the creature purred its poison and turned me 'round. Slow, steady, like the drip of a leaky faucet as it floods first the sink and then the floor, and the leak continues until it drowns me. And then I'm weightless. And then I'm free. And then I know the creature knows best. Then I didn't need more. I didn't need you. And the creature knew. The touch of its wrinkled fingers was cool against my skin. The tantalizing tease of its touch; the woo of its words; the tickle of temptation, and I embraced it. And the creature knew. The creature knew that someday you'd come for me. You'd try to tear me from its loving grasp, try to take me from what I was and make me into what I didn't want to be. We couldn't have that, could we? We couldn't let you take me somewhere dark, away from me what I needed most. So when you came that evening, answering my call like you always did, we only did what we had to do. Right? The creature knew. I knew. We knew. You'll be warm there. The ground takes longer to ice in wintertime so you'll be warm there. You always said you wanted to help, but I didn't need your help, see? The creature was all the help I needed. It pointed where to dig. Where to put the dirt. How to drag your body and cover our tracks. And then, when the night was quiet, just the purr of its pretty secrets in my ear, I knew it'd known best. You never meant no harm, did you? That's what you always said. Well, I think you did. The creature told me so. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 