
There has always been illness and there has always been those that have fought to end the suffering it causes. For millenia humanity has stood against the unending tide of plagues, diseases and viruses that prey incessantly upon us. Shaman seeking aid from those no longer with us, witches brewing potiopns and salves, and pharmacological researchers crafting more and more powerful means of keeping people alive. I found out I had a gift - this blessing, this curse - 5 years ago when my sister was infected with a potent strain of the ebola virus while on a trip to Liberia. The symptoms hit her fast and she was hospitalised. When I was able to get to her she was already close to death; her skin a septic yellow, her eyes unfocused and lost, and a smell I can only describe as wet rust. What I did was foolish. Every movie with a virus outbreak is a warning against poor containment protocols. Every warning written around her bed stating to not to enter without the correct protections in place. I ignored them and went to my sister and I wept. I wept at her bedside. I wept for the times I cancelled on her, the times that I rescheduled visits into the ground, and the times I would never be able to make amends. I begged for forgiveness and held her hand to pray to whichever power might listen to me. And I was answered. For a brief moment there was a clarity in my mind, a sense of purpose that was not there before. I looked at my sister and could see the colour return to her skin, her eyes no longer sunken and her breathing return to normal. Around my hand an aura of tranquility and purity that should not be there. Since then I have become one of, if not the, most famous people on the planet. I travel around the world and cure those that cannot afford or cannot access services that others might take for granted. I ask for nothing in return, only shelter and food for the night. These people have nothing but give everything so they can spend another few years with those they love. I control life and death. I am known by many as Michael, Angel of Judgement, though I am but a man, brought unto Earth to cure all ills, I am a blessing unto Man. But I am a blessing to no man. I am here to cure a plague, that is true, but it is not a plague unto men. It is the plague of Man I am here to cure and by my right hand and the blessings of the Old Ones, my purpose will be done. ======== First post, I hope it wasn't too bad! Let me know what you think. Literally all feedback is welcome. :D 