
"What's the first thing you're gonna buy, Dad?" Chrissy asked, gazing in wonder at the card that'd appeared on their doorstep. "I'm not sure, the options are *endless*, dear." Like many others this fateful morning, they were overwhelmed with the choices and opportunity to buy anything their hearts desired. Greg had raised Chrissy, on his own, to be frugal, and live below their means even if it means sacrifices. But now? Now for one day, they could go nuts. "Well, why don't we get some groceries, ya know, fill the pantry?" "That's a great idea, actually. Cupboards' been bare since...." "....since you lost your job?" Chrissy sighed heavily. It had been a rough few months for the duo, Chrissy juggling college applications, a job, and school all to support her poor father. Her sigh stung Greg because, although she knows he's trying his best, he feels guilty for not being able to provide the life she deserves. On their way to the store, they saw the mobs of people waving their cards, flashing their merchandise, cars overloaded with valuable and essentially worthless products. Everyone seemed more interested in buying the things they always wanted, over what they needed. The display made Chrissy wrinkle her nose in disgust, "God, Dad, look how many people there are! There's a line down the block for the Pleasure Chest." "Lots of people like material things, Chris. It makes them feel better. But tomorrow, their problems will still be there. They just fail to realize that," Greg said, avoiding two people running a massive tv across the street. He recognized a lot of people in the same financial situation as them, people from food banks and welfare offices, some from support groups for single parents and Girl Scout meetings. Why they wouldn't be buying a working air conditioner, or a non-leaky dishwasher was beyond him. Who *really* needs an exact replica of the Statue of David? When they arrived to the deserted grocery store, they were in shock. The shelves were still neatly stocked, everything in its place. A singular cashier put down her newspaper upon seeing the in-awe Greg and Chrissy. "Well, a welcome surprise. People with actual values, I assume?" She chuckled. "I guess so, ma'am," Chrissy said meekly, "we just don't have a lot of means every other day of the year." "Hey, I'm not complaining, it's been a ghost town in here! Pretty surprising, you'd think we'd be cleaned out, but people just have more on their mind I guess." Chrissy grabbed a cart, as did Greg. Together, they filled them with essentials, some exotic food they always wanted to try, and their favorite snacks and drinks that were always non-priority when buying groceries. They zoomed through the isles, laughing like maniacs at the thought of having more food than they could handle. A lightbulb went off in Chrissy's head and she caught up with her dad scanning the candy isle. "Dad, since we have literally unlimited money, why don't we get a little, or a lot, extra to donate tomorrow?" "That's....wow that's brilliant, Chrissy. Yeah, why don't we bring this stuff to the car and do another lap?" Greg was impressed with his daughters selflessness on the most selfish day of the year. They checked out and did another loop around the store, this time grabbing only essentials in large amounts. Pasta, soup, canned veggies and beans, rice for *days*. The cashier gave them a quizzical look upon their return to the register, but after they explained what their intentions were she smiled warmly. "Well, you're one of the good ones, that's not to say them out there are the bad ones, just a little misguided." Upon arriving home, bags and bags of groceries covered every surface of their meager kitchen. After finally putting the last food item in its place, they flopped onto the couch at 10 pm. They could faintly hear cheers and disarray in the streets. They had a different kind of satisfaction in their day, a wholesome one. They wouldn't have to worry about food for at *least* 4 months, and other families in the community wouldn't have to either. Greg was proud of his daughter, maybe he hadn't done so bad on his own after all. 