
"Oh great unholy demon, I call upon you now in my hour of need." The hooded sorcerer says. "I offer you, in exchange for the powers to defeat my enemies, my immortal soul to do with as you please." Kevin's jaw practically drops to the floor as the sorcerer finished his sentence. "I...I..." he stammers. "I have...absolutely no idea what you are talking about, dude. I-I'm sorry, but I think you're looking for someone else." The sorcerer furrows his brow and begins thumbing through the pages of his spell book. "You are Azazel, of the fifth ring of the inferno, lord of torture and the bringer of chaos, are you not?" "...No." Kevin replies. "I-I'm Kevin. Kevin Jones, of Sandford." "No, no no no that's not right," The sorcerer says as he reads. "You're supposed to be the great demon Azazel, lord of torture and bringer of-" "Chaos, yeah I heard you the first time," Kevin interrupts. "I don't know what to tell you man, I'm not who you're looking for." "Oh by the divines, this is ridiculous!" the sorcerer says. "I summoned an unholy demon from the depths of the inferno; I did the ritual exactly as the book described. I sacrificed a goat and everything! And instead I'm left with...what did you say your name was again?" "Kevin." "Instead I'm left with some nobody named Kevin!" the sorcerer brings a hand to his forehead and rubs his temples. "Look I'm not exactly thrilled about this either, dude." Kevin exclaims. "I was in the middle of warming up a hot pocket, about to watch the Office and then out of nowhere I'm standing in the middle of a pentagram with you! Now if you don't mind, I'd like to go home, so do you think you could reverse whatever little summoning bullshit you did in the first place?" "Well...." The sorcerer began. "You are not Azazel. That much is obvious. But you are still a demon. Perhaps you still may be of some use to me yet. Tell me, Kevin, what powers do you have?" "I don't have any powers you lunatic!" Kevin replied. "I'm an editor for a newspaper!" The sorcerer looks to the ceiling and releases a hefty sigh. "Well...Any demon is better than no demon at all..." EDIT: [Thank you all for the kind words on my first writing prompt response, here is another tale featuring Kevin in response to another writing prompt](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/biapdl/wp_soul_mates_exist_one_day_while_showering_youre/em0w626/?context=0) 