
I lived a good life, good childhood, went to college, became a nurse, married the love of my life, had three kids. It was fun, I died satisfied. When I died, this tree appeared, but it was odd, I examined the tree starting from the base, it was all the decisions I could have made, and how they could have changed my life. There was a bright line going through the base of the tree to the top, the decisions I did make. I looked around the tree, some decisions didn't change much at all, or combined into another path. Who knew drinking a decaf coffee on September 12th 1987, at 6:47 instead of a caffeinated cup, I would have been an engineer? It felt insane to know how something so insignificant could change the entire course of my life. Spending the rest of eternity in this nearly empty room, I examined the tree, day after day, night after night. This morning I followed a new path. As I was getting started, I realized how big the path was, at the top it swirled around into a seemingly endless abyss, it went back down into the base, underground, maybe part of the roots? Well I would find out soon enough. When I was born, I didn't cry. When I was twelve I really got into history and English. When I was fifteen I was preparing to go to college to study and be an archeologist. Seventeen I graduated earlier than my peers and went to college at MAU. At 21 I found my first items. Just some clay pots and utensils. Later that year I accepted an inter ship at The Skeleton. 22 I found a skeleton. It doesn't say what the skeleton was, but it resembled a human. Immediately after I dug it up and discovered it, and alerted my peers, it was immediately taken away, and I was forced to sign a NDA. It was always a mystery to me about why they did that. At 40, it felt like I never aged a day since my prime, I still had my baby face that I had when I was 20. My joints and backs never failed me. As all of my other friends start complaining about pain in back and knees. At 46 I got in an accident, a train off-railed, 10 survivors. Me, with just a few scratches. And the other 9 had to be hospitalized. I felt extremely lucky and blessed. Then we got older and older, this friend group barely changed. I still looked like a 20 year old. Of course that would lead to suspicion from some people, including the government. There was no scientific reason for my good aging, a 132 year old man, still looking like a young adult. I just got good genes. I insist, I mean why would it be anything else. 150, a woman tried to kill me, gun to head, point blank. I felt the bullet hit my skull. It didn't hurt much, I still bled, I was still alive. Then the pain got more unbearable, it felt like my skin was melting off, well because it was. My skeleton, just my bare skeleton. Not quiet human but resembled one. Just like the one I dug up when I was young. Then my pain disappeared, and I was back to normal. My head was no longer bleeding, I felt really good. The women on the ground however, did not look so good. I was at the base of the tree, but there was no ending, no death. It went down into the roots, down below, onto an Infinite plane. Well, I have all of eternity to finish it, if there is an ending. 