
Boston. Here I find myself again, strolling down a valley of asphalt, glass, and concrete. I'd been to so many like it in the last few hundred years, but each one had it's own unique personality. I grumble to myself as I wander, eyeing every "help wanted" sign I pass. Driven once again by the tiresome necessity of finding a new job like every other time I'd moved. Ten years is a long time to some, but often not long enough. I had to leave wherever I lived before I got too tied down, before it got dangerous or people started asking too many questions. Supermarket? Pshh, not likely. Barber? If there was one thing I didn't want to do all day, it was touch other people's heads. The fire company? Ha! Way too dangerous, I could still get hurt after all, and what's the point of long life just to potentially throw it away on a risky job. Bookstore? Hmmm, always a safe bet, lots to read, nice and quiet... Ugh. Maybe I should just pull up an online job board, roll some dice and be done with it. It's bad enough having to keep getting to know all new people every time. I glanced around at the people wandering the street. Pondering for a moment what each of them was about today. What were they each trying to make of their short little lives. One very old woman passing by looked up at me with shockingly green eyes. I froze as the spark made its way through me and erupted a powder keg of a memory buried for nearly a century. *Smoke. Flames. Heat. Oh so much heat!* *I crouched low, groggy with sleep, still trying to get my bearings.* *When had this fire started? How? How did it get so far before waking me up? I have to get out of here! I feel like I'm swimming in syrup. The fire is in my lungs! No. I can't panic. I have to get out of here! It won't end like this!* *A cry. There's a screaming child. No, I can't help, I have to get out! But... I'll never stop having nightmares about this if I ignore it. There, in the crib! Where are the parents? Oh no, the other room is caved in. I've got to get us out of here. Wow, I've never seen eyes so green...* "Excuse me ma'am, I just can't help but say, you have such lovely vibrant emerald eyes." "Oh thank you dearie, you sure know how to bring a smile to a lady." "I hope you don't mind me saying, you really seem like you've been around quite a long time, but you have such a lively air about you." "Ha ha, funny you should say that, I've just recently celebrated my 100'th birthday! I am so blessed to have been around here for so long." "Wow, well it must've been a great 100 years for you then!" "You might be surprised. I lost my family to a fire before I knew them, I only survived by the kindness of a mysterious stranger. I have endured many hardships. War, heartbreak, and loss. But, I never would have gotten to experience any of that if I had perished with my family. Nor would I have had the chance to cherish all the goodness and love that I now have in my life. That stranger inspired me to give everything I could to help those with nothing. It's all been worth it, just to brighten up the lives of those I meet, even if just for a little while." She looked up at me with a smile of deep joy. "Ah well, you youngsters have better things to do than listen to an old woman ramble on about the good ole days. I best keep up my walk before these old joints freeze up." For a moment, I simply stare as she slowly but surely makes her way past me and down the sidewalk with that friendly smile and still confident step. "Wait up! Maybe I don't have anything better to do than listen to some ramblings on a nice stroll about town." "Oh, well that would be lovely." As we walk, I can't help but marvel at the sheer chance of it all. You know, maybe I will try out that fire fighting job. After all, what's the point of living a long time without giving some of that life to others? 