
Had the dragons been words on a page or harmless props on a stage, the hastily assembled congregation of knights might have stood a fighting chance. Maybe if the dragons had followed a script, like in an unoriginal blockbuster movie where each plot-hole is as predictable as the last, then the knights would have emerged victorious. They had amongst them the finest writers, actors and songwriters of their day; Sir Patrick Stewart and Sir Mick Jagger. Sir Elton John and Sir Daniel Day-Lewis. A formidable group of artists, to be sure. A little less capable of warriors, unfortunately. The handful of knighted youngsters fought valiantly, but there weren't enough of them. It had been proven once before, in a widely televised murder of a defenseless baby dragon that had gotten lost and eventually tired of flying and then had to land to be captured, that the only person capable of killing a dragon was a knight. A proper, deserving knight, one might add. Sir Mick Jagger even drank the blood of the lifeless creature afterwards, mimicking his yet unknighted contemporary Mister Osbourne. A casualty of the war, as he tried to kill a dragon himself. Sir Mick Jagger claimed the dragon-blood was delicious. The satanic ritual was a poor attempt to motivate his peers who were more accustomed to aquatic yoga and bingo than to fighting. Alas, the knights fared poorly. Many struggled to mount their horses and needed stepping stools to make up for their lack of mobility. Others found themselves unfit to wield a sword, much less use it in melee combat against a massive dragon. One by one, the old men fell; antiquated knights with no concept of how to fight and far too many years under their bulging belts. Finally there was one left: the feared Sir Andy Murray. He had found himself hospitalized at the time of the return of the dragons, his arm in a sling suffering from a bad case of tennis elbow. But he was youthful and he was fit. And finally he stood before the dragons, the last of the Queen's dying guard. He turned slowly, surveying the hundreds of dragons come to feast on his Queen's un-aging blood. "Your Majesty," he whispered as she sat upon the throne. He didn't blame her for the issues, per se. But it was undeniably her fault that nearly all the knights were old, decrepit men and women well past their primes. "With all due respect. We are fucked." ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 