
In the footnote of the college biology textbook was something that changed my whole outlook in life. *Identical twins are the only known group of people that can gain from their twin's death, according to a Nazi Twin Experiment. On their deathbed, a twin can take all their strength, intelligence, and beauty through a comingling of blood at the moment of death. Since WWII, there have been three instances of this happening successfully.* I threw the book down as I realized this. I was a twin. My identical brother had always been smarter, stronger, and more handsome than I was. This was a possible way for me to get revenge. I did not particularly want to kill him, but this could get me everything that I wanted. At this point though, the two of us were too close. I would feel like I was missing a limb if I were to lose him. Five years later, I had grown further and further apart from my twin brother. He had finished college and gone onto medical school. I meanwhile had dropped out of college after knocking up the college girl I had the most fun with. I was working a menial job punching numbers during the day with some janitorial work in the night to pay for my own son who was now three years old. We were both sides of the spectrum, and I was jealous of his successes to say the very least. At Thanksgiving that year, my twin brought his girlfriend, another medical student, to dinner. She was a snotty upper class woman who was the epitome of the world that my twin had joined in going to medical school. Our parents were just so pleased with his accomplishments while backhandedly trying to suggest I finish my degree considering we were twins had the same intelligence. In between bites of turkey, I remembered the biology textbook and the possibility to get all his intelligence. After dinner, my twin and I went out for a walk along the deserted boardwalk by our home on that brisk moonlit night. He was telling me all about what he was doing in his coursework. I was trying to hide back my displeasure in knowing what he was now doing. "Why don't you finish your degree? You would love medical school. You could really provide for your family afterwards." He suggested. I shook my head. "I'm not you. I have a family that I have to provide for today and for the rest of my life. I can't be greedy like you and continue school when I have a three-year-old son." "Oh, c'mon, Bro. You were always the greedy one," my twin teased. That was what finally tripped my trigger. I charged at him right then and threw him onto the ground. It was at that point I knew that I wanted to be greedy and kill him. I wanted everything he had, and this was the way that I could do that. The two of us were in what felt like an endless struggle of a wrestle trying to get the other to submit. We were too evenly matched, I learned at that moment. Fortunately, I carried a box cutter at all moments because of my work. "Really? What are you trying to prove with this?" My twin demanded after spitting out the blood from a sucker punch I had thrown at his face. "You're right. I am the greedy one. I want what you have." "How are you going to get that? You can't take my life." "I can get your blood, your intelligence, your strength." At that point, my twin made a realization. "You've got to be kidding me? That biology textbook. That was a joke. That doesn't happen." "Well, we can sure figure out about that," I posited as I came at my twin with the box cutter, sprinting with red in my eyes to kill this stranger before me. Right then, I realized I was starting to feel weaker and weaker. Before I could reach him, I was on the ground in sheer pain. My heart felt like it was coming out of my body. I had dropped the box cutter a few steps back. My brother was over my body a few seconds later before he pressed a finger to my neck. "I was hoping we could have gotten a little further down the boardwalk instead of having to fight there. Now just a few more minutes and you'll be dead from that heart attack. Then I can get your blood." "You? You?" Weakly, I demanded between gasps for breath. "Bro, I have been studying that for years now. I wanted to see if it was true. And, it is. I will take everything from you as you pass. At least I won't be going to prison afterwards, like you would have if you had killed me with that box cutter. I'll just have to get an echocardiogram to check out my heart after my brother had a heart attack in his twenties. A simple consolation prize for everything you have." He laughed at that point. "Goodbye, Brother." 