
"Is Katrina here?" "Who's Katrina?" I stare at Katrina's mom. "Your daughter," I reply, confused. "Don't you remember your daughter? I'm her best friend." "Listen," she says. "I'm sorry, but I don't have a daught--hey wait, where are you going?!" I push past her, into the house. There were small differences in the living room; no Nintendo Switch connected to the TV, no stray bottles of pink lemonade. I rush to Katrina's room. Maybe there's something there. But when I get there, it's just an office. The bed with the broken springs is missing, the Mac we spent hours playing video games and watching YouTube on is gone, replaced by another, different computer sitting on a desk. I dig through the drawers. Stationary. Checkbooks. Papers. Her dresser's gone. The closet's empty. Her iPad's missing. I panic and search harder. "No..." I mumble, scouring the room. "This can't be happening, this can't--" I choke on my words and hastily wipe away the hot tears in my eyes. I haven't actually cried over something in months. I drop to the floor and start searching under desks. There's a carving in the wall. I trace it with my fingers. It's her handwriting. "Come find me. Don't forget me." A thought flashes through my mind. Forget who? I shake my head quickly. I can't lose her. I *can't.* I grab the nearest piece of paper and a pencil. My art skills weren't the best, but they were going to be put to use now. I sketch out both our faces and scribble out a message on top. "Don't forget." I pause. What was her name again? I smack myself in the face and nearly begin to tear up, before writing her name down. I try to get her face as exact as possible, before tossing away the pencil and shoving the paper in my pocket. *I'll find you, Katrina,* I think to myself. *I'll die before failing you. Meaning i'll likely die soon.* I laugh to myself quietly, before putting my face to my hands and finally letting out a pained sob. She loved those jokes. Or did she? I can't remember. *God, I can't remember.* I check my phone for her number. It's still there. Listed as Undyne. I laugh to myself softly. "Are you okay?" I type out. No response. I put my phone back into my pocket. I have to find her. I stop in my tracks. But wait, who am I supposed to be looking for in the first place? 