
Ever since I was aware of my existence and power, I had felt unloved. Attempting to make friends with any human had left them cowering in fear, despite me trying to explain that I was friendly, that I meant them no harm. Millennia of this and I was still trying, attempting to make a connection. But then I felt myself not trying as hard anymore. When they would reject me, instead of simply leaving them be as I used to, I would scream a deafening scream. I would threaten to make them wish they were never born, and so they ran away, praying to God to save them from this monster. But there was only me. This hatred for life deepened and deepened, making me dream of watching the world burn. Perhaps that would finally give me some form of satisfaction. And then I met him. He was the one who actually listened to me for once. The one that actually made me feel *loved.* He listened to me rant about my problems and my hatred for the human race. He finally gave me a shoulder to cry on. And then he took me in. He made me a member of his family, but not before he made me promise to not destroy the world. "There is still good in this world. I know, a lot of people can be shitty, but if you were to destroy the world, then all of those innocent and good and amazing people would just be *gone*." "Amazing like you?" He laughed a bit, and smiled. "Yeah, amazing like me." "I promise." *** That was just three years ago. It's such a minuscule amount of time, but it was the best three years of my life. I swore that I would spend the rest of his life with him, and I did. And then one morning, I sensed that something was wrong with him, and so I immediately came to him, to come face-to-face with his corpse. I kneeled, and held him in my arms. He had been shot in the head. Not even with my immense powers could I save him from death. I looked up to see a man running away from the body, holding a gun. I raised my arm and blasted him, vaporizing him instantly. I turned my attention back to the corpse that had once been my best friend, and I did the only thing I could do: I wept. *** For weeks after, I was filled with fury, the kind of fury that I had never felt before. I was mad at that one man, mad at the *world* for taking my best friend and only friend away. I contemplated finally ending humanity's miserable existence every day, but every time I did, I remembered the promise that I made to him. And while I was still full of rage, I didn't go against his wishes. I could at least give him that. They say that an immortal cannot be killed, and that is mostly true, but not completely. The only thing that can kill an immortal is itself. And I'm not sure how I know this, I only know that I do know this. I have known it ever since I have known myself. Ever since I was aware of the universe around me. If I stay here any longer, I can not guarantee the world's survival. I can not guarantee that I am able to hold myself back any longer. So that is why I must go. Matt, I know you're not really there. I know that there is nothing beyond here, and that I am simply talking to myself, but I needed to share this with you. I needed to talk to you one last time, even if you aren't actually on the receiving end. Goodbye, Matt. I love you. 