
"B-but..." "No more buts. The dragon is innocent, sir knight. Do you wish to be arrested for unlawful entry? I hear the punishment involves 3 years in the dungeon, a 2000 gold fine, or both, according to the 39th paragraph of His Highness' Robbery Act. I bet you didn't know that." "N-no I didn't..." "Also, paragraph 46 of that same act allows for self-defence actions up to and including death by any individual upon a trespasser, without repercussions. That means Mr Dragon here has the right to murder you and be free of litigation." "Wait, but why would the king make these laws..." "Finally, you may be brought to court for harassment of both the dragon and the lady, with reparations up to thousands of gold. I suggest you leave now, sir knight, lest I wield the power of the law against you." "O-okay okay! I'm going!" After the knight had left, the dragon turned to the lawyer. "You're not wrong. I did earn that gold legally. That was well done, little one. I did not expect you to honor your agreement." The lawyer responded with a small smirk and a slight bow. "I always keep my agreements. Thank you again for saving me all that time ago." "You're welcome. And thank you for making a nice meal for me now, mortal fool!" The dragon opened his massive jaw to roast the lawyer. However, the lawyer simply raised a finger in the dragon's face. "Wait. The contract is not fulfilled yet." With a grunt of disgust, the dragon closed his mouth. "What is it now?" The lawyer took a deep breath. "The contract stated that in return for you saving my life, I owed you a favor. Now the favor you asked of me was to remove the humans from your lair, and to protect your property from harm. Am I correct?" "Yes you are. And the favor is done. So now die!" "But it isn't. There is still a human here." The lawyer pointed to the still unconscious princess. "Well, she's my property. So you can't harm her or take her away." Now the lawyer smiled. "On the contrary, Mr Dragon. You kidnapped the princess from her castle two days ago. According to His Highness' Property and Valuables Act, objects may legally switch hands only with express written agreement of its former owner, or seven days have passed without the former owner staking their claim to said objects, whichever comes first. It has not been seven days, neither has the king given express permission for you to have his daughter. So therefore, you do not have possessory rights over the princess, and according to our agreement and your favor, you must allow me to remove the princess from your lair." "W-what? What is this bullshit?" "Its the law, Mr Dragon. And I know you'd never stray from the law." And so the lawyer picked up the princess and left, leaving behind a fuming dragon and his probably-not-actually-legal-but-technically-legal-enough gold. 