
"YO RAMONE, GET YOUR ASS IN HERE!" "Woah woah woah, Paul what's with all the yelling guy?" "You're not gonna tell me why the fucking target is me?!" Ramone scratched his head quizzically, "What? What the fuck are you talking about you bozo? Gimme that." Ramone snatched the parchment away from my hands and looked at it intently. He looked up at me, then back down at the hit order. Up and down, up and down, up and down... "Ramone..." I sighed and sat myself down behind my desk, "you really got to get your shit together bud. This is a professional operation. PROFESSIONAL. I don't want this to happen again. Now throw that shit in the recycling." "Hey uh, Pauley before I do that you're gonna want to see who ordered the hit." "Who was it? Was it Viktor? I know we like to prank each other, but this prank was distasteful. It's downright-" "Paul! Shut up and take a look." "Okay man, chill." Ramone handed me the order. I turned it over, and my stomach sank. I stood up and tried to walk into the other room, but my legs had failed me. I fell on the cold stone floor, so many emotions welled up within me. I just sat up and put my back against the wall. On the back of the order was a name that I was all too familiar with. "CARLA WILLIAMS." My wife's name. I stared at the name for what seemed an eternity. "I uh... Wow. What the fuck?" I said in disbelief "Pfft..." I looked up and saw Ramone stifling a laugh. "WHAT RAMONE?! WHY ARE YOU LAUGHING?!" My voice cracked and I had to choke back tears. "I GOT YOU DIPSHIT!" "Wha-" Ramone keeled over and let out one of the biggest laughing fits I've ever seen. "You're so gullible! You thought Carla actually put a hit on you?! And to add to that with your own company?!" One of Ramone's lungs probably collapsed because of his hysterics. I was confused, angry, and relieved at the same time. Ramone got up and wiped a tear from his eye. He looked at me and clearly sensed my bewilderment. "What? Did you forget?" "Forget what?" "Look at the date numb nuts." I took out my phone, and looked at the date. "April 1st..." "Gotcha, Pauley." Edit: Wow! This blew up, thank you to everyone who read my story it means a lot to me that so many people enjoyed it. If you think I should continue the story let me know. 