
"A mistake was made," said the U.N. Secretary General. Last night depth probes had rained from the Vermont sky. They had been dropped in the hole six months and one day ago, exactly. Now they were back. And we all knew what would follow. 15,000 nuclear weapons had been dropped into the hole one month ago. Humanity had five months left. Iceland was the first country to divide all of their wealth equally among its citizens. "Make the most of it while you can," said its prime minister. "I wish that you all will live to the fullest, in open defiance of the absurdity that has become human existence." A dark brooding overtook the world. In every coffee shop you would find young men and women engaged in deep thought, contemplating the strange spectacle that had become their predicament. Political parties rose and fell like a beating heart, struggling to regain its foothold after a traumatic shock. Whispers were heard in street corners, a salvation unmistakably on its way. "This is a trial," many a stranger would tell each other. "We have five months to show that we are worthy of life. If you dedicate yourself to the Good, you will survive. The others will be erased from the world and be forgotten." As reality began to set in, a strange fellow gained worldwide attention and fame when he assured humanity that he had found the solution to their woes. "This planet is doomed," he said. "But this isn't the only one. We have the funds. We have the drive. We can escape inevitable doom and settle on the red planet." The Martian Movement grew strong, and with it a sense of optimism dawned on humanity. "There is a chance," was the sentiment. "We could still survive." The window of time was narrow. In a single month, humanity would have to work together and embark on its greatest mission yet. But there was another faction growing. And it grew strong. The first body fell 46 days after the first probes. It landed on top of the garbage heap. Some commented that it was an apt metaphor; humanity falling to their grave on top of the steaming pile of mess that had left behind. This nihilistic notion became commonplace. "Humanity does not deserve to be saved." Such were their sentiment. They held counter-rallies to the devout Martians. They argued that man had had his chance, and he had failed. He did not deserve a second chance. The hole only spat out what had been tossed inside. We had failed the litmus test, and so the book closed. Then, one day, the hole closed. Time went on, and as the six-month period came to pass, it became evident that it would keep on doing so. The once dedicated groups dissipated like a soup gone cold. The world remained the world. Never would anyone learn the true nature of the hole. It seemed a chance event, bereft of meaning. Humanity would ultimately have to fill the hole with stories. With meaning. And it would keep on drifting through the cold Universe, forever asking themselves the same question: why? 