
As I was watching one of Bob Ross' episodes of "The joy of painting", I started noticing some interesting details. Bob was painting a beautiful wooden house by a lake, with some happy little trees and other stuff. "I saw that house", I whispered, in a low voice. I sketched the painting and made a phone call to my boss, saying I was not feeling well and would not work for about one week. After he had agreed to let me stay at home I got in my car and quickly drove to Moosehay Lake, where there was an old and abandoned cabin made out of logs. Watching the sketch I drew, it felt as if the place was right. It was as if I could smell it, the fresh air. I closed my eyes and felt the warm browns and greens, the cold blues and greys. I got out of the car and slowly walked on the gravel of the alleyway, all the way to the door. Once inside I tried to find a hint. Nothing much: Just cobwebs, furniture and such. I sat on the chair and thought for about half an hour, until it hit me. "... And maybe we can paint a smaaall light in the house, haha" had said Bob. Light, that was the key. I pressed all of the light switches like a madman, until I heard something screech. I went in the bedroom and trapdoor flung itself open, revealing a passage to the underground. "Oh come on, you have got to be kidding me", I moaned. Slowly descending into the dark, only using my phone's torch, I was feeling uneasy. After about two hundred more metres the corridor I was walking in suddenly emerged into a big opening, a medium-sized room. At the center, only a small chest. Smelled fishy but ok. I opened the chest and checked for traps. Nothing. Inside it a small note, 'Now then, let's come right down in here and put some nice big strong arms on these trees. Tree needs an arm too. It'll hold up the weight of the forest. Little bird has to have a place to set there. There he goes...' and on the paper there was a small bird flying to a distant mountain. "Oh you goddamn son of... A beautiful and good woman". and why did I say that? Well. The next clue was written on the corner of the note... Canada. Welp, I guessed it was time to arm myself with good manners, a small dose of maple syrup and go where man daren't to go... PART 1 is done. Sorry for any mistakes since English is not my first language. If you want to read more let me know and I will write a second part, which will probably contain a timeskip to speed things up, and possibly a third and final part! 