
*So... this is my life now* I thought while looking at the man that *kind of* looked like me. It all started several years ago; one night while sleeping a man showed up in my dream, he had a black suit, a well maintained hair and the rest of his appearance screamed "success" in a way only rich powerful men managed to. He claimed to be my future self and told me he would visit me every night to make sure I had the future he represented. It was just a weird dream the first time, but then it happened again, and again and again. Eventually I started to follow his advice and I was immediately rewarded by it; I got every promotion I wanted, got every women I desired and every service I needed. Life was good and I was only to abide to one rule "Never, *ever*, sleep during the day". As with every story in the history of ever that had a forbidden action, the past repeated itself; one particular day that mixed a very late night, few hours of sleep and having the cold I fell sleep on the couch while watching TV. Future self presented himself again, just that this time he didn't look much like he used to. He had a beard, a long and wild beard that had remains of food in it, all his face was covered in scars and sweat with a long hair that didn't match up with the bald spot on his head, though it did match with his body odor. He looked at me with blood injected eyes and the look of someone who's seen more suffering that he can take. "Don't listen to the man in the suit!" I remember him telling me "He isn't trying to help you!" I laughed and asked why should I take advice from such a pitiful man. "I am not the one who gives advice. I'm the one who gives the warnings" he responded and faded away. After that I woke up and thought nothing of it, just some bad dream brought by my untrusting subconscious. Life went on, I kept on winning on everything I put my mind (and my good friend's help) into. My last big quest was getting a billionaire business moving, and as was expected I succeeded. After the celebration party I had my usual meeting in my dream. Future me looked incredible happy, as he should be since I had finally become what he wanted me to be. "It took incredible time and effort, but you did it" he congratulated me "From now on you wont need me since you're finally *me*" he said while he offered me his hand for a final shake. I shook his hand vigorously while thanking him for making me who I was, he put his other hand over my own and said "...though I'm surprised you didn't listen to your daylight version, most people do..." he said while smiling, a yellow flash in his eyes "... big mistake". And then he was me, not in the future as how I've been seeing him so far but me *me*. A wicked smile on my, not, his face and he disappeared. And just like that I was alone, locked in a dream that looked a lot more grim and dark that I usually remembered it. I've been trying to escape ever since, but there's only one way... *So this is my life now...* I thought while looking at the *young* man that *kind of* looked like me. "Hello..." I said while straightening my spotless suit "I am your future self". *Edit*: Wow, thanks guys. This is the first time I write something on this sub and I was nervous as hell. Thanks for the amazing feedback. I'll hang out here more often. 