
Alujin of the Baonjooli Gramia, trekked along the great dunes of the Kalian desert, a long way from his grassy home on the shimmering Baonjool river. The ocean of sand, red as the poisonous Rem valley orchids, finally, after another full day's travel, turned to high pillars of stone. Past these rocks, laid his destination: The home of the Beastmaster. Alujin had heard tales of the Beastmasters as a larva, this ancient, rare race of creature tamers from a far off star. This Beastmaster, the Beastmaster of the Yellow Sands, was said to be the only one in the entire spiral arm. Not that that meant much to Alujin. His three hoof-like feet had never left the soil of the world, and tales of the stars were only the legends of the Hueyen culture of the Gramia, of which his grandpatron was a part of. Ze had filled his head with stories of aliens and starships. He never really expected to meet an alien - let alone be tasked with this great quest. He passed the rocky cliffs, and, almost instantly, was struck by the somber and sudden shift of stone to the flatness of the Yellow sands. The two amber suns began setting over the flat horizon, tinging the orangish sky with purple. Alujin stepped tenderly, hesitantly, onto the sand, as if he expected it to give way underneath him, as if an illusion. But, his foot felt hard packed sand. He made another few steps out onto the plateau. He looked around, and saw, in the distance, a white tent, a thin spiral of grey smoke billowing from the top. Was that it? His destination? Before he could shimmer with joy, he heard a growl from behind him. His head swiveled around. There, upon a pillar was a creature of purple armor platings, and a tangled mass of yellow tentacles. It was at least the size of four Gramia adults. It created a strange, crying, whining noise, like a larvae in pain, but with the emotion of vengeful attacker. IT suddenly leapt into the air, towards Alujin. It's narrow head opened its mouth, revealing an array of silver, bladelike teeth, and two thin rasping tongues, spinning them around like a marateni spinner. Alujin howled in terror, before he heard a gruff voice - "Heel." The Creature stopped in its tracks, skidding to a halt, a puff of yellow sand clouding up behind it. Alujins eyes were sealed shut. He opened just one, the smallest one, to peek at the creature. It had stopped, peering at him with 8 geometric eyes. "Benny means you no harm," said the gruff voice. Alujin teedered around. There they stood. The Beastmaster. Taller, than he expected, Alujin didn't even come up to their neck. They had two arms, like Alujin, except higher up, of course, and stood on only two legs, covered in a dense blue material. It wore a cloak around itself, its hood covered the top of its head, something Alujin could not do, given his ear stocks. It's mouth was covered in a tangle of... well, he wasn't sure what it was. Grass? "H..hello," Alujin said, and was met by silence. "You are the Beastmaster, yes?" The Beastmaster did something with iits head, shaking it up and down, before it corrected itself. "Yes," they said, stepping past Alujin to touch.... Benny, on the head. It seemed to... like it. "I've been sent by my Grandpatron, elder Uri of the Baonjool. We have... a beast problem," Alujin said nervously. his vivid memory started to pour into him, the memory of that horrid creature, the way it moved, attacked... "Mmh." "It's horrible... It has blades for fingers... and everywhere it goes it spreads this horrid... Pollen! It makes the villagers swell with pus! It moves with total silence!" "And this beast... What is it called?" The Beast master pulled out piece of meat, that the creature gobbled up. "It's..." He clenched his eyes, and darkened in terror. "Out with it, lad." "They call it... a Cat." 