
Perched at the top of a thirty story building, legs dangling over the edge, I was gazing down at the streets below. At the ants, crawling about the streets, going about their day to day lives. They are nothing. A car horn blares below for a moment, as an obnoxiously large SUV cuts through a red light. "Well hello there", I mutter to myself. A moment later, in my mind, I'm inside his engine, gleefully eyeing all the toys at my disposal. *I could cut his brakes... no, a bit harsh. I could drain his windscreen wiper fluid? Pfft, he'd barely notice. Pop his tyres? No, he'd screw up and crash, probably kill someone.* *He doesn't need these though...* I unscrew the valve caps on his tyres. I disconnect the rear left power window. I unscrew the bolt on the spare tyre in the trunk, leaving it to rattle about. Cut all of the cables in the obnoxiously large subwoofer. I snap back to my body, back to the roof. It's not much, but it makes my endless existing mildly entertaining. The SUV drives on, none the wiser. I take a breath, scanning for my next target. There's a woman struggling with groceries, attempting to juggle four bags and retrieve her keys. She swears profusely as I tear a hole in one of the bags and the contents pour onto the pavement. There's a group of teenagers loitering near a fountain, flicking skateboards about. I tear the wheels off one of the boards just before the kid lands, and he tumbles to the ground. The others cackle in laughter at his failure. A policeman on a horse waits a set of lights to cross, and I sting the horse enough for it to thrash backwards, throwing him to the ground. "You're not supposed to be up here," a voice calls from behind me. I continue looking downward, having scanned him already. A security guard. Someone had heard maniacal laughter on the roof, and he'd waddled his way up. Too much reliance on the elevator, too long in his seat, had left him fat. Couldn't secure much. The short trip up the stairs from the top floor had left him panting and lightly sweating. "Hey, are you listening?" He calls again. I shrug. Swing my legs up to my side, rolling into a slightly suggestive pose, my arm propping my head up as I lay on my side. I stare at him. I can feel his unease. "What are you doing on the edge?" There's about three metres, and a mesh fence, between us. He has his hand on a radio on his belt. I continue staring. He starts sweating harder. "Do... do you speak english?" He calls. Increasingly unsure of himself. I roll my eyes visibly, becoming increasingly bored with this distraction. I spring to my feet, balancing perfectly on the edge of the roof. A gust of wind rolls through, and I feign a loss of balance, wobbling over the edge, appearing to recover at the last second. The fat man nearly has a heart attack. "Come on, get down and come inside, otherwise I'll call the police." I'm bored with this now. "No need," I shout, as I spread my arms wide and let myself fall backwards. He screams and leaps forward, as I disappear into a cloud of dust. He's left staring, dumbfounded, on the roof, as I reappear in the lobby, take his wallet from the security booth, and stroll out the front door. 