
The old man stumbled slowly towards me, with the old lady on his back. Her eyes were closed, and her head leaned motionless on his broad shoulders. From his calm expression and the way he was moving, you could tell that he had been doing this for a very long time. It must have been a much easier task before time and age had crept up on him. They eventually reached the shade under the tree that was sheltering me from the scorching summer heat. I have always enjoyed the peace under this big tree, there's something calming about the rustling of the leaves as the gentle breeze weaves through them. Alone time is essential to keep my sanity, it's no fun being around people all the time when you can read them like a book. The old man lowered his partner gently to the ground, and put her in a sitting position with her back against the tree. Needless to say, the 0 score piqued my curiosity, but I decided that I would let him speak first. "You don't mind do you, young man?" he asked. "Not at all," I smiled at him, then briefly looked at his partner who I assumed was asleep. He smiled back, then proceeded to remove her bamboo hat and wiped the sweat off her face. "Is she ok?" I asked. "I have some water here if you want some." "Thank you for your kind offer young man, but she doesn't drink anything other than our home-brewed tea. It has to be brewed by me too." Before he could continue, she reached out for him in a strange manner. Her eyes remained closed. It was as though she was searching for him. "Don't worry I'm here old lady. You just rest and I'll let you know when it's time to leave yeah?" He patted her gently on the left shoulder three times while saying that. There was a look of relief on her face upon feeling the tap, and she proceeded to lie down for a rest. "Sorry about that, she's blind, mute and deaf you see." I had guessed as much at this point, but didn't expect her to be mute and deaf too. I nodded with a smile. "So how may I be at your service?" He looked surprised at first, but must have realized straightaway that I am the real deal. "I'm not really here to ask for compatibility. I just... I just want to know if she's happy, that's all." I didn't understand the question at first. Wouldn't he know by now? And then it struck me. What a tragedy. He had been living with such uncertainty all this while they were together. Even if he did feel her emotions in his bones, he could never convince himself that they were true unless she had said so. "I'm afraid you know better than me in that aspect. Do you mind telling me what your relationship is?" That was the first time I ever needed to ask such a question. "I don't know." "You don't know?" "We're married, yes, but it was a one-sided affair. I guess. She didn't have a say of course. I did it so that I could take care of her for the rest of her life as a legit partner." I welcomed the distraction of a passing Buffalo to allow those words to sink in. "You're not sure if she's thankful or hates you." He nodded in silence. "Why her? If you don't mind me asking." "I ask myself the same question all the time too. No special reasons I guess. She was the daughter of our next door neighbor when we were still kids, and all our parents were murdered when bandits raided the village. I hid her and myself in the long drop for two days and we somehow managed to survive." His eyes were fixated on the now distant Buffalo, his soul reliving the distant past. Knowing that he hadn't quite finished saying his piece, I remained silent. Contrary to popular beliefs, my job requires mostly listening skills rather than the ability to read people. "And so we lived like this, as a married couple, not truly understanding each other, for the last sixty years." That was then she started twitching slightly on the ground. "That's her saying *stop yapping and let's get the hell out of here!*" he said, followed by a hearty laughter. "Thank you young man. I guess deep down I always knew the answer, I just needed someone to talk to and tell me everything is fine." "Everything is fine," I said. "I've never seen love as deep and genuine as this." Those words came from the bottom of my heart. Couple with compatibility figures close to 100 who have fallen out are a dime and a dozen, but never have I met a couple who are still together despite having 0 compatability. "About your compatibility score..." "Oh, that. No offence young man, but I think I know that better than you do." He broke in a big smile, then waved at me as he turned to walk away. Against the shimmering golden horizon, I could see the old lady smiling and pecking him gently on the cheek. 