
"Yes Mrs Dorothy," I said and scrubbed harder. "I don't mean to be difficult dear, I just want to make sure it's looking tidy for my grandson's visit tomorrow," the spirit said as she hovered above me. I'd been scrubbing her headstone for thirty minutes now and the sun had almost set. Dad would come looking for me soon so I needed to finish up. "How's that?" I said as I stood back. "That'll do dear. Now, I was hoping you'd be able to help me with one more thing if you have time," Mrs Dorothy said. "What's that Mrs Dorothy?" "Well dear, that grave in the corner by the entrance, it's so dirty. It's the oldest one in this place and no one knows whose it is. I was just hoping, since you have another few days before you head back to school, you wouldn't mind giving it a scrub too?" I sighed and looked over towards the entrance. The headstone was almost out of sight beneath a large overgrown bush. "Ok, I'll be down at 8am," I said. "Thank you dear, oh and you did try to explain to my grandson over the phone that you could speak with me, didn't you?" "Yes Mrs Dorothy," I said as I recalled the phone call that made be sound like a crazy person, "and your grandson hung up." "Oh, well, how very rude of him," she said sternly, "you make sure to let him know I said that when he arrives tomorrow." The next morning I was straight into it. Cutting back bushes, digging out weeds, and scrubbing off moss. After an hour I was starting to see the headstone. "Huh," I muttered as I started to clear away the top half. It was blank, just as Mrs Dorothy had suggested. It took another twenty minutes before I had the headstone sparkling. That's when I noticed the small etching near the bottom. It read *A Young 1647.* "A Young," I said to myself, "who are you?" Suddenly the head of a young lady's spirit emerged from behind the headstone. I yelled in fright and scrambled backwards. "I'm sorry," the spirit whispered, "please don't be afraid." "You just gave me a fright is all," I said, trying to reassure her, "what's your name?" "Alice," she said. "I'm Scarlet. Nice to meet you," I said with a smile. "No one's ever done that for me before," she said quietly. "What's that?" "Taken care of my grave," she said as she looked at her headstone. "It's nothing, just the common decency everyone deserves. So Alice, if you don't mind me asking, how did you end up here?" She didn't answer initially. I could see tears swelling in her eyes. "I'm sorry," I said, "you don't have to tell me." "No, it's just...I was once like you," she began, "young and free and with a particular ability that scared most people. Just like you, I could speak with spirits and back when I was alive, there were quite a few of us. We came from a long line of necromancers going back thousands of years. But over the centuries we faced numerous persecutions. Those in power didn't like the fact that we held so much control. They were scared of us and when I was alive they came for us like never before, and this time they killed us all," she said with a sob as she relived her last days, then she looked back at me, "or at least they thought they did." "You don't have to go on if it's too hard," I said gently. "No, I must. For your sake. You see, I've been watching you for months, wishing for you to stay safe. I knew the time would come when we must speak because the other spirits here don't understand," she said. "Don't understand what?" "How much danger you're in. You possess the ability to speak to the spirits, a power that has been forgotten for hundreds of years. But if certain powerful people find out, they will come for you. They called people like me witches and they hunted us with ease, but they'll call you much worse and make every effort to hunt you down. You must be careful," she said frantically. I always had a fear of people thinking I was crazy if I told them what I got up to in my dad's graveyard, so when I thought about it, I realized the only person I had actually told was Mrs Dorothy's grandson and, as I suspected, he assumed I was crazy. Just then the gate swung open and a young man walked through. In the distance I could see another two men walking towards the gate. "Hello, Scarlet?" the man said hesitantly. "Hi," I said as I pulled off my glove and extended my hand. Suddenly Mrs Dorothy appeared beside Alice and yelped in delight, "Oh wonderful! Isn't he handsome?" She said. I just smiled, knowing her grandson already suspected I was crazy and not wanting to confirm it by replying to a bush. "Thanks for reaching out," he said before glancing back towards the gate, "my cousins also came along and we thought it might be nice if we could take you out for a drink to say thanks for taking care of our grandma's grave?" I was about to reply when Mrs Dorothy interrupted, her voice confused, "but I only have one grandson." "Oh no," Alice cried. 