
"Empty the fucking cash register!" the man in front of me is screaming his lungs out and waving a gun in the air. *Shit! He's blowing my score with this amateur crap.* Workers and customers in the small supermarket shriek and curl up into balls, but I stay steady. The cashier is manically shoving cash into the bag, and I wait for him to hand it over to the howling robber before I make my move. "Thank you," the asshole says as the cashier hands him the bag with notes spilling out of it. "Now everyone stay calm as I leave and forget my face--" "Drop the fucking bag!" I've got my Glock trained right on his ugly head, and he freezes with his weapon still pointed at the cashier. "What... What the hell are you doing, man?" he cries, confused as can be. "Now look here, asshole," I take a step forward, he winces. "I've been planning this job for a week, and I'm not backing out now because some rookie decides to rob the place on the same damn day." "But," he sounds like he's going to cry. "This is my first score, c'mon dude--" "DROP THE FUCKING BAG!" The sack hits the floor with a thud. "Could you please stop pointing your gun at me, sir?" the cashier is still standing their, looking relatively calm all things considered. "Now pick up all the spilled loot and shove it back in there," I command. The rookie is slow to move, still pointing his gun lazily at the cashier. "I said, please stop pointing that--" "Dude, shut the fuck up and get on the floor!" I yell at the dumb employee. "No," his hands move quickly behind his apron and brandish two handguns, one pointed at each of us before we know what's happened. "You shut the fuck up and get on the floor!" "What the hell!?" both of us cry in unison. "Now look here, assholes," the cashier looks furious, not even worried that we both have our guns trained on him as he speaks. "I've been working here for six damn months, and I've been planning to rob the safe this whole damn time on this exact day!" "You've got to be kidding me--" "And now you two idiots have fucked it all up! So I'm gonna have to settle for the register's take," his voice is commanding, the tone of a professional. "Now, both of you drop your guns and put the spilled money in the bag." Sirens blare and tires screech outside, and all three of us share a concerned glance. "Truce?" I plead, mainly with the cashier. Two cops burst through the glass doors, literally shattering them with their shotguns as they walk through. "Everyone put your fucking hands up!" one of them screams as he racks a shell into his weapon. "Fuck you, we've got hostages!" damn, this guy is a professional. The three of us are pointing our guns at the cops now (the rookie is more weeping than anything), but the officers aren't backing down. "Fuck your hostages!" weird tactics for police officers. "We've been on the force for five years, and we've come here for one thing..." *Are you kidding me?* "Drop your guns, and shove all that spilled cash back in the bag...." *Son of a bitch...* ___ **Thanks for reading. Sub to /r/BeagleTales for daily weirdness** 