
"That a wedding ring?" The man with the beard had asked the night before at the bar, motioning to my left hand. "Not exactly," I had answered, absentmindedly twisting the shining black band around my ring finger. "Promise ring?" He pressed. This guy was obviously more than passively curious. "Something like that." I had replied. Taking the hint, the guy moved on. The next day, I was at the controls of a brand new Red Canary 222. I was supposed to be performing routine air surveillance, but instead, I replayed that scene from the bar over and over in my head. He had been cute- maybe my type even, if I was someone who let myself have a type. Was I stupid to turn him away? Was it childish to still believe in magic rings? I had never doubted my parents had real magic when I was small. I had seen what they could do with my own little eyes. They would conjure up unexplainable wonders in our living room just to make me stop crying. It was our little secret. But when I was nine, my parents died, and the magic stopped. All I had left to remember them by was this stupid ring that didn't do anything, except sit on my finger and make me undateable. It was hard to keep believing all by myself. "Why couldn't my stupid parents give me a magic ring that actually did something useful" I mumbled under my breathe. If I hadn't been flying a god damn airplane, I would have pulled the stupid thing off my finger and chucked it across the room, like I had done a million times before. I always eventually retrieved it. "Captain Schuyler," a staticky surge accosts me from the intercom. "Head north east immediately, an unidentified aircraft has been spotted. It is refusing to land or communicate." For one second, I was shocked into silence. Nothing ever actually happens at Sienna Skies base. That was the whole point of putting top secret research there. "Copy that," I cough out, hoping my hesitation wasn't obvious. I immediately turn the plane. My knuckles are white on the controls. I wish I was given more information. Am I about to fly into a fire fight? As I get closer, my intercom catches Captain Subra warning the aircraft to land. "We are armed and prepared to fire." His voice blares serious, yet calm into my cockpit. In a few minutes I see two of my fellow captains, circling low in their own Red Canaries. Above them is an aircraft I had never seen before. The entire craft in black, and so shiny it glistens in the sun. It doesn't even exactly look like an airplane. It's too flat. The oddness sends shivers down by spine. I join my fellow captains in circling. As we pass by, I lock eyes with a panicked Captain Eva Petrovich. We know we are going to have to shoot this thing down. I point the nose of my canary up. I need to match the crafts altitude before I shoot. Captain Subra is already ahead of me, and Captain Petrovich follows. "This is your final warning," she says into her microphone, if you do not descend, we will be forced to shoot you down. Closer to the craft, I can see that it is covered in windows. There is a figure in one of the windows, a man with dark hair. I just see the back of his head at first, and then he turns. Involuntarily, my hands fly off the controls. My plane is vibrating- no, I'm vibrating. I let myself lose control of the plane in the confusion. Wildly I grasp at the controls. I realize it's my ring that's vibrating. What the fuck is going is going on? I look up at the dark haired man again. He is staring right at me. I need to get the ring off. I am about to pull it off when I hear my orders. "3, 2, 1 fire" I am frozen. Captains Subra and Petrovich are firing. "Captain Schuyler!" Someone is shouting at me "Captain Schuyler!" The black craft isn't going down. The man with the dark hair is still looking at me. My ring is still vibrating. I have to make a decision. I decide to land. Edit: wow! I forgot how lovely the support and love here is. Thank you so much to everyone who commented. I have in the past tried to make my little entries into multi part series and failed miserably. I'm so much happier with a single entry. So, for now I'm not planning on a second part, but thank you for all the encouragement. 