
"What the fuck is this?" I held the weapon out to the receptionist at the desk. "Sir, our process is very thorough. I can assure you there has never been someone who hasn't been correctly matched with a weapon before." Even as she said it, her face showed her uncertainty. "I can assure you that *this*," I waved the weapon around in my hand, "isn't even a weapon. What am I supposed to do with this?" "Sir, I'm sorry, but I don't know what to tell you." "Tell me what the fuck this thing is!" The receptionist paused for a moment before she picked up the phone and started dialing. "Hello, yes, I've got a problem down here." "18 years. I've been hyped up for 18 years!" "He doesn't like his weapon." "Everyone else got cool ass weapons." "I understand, but I think it's better if you take a look at this yourself." "Or even a weapon at all this is a god damned, what is this?" "I'm not sure, it doesn't seem like a weapon at all to me." "You know this other kid in my class, Tony? Fucking katana. His fedora wearing ass has a mother-fucking katana." "Okay, I'll send him right up." She put the phone down and looked to me. "Mr. Atsworth will see you upstairs, if you'd follow me." She walked out from behind the counter, and on her hip I could see a coiled whip with razors along its side. I liked trying to figure out how the weapons tied into the users personality. Maybe she was sharp, intelligent? Or has the elegance and grace for a whip? Everyone's weapon was delivered to them on their 18th birthday, and in one way or another was very uniquely designed for you. No two weapons were the same, even twins could end up with entirely different weapons. It was something everyone looked forward to- even those who had no interest in violence somehow got something that was perfect for them- something that helped you pick locks, or extremely potent and accurate long range pepper spray. But I had no idea what I was supposed to do with mine. I followed the receptionist into an elevator, where we rode up to the highest floor. "He's just outside here. Go straight in." The doors opened, and I got off by myself. I was in a small office, papers, sketches, and books lining the floors and walls. In the center, a man sat at his desk, busy with writing. He looked up at me. "I understand you have a question about your weapon." "More of a problem, really." He looked at me closely. "A question," he repeated. "No," I insisted, placing the cube on his desk. "A problem." He picked up the cube and traced his fingers alongside the peculiar golden engravings on the side. It was intensely black, a depth I had never seen before, and it small enough to fit snugly in your palm. "You don't want it?" He asked. I was taken aback. "I, want an explanation." "Well then it appears we have a defect. I'll get something else sent to you right away." I nodded, slowly, but felt a strange resistance. He got up towards a trashcan. "No, wait." For some reason, I couldn't stand the idea of losing it. He simply walked back and placed the cube in my hands with a smirk. "There are no defects here." From out of his pocket, he produced a pen. "This is my weapon." "Does it turn into a sword?" I asked. "No." "Shoot out darts? Gas?" "Nothing like that. It simply writes very well. I can write with this thing for hours, the ideas and focus never stops coming. And I never feel any strain. Not every weapon is a sword or a rocket launcher." I understood the point he was making, but I didn't think it matched. I wasn't destined to be a librarian or a healer. I couldn't tell why, but I always I belonged out there adventuring. How was this cube supposed to protect me? "I'm not a writer." "No, you're not. An interesting thought, maybe if you accept your weapon, it'll surprise you." I looked down at the little cube in my hands. "Okay, but what does that even mean?" "The weapon is a part of you. If you refuse to work with it, it wont work with you. In your case, this is especially important." I realized I was not going to get anything done. My best hope was this cube hurt like a bitch when it was lobbed at someones head. I put it in my pocket, and thanked him for his time. Inside the elevator, I felt the cube beginning to shake in my pocket. Taking it out, I saw it begin to unfold and levitate, circling around me, before showing its golden, glowing eyes. "What the fuck?" The cube was now looking at me quizzically. I looked back. Suddenly, its eyes went wide open and turned from gold to a bright blue displaying scrolling text as a bright light shone out of its face, widening and narrowing. "Woah that's, pretty cool, like a portable fla-" suddenly the cube shot out a beam, leaving a small hole in the elevator wall. "What the fuck?" The cube then turned towards the door as we slowed down, and carved open a large hole big enough for me to duck under. The elevator had now stopped, and was stuck between two floors. I crawled down into one, and looked from the look of surprise on everyones face back to the elevator. The blue scrolling text stopped, now reading in bright white before reverting back to it's golden, expressive eyes- CALIBRATION COMPLETE. The cube floated over to me and hovered above my shoulder, completely unaware of the damage it just caused. "Sorry about that everyone, I'll, we'll, uh where are the stairs?" 