
Battle Royale had gone too far. It was subtle at first; a book about kids slaughtering each other in a dystopian version of Japan. Then they made a movie. About the book. With Japanese teenagers murdering each other. And if their media has taught me anything, it's that's to be expected from Japanese teens. I was more surprised by the lack of giant pink hair and nosebleeds and all that other Japanese shit. Next a woman came up with the totally original concept of a dystopian government forcing children to murder each other, and called it The Hunger Games. Wrote some books with some average teen girl saving the whole fucking world because that's who we should have making drastic, socio-political decisions in our lives. Teenagers. But don't worry, she's got men fighting over the protagonist in a love triangle but she isn't vain or anything like that. She made some movies too. Then our games became Battle Royale. Sure, we enjoyed it. Drop onto an island out of a plane or a bus, and duke it out on a poorly rendered map that either gets too many updates or not enough. We loved it. But the developers were doing their best, trying to warn us of what was to come. We should have listened. Next it was everywhere. You want a job? Battle Royale. You want a family? Battle Royale. You want Coke instead of Pepsi? Battle Royale. Eventually there was nothing but Battle Royale, the air full of screaming prepubescent children screaming how many victories they'd claimed on the schoolyard. It never stopped. It only kept going. It starts small. One car per home; Battle Royale for who gets to go to work. Then one bed in a house. Battle Royale for who gets to sleep in comfort. It kept going and going, consuming every activity. I killed my wife fighting for dinner; it had become tradition for there to be only one option in each home, with the family members struggling for victory. In my defense she tried to use a sniper rifle when we lived in a one bedroom apartment. It took one pump from a shotgun to lay her the fuck out, but the spread was a little too wild and it hit the food too. So I just microwaved some leftovers. No real harm done. And still, it kept going. Without warning, the sky became replaced with a massive number, a little over eight billion. Millions of us found ourselves strapped into airplanes, flying over swaths of inhospitable terrain, apparently stuffed to the brim with firearms and ammunition. Never mind the massive logistics involved in coordinating, planning, supplying and staffing all the shit required to make this happen. Just Battle Royale, the entire world. Because why the fuck not. It had already claimed everything else by then. We all had to kill each other, assuming we knew how to handle weapons. More likely we'd end up having to use them as clubs after awhile. There would be only one measure of success; to be the only survivor. Because that's a reasonable expectation for everyone in the world, I mean why wouldn't we all kill each other. Have you met people? They fucking blow man. The elements will kill most of us, I'm sure of it. It's horrible. But in a good way. My main problem with it is I'll have to shit outside, and that's a little too primitive for me. When I feel like a savage, I go to a Waffle House. Anyway if anyone can find me, we should team up. Unless it comes down to just the two of us. And if you win, you'll be all alone, probably grievously wounded, close to starving, and will die soon afterwards anyway. Do you know how to treat infected wounds? I sure fucking don't. Because if I win, you bet your ass I'm going to savor that sweet, sweet chicken dinner. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- r/storiesfromapotato *Not even my WPs are safe from battle royale nowadays* 