
The voice echoes in my ears long after it rumbles like tumultuous thunder in the sky. The swarm of happy beasts surrounding me suddenly parts to allow a pack of three dogs to walk towards me. I do not remember their faces, but a sudden lurching feeling in my stomach tells me I have known them. Like some of the animals I recognize praying for before laying to rest, I know I must have buried these three as well. The leader of the pack is a Greyhound. Behind him is a coffee coloured Cocker Spaniel and a Siberian Husky with eyes as gray as death. "This is your fault," the Greyhound repeats. "We were never meant to be here!" "What do you mean?" I ask. "This heaven, is your construct. We beasts of nature have never known it. To us, Death is only peace after a life we accepted. You should have left us as we were." "I... I don't understand. This is heaven! Wouldn't you be happy here?" I ask, aghast. "No, because life came at a cost to us," says the Husky in a low growl. "Before sending the beasts to their lives, we were all given a tempting choice. We could choose one trait about ourselves to surrender, and live a short, happy life as mortals and never know the feeling of that trait again. But once we accepted this condition to give up a trait, we would obviously not be allowed in Heaven after we died. But if we somehow we did find ourselves back again, we would be given our trait back and live with it for the rest of our lives." "I... I don't understand..." "Cats... They chose to give up their sense of emotional attachment. In life, they know only fleeting love, but never one that binds them to a place or person," said the Greyhound. "You prayed for the turtle crushed under a wheel.. a being that wished away its agility so it wouldn't burn excess energy carrying its home around with it. When you wished the cats back, they found their sense of belonging, and sat in wait for you, having discovered a part of themselves they had almost forgotten. You wished back the turtle, who died an excruciating death as it tried to move away from the vehicle it saw from miles away. Rediscovering speed means a little more pain everyday, but a life full of vigour is a life lived to its fullest. You wished back the hen that gave up its ability to fly so that it could live closer to humankind. You even brought back the snake, who was elated to rediscover its hearing, which it gave up for not wanting to live in a life full of lies." "But isn't that wonderful? Finding a part of yourself to feel whole again?" I ask. "Not to us," said the Cocker Spaniel softly. "When the dogs deliberated, we found the perfect foil. We wanted to be the finest a man knew. We wanted to know what it was like to love selflessly. We wanted to give and receive unwavering faith, even if that came at a cost to ourselves. We wanted a life which ended with knowing we gave all of our hearts, holding nothing back. And we got it." "Which... which trait did you give up?" "Our pride," snarled the Greyhound. Thank you for reading! More at r/whiteshadowthebook 