
He was running through the same streets of London again. The same dark and narrow alleys, the same smoke that stained the sky. The same feeling of romance and possibility pressed him onwards, excitement enflaming him to run faster, to recreate the life he had loved the most - He was knocked over, narrowly avoiding the rattling wheels and hooves of a passing horse and carriage. The shrill neighing of the horse rang in his ears long after it had passed - somehow, more terrifying than the cars of the 21st century. "Oh, do excuse me," someone said politely. The neatly-dressed young man with whom he'd collided helped him up with a firm hand, blue eyes kind. He looked up, and gawked. He was staring at a handsome, if unusual face - features that were hard to forget. Especially if it had once been your own. A face that would become famous in this life, become the framework of the life he had kept trying to recreate without success for ten subsequent, broken cycles. "It's you. I mean, it's me," he blurted out, forgetting his own name in this life as he stared into those eyes. It *was* him. Him, the real him - Anthony Malore. Celebrated novelist and philosopher. Not Samuel Hammond, the name he'd chosen for this cycle - choosing, once again, the name he'd worn in the 21st century. When he'd tried and failed to write again, to share his ideas with the world. It was just not the century for it, he'd tried to console himself. The truth was, his real life was in the past. He was Anthony, he had always been Anthony. "Anthony?" he tried, and the man smiled uncertainly. "Do I know you, my friend? So sorry for knocking you down. I'm afraid I didn't see you," he said, his voice cultured and smooth. Soothing. "I - no, I don't..." he stammered, desperate to keep the man here, to try and explain, but there was a dreadful pulling sensation in his stomach. *The* sensation. ---------- He woke up with the sour sting of whiskey on his tongue, vivid images of his previous life burned into his mind. When he looked into the mirror, he recognised the face: he had been this man before. Scruffy, unkempt head of hair, haggard face. Not Samuel, what was the name again? Charlie, that's right. Another failed attempt at writing in the 21st century. "I'm fucking nuts," he whispered, and the eyes in the mirror agreed with him, seeming to fragment into the hundreds of men he had been before. Samuel. Anthony. Markus. Richard. And on, and on, and on... He stumbled away from the mirror - he had to talk to somebody, anybody, other than himself. He found Charlie's phone tucked into a crumbled pair of jeans, found the number for his agent - he had one in this life, didn't he? He found himself punching in a number from memory, although the name escaped him - but the man had been his best friend in this life, that much he knew. Maybe talking to someone would help, and if nothing else - the whole mess in his mind might lead to a novel. He always felt better after writing shit down, in all his lives. At least that much was constant. He paused for breath after stuttering through the story, the whole cosmic joke: that he had experienced hundreds of lives. That he was jumping from life to life, a warped kind of reincarnation. That he rarely spent more than a few years in one life before abruptly waking up as someone else. Someone he'd been before, sometimes. And last night, he had met someone he had been before, the real him, his favourite version of himself. He'd been yanked back to this life before he could figure it out. And what the fuck did that mean - "Charlie, you're hammered again, aren't you?" a voice sighed in his ear, a calm and soothing voice. Strangely familiar. "At 9 in the morning, Jesus." "I, no..." he groaned, cradling his head with one hand. "I mean, yes, maybe. I really don't know what's going on, man. Maybe I need to write it down, what do you think?" "It's not a bad story," the man said slowly. "Kind of incoherent, but with some polishing it could work. Is that what this is, Charlie, an elaborate pitch?" "I guess," he said miserably. "Yeah." "Well, it needs work. It's needs more *conflict*. Maybe the story would be better if there was someone else time-jumping with you, what about that? Two lives tied together, two friends - or enemies," the man said, excitement now colouring his voice. "What if the enemy had the ability to be reborn as the people you've been before, driven to outdo you, in a way? To become a better version of the people you have been? Or just trying to drive you mad, by meeting you in the past and future, in the skin of the people you have been before? And the more these two meet, the more fragmented time becomes - the more they get reborn, the less time they spend in one life. It could be a psychological thriller...." Charlie's head was pounding now, the voice that had seemed so soothing grating in his ear. Who did this guy think he was, anyway? It was his story. "Look, I'm sorry for calling you," he said abruptly, wanting nothing more than to end the call. "Truth be told, I can't even remember your name right now." There was charged silence, before the man chuckled gently in his ear. "It's Anthony, buddy. Your best friend Anthony Malore? Just go to bed, man. We'll take this up again tomorrow, when you're sane again." ----------- Hope you enjoyed my story! You can find more of my work on /r/Inkfinger/. 