
I slump down further into the leather of my couch. My mug of tea warms my hands as I look at the snow floating by the window. I love this feeling. When it's cold outside but you're all toasty in your house. I look back to the Attenborough documentary on the TV. *This is the life.* Some time passes and I'm out of tea. *Well this just won't do,* I think to myself. I pull myself out of the groove I've left in the couch and meander over to the kitchen. I glance out the window as I walk by, and notice that it has turned into a blizzard outside. I get that cosy feeling again. There's no better feeling on a Saturday night. I fill the kettle up, taking care to step over my cat Walter as he meows at my feet. "You're not getting any more food tonight," I say to him. "You still haven't finished whats in your bowl and you're fat enough." Naturally, his meowing persists, and I endure it as I place the kettle on the hob. But before I can turn on the gas, I hear a gentle tapping at my door. "Hello?" I say, but no answer returns. I take a few steps closer to the door. "Hello?" Still nothing. I peer out the window to the side and spot a young couple waiting patiently at the door. They're already looking at me and smiling. *Odd,* I thought, I didn't notice them turn to face the window. I decide my hands are tied. They've noticed me now, and my awkward British decorum dictates I must answer my door to them, lest I bask any longer in the awkwardness I have created. *There goes my cosy feeling,* I lament, as I open the door. I smile as I stand opposite them. They smile back. Their skin seems very pale, unusually so, even in this blizzard. I look from the man to the woman, not sure who to address. "Can I help you?" I say, fog drifting out my mouth into the cold air. The young girl smiles wider at me. Here pretty features are offset by her grimy, misshapen teeth. "Yes please, friend. Our phones have died and we need to make an important call. Could we use your housephone?" I do not like where this is going. Not because they are strangers in my house - well yes probably that, but mainly because I will have to keep up this charade of polite niceties. "Sure," I say, "Come in." I extend my arm into the living room. "Thanks," they both say, and I am struck by a peculiar feeling. They're both white as snow, but no fog escapes then when they speak. They take a seat on my couch as I offer them a tea. Another tradition I *must* learn to shake sooner or later. They look towards each other, apparently unsure if they wan't one. *It's not a bloody exam question*, I think, watching as they struggle over an answer. "Yes..." the man slowly replies, eyes still watching his partner. I don't dare ask how they take it. I put more water in the kettle and have to navigate the minefield of Walter all over again. He's meowing even more now, and I find it slightly embarrassing. I'm tempted to reassure them that I do feed him, but when I peep a glance at them they are staring up at me, a slight smile still across their faces. *Yeah... no more conversation than necessary,* I decide. I turn the gas on under the kettle, and turn back round to face them. Silence fills the room, and I struggle to know where to look, or what to do. *Bloody hell, is it not enough I traipse through most of my life awkwardly? Can I not find some solace in my own bloody home?* I stare over to the tv and notice the documentary has ended. *Perfect,* I think, the icing on the cake. Now it's just a news lady commenting on the countless shit things going on in the world. "So," I ask, suddenly eager for conversation again, "Are you from around here?" Walter continues to meow loudly at my feet. "No," the woman replies, "We're new to the area." She doesn't blink as she replies, and both sets of eyes remain glued on me throughout, their smiles the only other certainty in this unusual moment. I realise they haven't asked for the phone yet, and neither seem close to asking. My stomach drops a little, and I turn back to the kettle to compose myself. It begins to screech, quiet at first, but quickly rising. I keep my eyes glued on it, and I feel their stares on the back of my head. I start to feel lightheaded, my senses dim. Everything seems darker, and my vision becomes narrow. I feel I'm in a vacuum, where my house no longer exists. Just me and them in a shroud of darkness. The voice of the news lady breaks me from my spell. I hear her words. "Do not open your door tonight. We repeat, do not open your door. They resemble a young couple, but they are not. I repeat, they are *NOT.* My stomach drops, I feel sick. I stare at the steam rising from the kettle as it starts to scream. I picture them behind me, staring. Are they staring? The kettle screams louder. What else are they doing? I'm too scared to move. And then it hits me. Walter stopped meowing. *When?* I cannot tell. I peep down to my feet, unwilling to move an inch. He's no longer between my legs. My head begins to go faint again. The light begins to fade. The warnings continue to blur from the tv, but more muffled. The kettle screeching, the sound inescapable. "Turn around," they say. But I don't want to. "Turn around," they say. 