
King Amanda the third came up from a sweeping overture on her grand organ that piped through the whole castle. She felt entertainment for her people and personal time were both priorities, so she had been delighted to find that her organ music put and extra pep in the servants step. A gong broke the post-organ stillness, another challenger no doubt, though magic only knows why they keep coming, Fluffy just eats them. Still, it's unbecoming for a King to simply feed challengers to a beloved pet before parlay. She snapped her full coverage helmet, it was equipped with a voice modular designed after the fourth or fifth challenger refused to deal with a woman King. Sexist, she was aware, but she really preferred to give challengers a chance to get off her lawn as it were. Amanda strode through the castle at a sedate pace dispute the now frantically banging gong. Her old governess stopped her. "Your Majesty! I hope he kill this one right quick, all that banging is disrespectful. A King that allows disrespect..." the plump woman trailed off, expecting Amanda to finish. Amanda obliged, her voice deep and threatening. "Invites dethroning. I know Myrtle, I know! Fluffy is probably just waiting for her treat, you know how she gets." Myrtle huffed and buffed a scuff on the armor until it shone. Amanda scuttled off, she enjoyed how at ease her people were with her, but she really didn't need her whole suit polished right this second. Up dark grey stairs, to a room with obsidian floors and black marble walls. Amanda had always felt black on black was a safer design choice, since she lacked a good eye for color. The gong was banging frantically right outside the door, but one of her advisors was waiting on this side. "Yes?" "I'm so sorry to bother you, Your Majesty! The new school you funded is having some issues breaking ground and is requesting assistance from Fluffy." He proffered a scroll, the schools location had been chosen fairly well, but there was one of those random underground death rings. She signed immediately, Fluffy would really be the only way to safely get in into the pile with the others. She clasped the man's shoulder, the talons of her glove wrapping around her shoulder. "Anything else?" "Nothing, I just know Fluffy works better after a treat or two." He beamed up at her. Amanda nodded back and stomped out the door, obviously at this point quite annoyed, this braggart was postponing the building of a school! She faced a strapping lad in sterling armor with an equally shiny helmet under one arm. Amanda sighed inwardly, reflective battle gear is so impractical. She called out. "Sir Knight, May I have the please of your name?" Fluffy losed a fireball in excitement, she loved cringing armor between her teeth. "I am Sir Perceval....." he started listing titles, and Amanda let him for a moment. "I am King here! What brings you to my kingdom?" She'd cut him off, but the school was already running behind and needed to accept students in a month. "I am here to kill you and free your people!" The braggart was, of course, boasting. Knowing this song and dance, Amanda took off her stuffy confining helmet. He would be dead soon, so propriety could be dispensed with. "Free then from what exactly?" Her voice was annoyingly high pitched and melodic without her helmet. "Education? Advancement? Being something other than peasants? If you ask me everyone else is oppressed." "WITCHCRAFT!" The Knight yelled it as his battle cry as he charged, and was subsequently crunched in half. Fluffy gave a half muffled gurgling sound as she crunches the body and armor before swallowing it. Her huge scaly head butted against Amanda's chest. Amanda aggressively scratched at Fluffy's face ridges with her suit talons."I know Baby Girl, I know. One of these days everyone will catch up. Until then, we have a school to build. I bet the little ones will scratch your tummy." Fluffy perked, her huge head swinging high into the air as she prepares to launch. Amanda barely had time to strap her suit to the saddle before they were off to eradicate evil by way of a good education and solid social outreach. 