
William grabbed a recliner out of thin air, sat down, made some snacks of his own, and began to watch it as though his life were on a projector screen. He witnessed his birth and early months where his mother got into a car accident, leaving his father to raise him by himself for a couple of years since the grandparents died before William was even an atom. Saw how his childhood was shaped by his step-mother who dotted on William and his father, making plenty of memories there. Dear dad teaching him to not let the bullies get to him, to prove William was better than them. The teenage years are where he met his first and second romances; both not lasting very long before he graduated high school with slightly-above average marks. From there saw how apprenticeship went as a carpenter, learning tricks of the trade before meeting his destined lover before he was finished trade school. Married in their late 20s and having a boy of their own before William's dad passed away from cancer a few months later. Soon after we're twin girls at the age of 30, raising them being easier thanks to step-mom, now a grandma who spoils the 3 children rotten. 52 is when his step-mother passed away herself peacefully with William, his wife, and 3 kids at her side. Retirement at 74 when he figured he had enough of building for other people, wanting to create wood art in his senior years. Celebrating his 50th golden anniversary with his beloved, their 3 kids, and 8 grandkids of their own was one of William's favourite days; just wished his dad and step-mom had a chance to see. It wouldn't be until at 103 years of age that William figures he lived long enough, and with a long deep breath, he took his final sleep with his wife at his side, knowing she wouldn't be too far from following him next. William watched the same thing a couple more times, knowing he could change the outcome of things, but never doing so. Would he have wanted to meet his biological mom? Absolutely he figured, but then William would never get to meet his step-mom, and who knows what else would change from there. The way he looked at it all, it was all meant to happen to come to this conclusion. Through a wrinkled smile and a glimmer in his jade-like eyes, William softly spoke "I think that'll be it for now. Maybe watch it again later if I get the chance." "You're not going to do anything to change?" Death asked from behind the recliner with scales in hand. Perplexed at the old man, Death's red orbs for eyes followed the turn of William's head to face the reaper. "No, I don't think I will." Grinning at the shadow covered skeleton with eyes closed, proud of what he had accomplished in it. Death's hollow voice rang softly through the air around them "Most choose to edit a thing or 10. Some change entire outcomes to their ends from certain points. Few ever leave it unchanged save for some hair-dye there or a change of scenery here. Fewer still leave it as is, such as you. Why?" William turned back around to the projector screen, with some tears starting to run down his eyes. "I suppose that this is as good as it would ever get. I had a pretty good run. I don't think changing anything about that life would make it any better or worse. It was mine and I'm proud of it." Death nodded then stepped beside William, before turning to show the old man a glowing passage with mist coming through it. "The scales have judged you William. They find you kind and worthy of heaven, you may now step forward when you are ready." The voice echoing through the infinite void surround them. "Yeah, I suppose it's time. But would you mind if I give it another watch before leaving?" "You can watch it again in the clouds above, why here?" The skeletal figure tilted their head curiously. "True, but I figure you wouldn't mind joining me and having some snacks if you want to." Another reclining chair popped into existence besides William. Patting the seat welcoming the deathly figure to join. "I suppose, no harm after all." And so two ancient beings, one countless more eons older than the other, watched a man's life together with their feet kicked up and backs relaxed on their chairs. When they were done, both bid each other good-bye, before the younger of the two vanished into the white fog of heaven. 