
*They had found me again.* I watched the monitor, the blue light - the only light in the room - burned into my eyes. It was ok, I didn't need to sleep. I barely slept nowadays. I spent all my time planning and plotting for the next life. Putting my schemes in place to ensure that my future self would have the best start. Money amassed over dozens of lifetimes, messages left for prominent contacts to look out for my 'estranged son'. I would keep my knowledge, but physical things were far harder to pass on. It had been a blessing at first - the first time I died. I had taken ill with the plague at just 18 years old. That was no life. I had learnt almost nothing, seen almost nothing and when I died, no one even noticed. Since then I have grown as a person. Living over twenty lives would do that to you. When I had first realised my power, it had been about survival, but the life expectancy in those middle ages was short, and often my experiences, my travels and my learning would be cut short. But as the years passed and I spent time as a farmer one life, an innkeeper the next, things started to get better. People would live longer and I could focus on things other than famines, plagues and whether or not my village would be ransacked by the next group of raiders who took their fancy. I began to learn. Technologies were developed. The industrial revolution, for example, was one of the best lives I ever lived. Walking along those cobbled London streets, cane in hand, the knowledge of the worlds best scientists at my fingertips. I was a mogul, and it was only up from there. The world wars were rough, I fought and died in both. The horrors that I witnessed, men thrown into combat just to be churned up by the ever spinning gears of war, entire generations of families decimated, homes destroyed. You could rebuild a house, but you could not rebuild the sentiment that it held. The uncaring men in power led me to my epiphany. The ones who stood at the top, the ones who gave the orders, dropped the bombs but never saw the destruction or acknowledged the devastation - they had to go. Thus, began my current endeavour. Armed with the knowledge of hundreds of years, I had witnessed empires fall and great leaders crumble. I had seen the impact of almost every major revolution, the hallmarks of generations everlasting in my mind. Only a man like me, one who had seen so much, was fit to rule. I began by using my knowledge to invent, to trade and to manipulate those around me to amass a wealth of not only currency, but information and power. This meant, however, that each time I died, of natural causes or otherwise - plans had to be put into place for my heir-body to take over. *And this caught the eye of some very dangerous people.* People who knew that something was amiss, someone - me - had been fouling with the laws of the universe. Someone whose knowledge would not die. And so I stared into the blue light, the feed showing me several black clad men scaling the walls I had built around my compound. Ruthlessly eliminating the men I trusted to guard my life. The moved quickly and efficiently - professional killers. Those that wanted me dead were not messing around this time. The black-clad killers continued to stalk my grounds until they were satisfied all threats were neutralised, and I could only watch as they vanished from the view of my cameras. Hopefully, in the next life, the precautions I put in place would be far more subtle. I could not afford to squander the lives I led now, it was too difficult to put the pieces back together afterwards. I heard footsteps. Boots on carpet outside my door. Commands were issued, safeties were checked and a dozen men breached the room I was in. I never saw the face of the one who killed me, black goggles shrouded him. He paced across the room, placed a gun to my head... *...and splattered my brains all over the crib I lay in.* ___ I know I may not have interpreted the prompt exactly as intended - his life didn't restart at the same point - but nevertheless I hope you enjoyed reading it, feedback appreciated :) 