
"No!" Came the muffle voice of James from within. The agent sighed, rubbing his temples. The other two men with him were caught between stifling chuckles and trying to look professional. Several months had passed since the fabled Apocalypse had been ended. For most people, it was pretty lackluster. Most people only saw the tail end of it and only one town was affected on a large scale. But that didn't stop the preppers. "I have enough dry and canned food in here to last me a decade! I have several water reclaimers as well! Do you know how hard it was to find schematics for these? It was a bitch and a half." "James, the zombies are gone. The CDC had several working plans for this. The undead were corralled and by the end of the month they were gone." Silence answered the agent. He didn't know what he expected. People built all kinds of bunkers and cellars. No one could really stop them, so long as they got the proper permits and paperwork done to do such extensive construction. James wasn't an exception to the norm. He was being an exceptional denier about the end of the so called apocalypse. "Do you know how much money I put into this bunker, Mr. I'm-with-the-government?" "At a guess, enough money to probably pay off your house or even fully buy it?" "Now it's all for nothing! I hear the news talk about zombies and here I thought that it would have been cool. Stash some stuff in here, wait a year, come back out and go on a zombie slaying crusade. But no! I get the place all sealed up and everything and turns out, you government big wigs end the damn thing in just over a week!" The agent wanted to speak but found himself cut off once again by the voice of James from within. "I wasted years designing this place, God and my taxes only knows how much money and all the weird looks from the cashiers at the grocery store! You best believe it when I say I'm getting my money's worth out of this thing!" The agent sighed, really wishing he brought some head ache relief. The other two that were with him wouldn't be much help either. He shifted his weight to one leg as an idea popped into his head. "What if I told you about the survivor benefits?" There was silence but only for a moment before there was the very audible sound of locks and bolts being turned from within. A small window in the reinforced door popped open. "The what?" "The survivor benefits. Washington and the CDC are curious about the sort of preparation ordinary citizens undertook. They'd want to see your bunker to see if it could be made on a larger scale." "What, like a vault?" "Without the horrendous atrocities yes." The agent replied, having played a similar game enough to catch the sly reference. The window popped closed again and there were more audible noises of locks and bolts being undone before the heavy door swung outward. James blinked several times as his eyes took in natural light for the first time in months. Being cooped up did little to keep his complexion. James stood before the three agents, dressed in Nintendo pajama pants, his skin more like paper in color than his natural skin color. His hair was a dark halo around him, sticking up at odd angles while an untrimmed, patchy beard covered his face. "So if I was to come fully out, there would be benefits?" "Of course. Just give them some time to look over how you prepped, they'll ask you a couple questions and you'll get reimbursed for your time and efforts." The pale man pondered it for a second before nodding slowly. "Alright...just let me go turn a few things off and...shower." The agent had to nod in agreement. (Edit): Thank you all for the comments as well as pointing out the typo that I had, didn't even realize it. Wish I had Gold and Silver to pass around but alas, I do not. (Edit 2): Thank you all for the tremendous amount of upvotes as well! 