
"Hey Hermes, 'sup?" Zeus asked, as a skinny boy slid to a halt in the hallway. Hermes rested a hand against a locker and sucked in deep breaths. "You okay?" Zeus stroked his stubble and studied the part time paper-boy. He was half keeled over, panting from the run, but his cheeks were swollen as if with words. "No... No time to chat. Just wanted to let you know, Dionysus is... is going to be holding the mother of all parties. Tonight at seven. His place on Olympus Hill -- I've just come from there." His eyes flicked around, and his voice became conspiratorial. "There's going to be lots of booze. Might even be"--his voice fell quieter still--"*ambrosia*." "Nice!" Zeus clicked his fingers; they flashed and let out a tiny *boom*. It had been weeks since Dionysus had thrown a soiree, and every other party Zeus had been to since, had been tame in comparison. These were the stuff of legends. "Tell him I'll be there. After all, it wouldn't be a party without the *Z* man. Boom!" He paused and ran a hand through his precious golden hair. "Mm, don't suppose... Demeter, is she going to be there?" A groan. "She is. But please don't tell me you're into her now? Gods, man. Leave some for the rest of us." "Hate the game not the player, Hermes. Maybe if you stopped running and hit the weights." Zeus shrugged. The messenger's eyes suddenly widened. "Zeus! I just remembered!" He snatched at the sky God's shirt, clutching it tight. "Zeus!" Zeus brushed Hermes' hands off. "Easy there, buddy. This is Arcadian silk. What's got you so agitated?" "Zeus! Hera's going to be there too!" *Hera*. Great. Just great. She'd snuff out the flames of a fling before he'd even lit the candle. Ah, maybe he could go in disguise. What animal would Demeter kinda be into? "Well, that puts a downer on things... *Unless...* Have you invited Apollo yet?" "No. He's not on the list. You know him and Dionysus fell out, when he stole Dio's muse." "Hm. Well I've got another muse he can steal," Zeus said, the beginnings of a plan nebulating in his head. "The guy's as hot as the sun -- and he writes poetry. Invite him. He's just down the corridor in Chronos's Time Management 101. They'll be out soon." "But... Dionysus will be super pissed." "Leave Dionysus to me." His eyes flicked down to the tiny sundial bound by string around his wrist. "Shit, I'm going to be late for art." Hermes' eyebrows lifted. "You took Prometheus's class? I heard it's drier than the deserts in Lemnos." "Right." "Why are you grinning like a jester, then?" "Well, it just so happens that Professor Prometheus is out sick at the moment..." He lowered his voice. "*Liver failure.*" "... I don't see what him being sick--" "And Asclepius is teaching the class instead." He paused and raised a single eyebrow. "...That's not all she's taking, if you know what I mean." "Zeus, you dog." Hermes shook his head but his eyes were unmoving, focused just above Zeus's own. "Uh. Why are staring at me, bro?" "Nothing it's just..." "What?" "Is that a grey hair?" 