
My ancestors were granted peace. This is the lesson taught aboard our Generational Tanker Class IV. There was a time when humanity's highest leaders were rulers of mere countries. Then, the Xulians descended from seven folds of spacetime in ships of crystal and glass. They beckoned with spidery limbs, saying simply: "Your time has come." As a kid, I found that so funny. Not that they presumed we would know what they meant--they made the threat of the Magellanic invasion quite clear afterwards--no, I found it funny that humans would have needed help to begin with. As a member of the third generation, my teachers detailed the terraforming efforts of our initial solar system. How we organized a universal system of government. They paced across the schoolroom and explained the advantage of our reproductive rates as it pertains to the Almighty War. I was a good student--I paid attention closely. But during each Xulian history lesson, I couldn't help but scoff. "We are aboard a FTL vessel thanks to the Xulians, young man," my instructor had reprimanded once. "Yes ma'am," I'd said, feigning embarrassment. Always, I was thinking: *But how is it we never figured it out on our own?* Outside the window in my captain's quarters, our Xulian escorts zoom through space dust. They check in every night to reaffirm our mission. Beyond them, the stars bleed into darkness. I pretend they are my grandfather's eyes, winking. He had wrinkled hands that smelled like almond butter. I'd smell them whenever he'd pat my cheek, saying something so similar to the Xulians, all those years ago: "Your time will come." He was referring to the timer displayed in the mess hall. It's the estimated time before arriving in the Magellanic galaxy. The estimated time before we deliver our payload. I look at it every morning with my ration of coffee. The crewhands amble by to load up on eggs and bacon before their drills. They chatter nervously. Some hardly pick at their food. We are all a bit antsy. The timer's nearly at zero. With each second it ticks closer, I think back on what I have truly learned. When the Xulians arrived, our Generational Tankers were constructed. Countries volunteered vast swaths of desert as launch sites. We settled our solar system. And then beyond. A universal electorate was established. Internal wars ceased to exist. They're now classified as ancient history. All because humanity had been presented with a higher enemy--a universal threat--and it had established common moral ground. In the end, peace was only attainable through war. When our mess hall timer hits zero, and we arrive in the Magellanic galaxy, we'll deliver our payload. The Magellanic galaxy will burn, and the Xulians will dance on their enemy's graves. But, they have been so focused on defense that, even when victory is at hand, they have not even bothered to ask: what *next*? I am loyal to my own race. A race that was held back and caged, as if mere dogs. It is only natural that in the past we snarled at one another. But now, without a squirrel to chase, what will we be left to do? The Xulians will celebrate, but instead I will give the orders to turn-about. Our second payload will be prepped and ready to fire. My deckhands have been practicing the maneuver for years on end. For a moment, I imagine the Xulian escorts will attempt to broach comms. "What are you doing?" they might ask. "The enemy is vanquished." I'll tell them all I have learned. "Peace is only attainable through war." And a new war will be born. ___________ r/M0Zark 