
*"The thought was naive. So naive that we didn't imagine it would work. Imagine our surprise when it did..."* I down the little plastic shot cup of Daniels in my hand and toss it into the Recycler as I walk out of the bar. The little intern employed to shadow me follows on my footsteps, stumbling with her books. I chuckle to myself and wait for her to regain her footing before continuing out of the bar. We make our way across the new London Bridge, named after the old one which had been decimated by the War that emcompassed the world. It had been 50 years since "Maelstrom" but the scars on my back ached as if I had only gotten the injuries yesterday. *"50 years. 50 years for each country to rebuild itself and re-discover who we were as a people. At least, so went the official story. We just wanted the end to it all. The hate, the bigotry, everything. America was, and for reconcillation sake I hope they have re-discovered this, a bastion of freedom and democracy and equal justice for every man. But somewhere down the line, that ideology had been warped for evil. For hate."* I stop and look over the edge of the bridge, straining to see if I can see my reflection on the surface of the dark blue river. The sunset behind me casts the long shadow of the bridge on the surface and all I see is just a flowing darkness. The bridge itself, while structurally sound, could still not match the class nor fame of its predecessor. Britain had mourned its people, its infrastructure... but the pain of losing the bridge and the palace never waned. It just waxed stronger. I glance at the intern who had chosen to also look into the waters. She is one of the younglings born years after the war. Early enough to see the rebuilding begin anew. Her historical knowledge was young, bolstered only by the books she now carried. Before I can look away, I see her lips move and I hear the question come through... *"I have heard about how the Thames used to be murky looking. But this is all I've ever seen. How could the world change so much in 50 years? I have seen the old maps. I have heard what happened to...to... Haiti? How could it be so different to 50 years ago?"* *"When you lose half the population, geographical ego stops being a factor. After Italy, Canada, Nigeria, Mexico and Germany... I don't even know if you've seen a map of those countries. After the fake treaty of 'locking' our borders and 'retreating' from the world, the rest of the countries came together to heal. We owed it to our people, our countries and to the revolutionaries who had come before us to warn about the dangers of hate and war."* *"Couldn't America be part of it?"* *"They could be. They could have been. But a myriad of factors had dictated that it wouldn't be in our best interest to include them. They had forsaken the very ideas they had been founded on. They had become brash and proud and bitter. They had fashioned themselves the leaders of the world. Quick to act but slow to consider all options. They could have been part of us, but when their first words out of the war demanded reparations for an event they started... it was then we knew what needed to be done."* *"...The 50 year agreement ends in 12 hours, sir... What happens when they re-connect with the world and see all that has been accomplished since then? What if they deem us evil for secluding them?"* *"And then we will tell them why. They would have no choice but to accept it."*, I say stretching and indicating we keep walking down the bridge. *"What if they don't accept it?"* She asks, tentatively. *"Then we do what they attempted to do 50 years ago and almost succeeded doing..."* *"...which is?"* I look at her as I feel the bitterness rise inside me. *"We'll wipe them off the map."* ----- It's been a while since I wrote so please critique away. i need to flex my writing muscle :) /r/EvenAsIWrite for more of this stuff 