
On July 3rd, 2111, I killed my best friend. I was ready for it to be over. Staring into the darkness looming in front of me I was ready to repent. Repent for killing my best friend. And if at all possible, join him wherever death happens to spit us out. Today, it happened that death had other plans for me. There was no feeling of stretching, no intense pain. Just incredible acceleration then nothing. Nothing until there was something. I awoke to the wonderful sounds of nothingness that only space travel could provide. Accented by the iconic red floodlights casting the image of danger into every corner of the room my small space vessel was like a classic space horror movie. Except outside the window wasn't space, it was water. And my tiny vessel was sinking, well it wouldn't be a stretch to say that it had already sank. So far below the surface of the water even simply making an attempt at swimming to the surface would be suicide. It was cruel. I had planned on dying. I had accepted it. And now, given some sort of impossible second chance, my body was thrown right back into fight or flight. Just to die again. I heard the telltale high pitched crack of glass and I knew it was over. I was dead. "The same suit, different numbering. This time with a pulse." I heard a tired voice say from above me, rousing me from my comatose. Another voice responded, this one feminine. "I guess we will just have to wait until he wakes up." Finally my seemingly rusted shut eyes were able to crack their way open, capturing the attention of the two attendants above me. It all rushed back to me, first the black hole. Guaranteed death, at least I thought. Then the water, the rushing, coughing, drowning. Dying. Yet the world I opened my eyes to was anything but heaven or hell. It was the medical center of the 54th regiment, poised on the edge of the Mediterranean sea it was a ceiling that I had woken up staring at countless times throughout my service in Europe. It was the ceiling I had woken up staring at the night I was taken into custody. Both of my attendants looked to each other, as if to question whether or not to start their barrage of questions immediately or as to grant me some respite in the form of time. Before either of them could formulate a response, "Where am I, how did I get here, and what is the date?" I asked, feeling like I stole the line directly out of some B-list scifi movie despite my croaking just drowned and was sucked into a black hole voice. The female attendant standing over me was the first to bench out a response "We retrieved your body from the bottom of the Mediterranean. Out of an extremely modern sort of ship. Honestly it's a miracle you are alive. You have been comatose for nearly a week. As for where we are. The 54th regiment's medical wing. And for when. Its June 23rd. 2109." I didn't fully understand what had happened. Well, I didn't understand whatsoever. But the weight of the world was lifted off my shoulders. My best friend was still alive. For now. Constructive criticism is always helpful! Read more stories at r/JackalopeWrites 