
Screams filled Supreme Commander Zoltork's mind as he tapped into the Fourth Landing Team's comm net. From his vantage point on the bridge of the Pharex, he was able to monitor the data coming in from his soldiers on the ground. With a flick of one of his 6 arms, he activated a hologram. Something wasn't right. The Fourth's mission was to secure an agricultural zone on this backwoods planet. A routine operation which should have taken no more than 6 rotations of this insignificant rock. There were far less blue triangles moving about the hologram than he had expected. A series of red squares blinked in and out from various locations. He closed his eye stalks to better focus on the psychic feed from his warriors. *Pain. So...much pain. "DAR'OG!! THEY'RE IN THE TRE..."* *"Eighth squad, move to sector 3 and stop that thing!"* *"ARRRGur...*weeze*"* *Phase beams are starting to fall silent.* *Frantic breathing.* *The sound of combustion engines can be heard roaring in the distance.* *The retort of primitive weapons is growing louder.* Zoltork's mandibles slammed shut as he spun to another control console. His advisors twitched nervously behind him. Bringing forth video feeds from his squad leaders was a simple task. He only needed to think of what he wanted to see and his psychic link with the ship would provide him the data he required. The vision of his last squad leader filled his mind. The perspective was odd. Baeroth must not be on his feet... *Black smoke billowed from three ancient machines. They rolled forward steadily on large, black wheels. The cockpits lacked any sort of shield for the operator. A male of the human species sat gripping what appeared to be a large steering device between his hands. His lips bulged, as if packed with some sort of stimulant. The creature had facial hair that went half way down his torso.* *Behind the cockpit, there was another male. Younger than the pilot, he had a cloth wrapped around his face. Images were painted upon it...a macabre depiction of the species' face, as if the flesh had been cleaned from it. The primitive weapon in his hands was supported by a metallic mount. Smoke spewed from the ejection port. Black powder, solid projectile weapons...* *Mounted on the rear of the machine, sat two large pieces of cloth, blowing in the wind. Strange emblems were painted on its face. Stars set in a blue field. Red and white stripes tattered and ragged. This image filled Baeroth's vision before fading to black.* Impossible. This species has not known conflict in over 300 cycles! Zoltork quickly cycled through the reports of the other landing teams. All units were receiving heavy resistance. Zoltork spun to consult with his war advisors. Preparations for the second wave must be made... 