
I tapped my pencil on my desk, absentmindedly. The grimoire was pretty specific about everything else. Solar eclipse, three stones of jet, time of year, incantation... it even included a pronunciation guide. Which, you know, was great because my Greek absolutely sucked. Black robes, check. Knife of cold iron with a black handle consecrated by the caster's blood, check-check-check. Sacrifice of 100 lives before the altar. Well... the book was weirdly vague about this part. Chickens or goats were usually traditional, but summoning one of the Lords of the Below was usually an instance where something more... complex and rare was required. Or was it? I thought again. This was the only thing it didn't specify. Hmmm... Three weeks passed, and it was nearly time. It was the darkest week of winter, I checked NASA's website obsessively for the peak moment of totality. I was standing in the backyard in my black robes and solar eclipse glasses in front of my dad's firepit, the grimoire laid across the picnic table. The clear winter sky bit my cheeks with vicious frostbite. God, I must have looked like a total idiot. I kinda had to improvise a little bit, but I got as much of the setting right as I could. I ended up cobbing the black salt pentacle by putting my old charcoal pencils in a blender with some dirt from my gerbil's grave and a half a can of table salt. The black candles were leftovers from a Halloween clearance sale, and the other decor was similarly somewhat improvised. But hey. If I was going to get my crazy, bitchy stepmom out of the house for good, I had to be a little discreet with my stuff. She was at the church Ladies' Committee until 7 o'clock tonight, and dad was working a double. Part of me wondered if it was to get away from her. I eyed the petri dish in my left hand. I sneaked it out of my biology class earlier that day. Originally, I'd been planning on using feeder goldfish or crickets from the petstore, but that would have involved asking my stepmom for money and a ride. Which would have required an explanation. This was the best I could do. I clicked on my bluetooth speaker and let the ominous sounding drums clear my head. Usually, whenever I did ritual, things were more improvised and less elaborate. Especially given the prying eyes of my stepmom. But this was important. With the practice of dozens of meditations, I cleared my mind and recited the chant. I walked the circle, I measured my steps, I bit my lip as I pricked my finger with the blade of my knife. I lit the candles, I lit the fire, the incense, and tossed the herbs into the flame. I raised my hands, finishing the incantation as I slashed my knife across the petri dish, dumping it into the fire. I buried my knife hilt-deep into the frozen ground and called the demon's name. The moon covered the sun. It didn't go dark like I thought it would. I looked up. The sky was noticeably dimmer. My ears rang, my head buzzed. The shadows of the bare branches of our tree shed crescent-shaped umbral specters on our fence. Totality. A huge gust of wind swirled around me, a dust devil whipping the air that sputtered out the candles and scattered snow and black salt in the air like a 3-second blizzard. And just as suddenly as it began, it stopped. My music had stopped. The pulse in my ears was the only drum I heard. I held my breath, my half-frozen hand clenched around the hilt of my knife, the blade buried deep in the cold hard dirt and snow. The campfire flickered in front of me. And then, suddenly, it too extinguished. Dammit. I screwed up. Just as I stood up, I heard a soft voice behind me. Cool as vodka, smooth as granite. "Well, points for creativity. Usually, people use mice." I whirled around. No one was there. "So." The voice continued. "You want your stepmother to leave your father. I think that can be arranged. But you have to do something for me first." Part two further in the comments. 