
You give a nervous chuckle. "Yep, I'm here again..." Satan glared at you. "How did you die this time!? All the demons have been in check!" God nods in agreement. "All the angels have been as perfect as ever. Maybe you died from natural cause?" "Heh, well it was another demon," you mutter. Satan quickly spoke up and said "God gave you a cross to avoid this! That's impossible!" "Well...maybe they took it off with an angel's help?" You suggested, avoiding all eye contact with the two. "C'mooon!" The demon's voice from the other night boomed in your head. "It's just one drink! What's the worst that'll happen?" "I guess..." your voice responded with. One drink turned into two which turned into three, and three drinks eventually turned into ten. If the car crash you got into didn't kill you, the alcohol poisoning probably would have. God sighed. "Now, now, let's not point fingers. Let's figure out what to do. Maybe it really is your time this time." Your eyes widened. "No! I can't die! I'm so close to finding a way to close the opening to Hell!" "That's what you said last time!" Satan bellowed. "Yet, demons are still escaping to the human world!" "I know, I know, I- I just need a bit more time, please...!" Your voice shook. God sighed again. "I think we should allow one more chance." Satan groaned. "I'm getting sick of this..." "Are you sure that'll work?" You heard yourself asking the night before. "Of course," the demon assured you, "just follow my lead." "Alright," God said after a moment of silence, "we will allow you one more chance." "And you need to get this done!" The devil demanded. "Yes, of course!" You say. "Thank you so much!" You gasp, bolting upright. You looked around at your surroundings. You were laid next to a burning car, the body of the demon from the night before laying next to you. There wasn't a scratch on him, just as expected. "Well?" You ask. "Got what you need?" "All of it," the demon's voice came out of your mouth. "As long as he thinks the demons are in check, we will be good. So, they expect you to close the opening to Hell?" "Yes," you respond with your own voice. "Your body is untouched, too." "Perfect. Once I get back into my body, you and I can start our outbreak." You chuckle. "It's gonna be one HELL of a time." "Oh, shut up..." 