
The bartender, a twenty something woman with black hair and blue lipstick, just shook her head at the bearded man and returned to the glasses she'd been cleaning. "I've been here since 1999," the man repeated, raising a finger, "and after twenty years you know what I've learned about you people?" My friend and I exchanged a confused look. We sat at a water ring stained table at McNamara's, the dirty irish-style pub on the north east side of town. From the look of things this strange, homeless looking man had overheard our conversation about the second coming of christ. I had said Jesus wouldn't save a world like this. "You don't believe me," he said, throwing his heavily tattooed arms into the air, "I know, I know, I'm just a crazy hobo who's gone off his meds. Just a schizo who thinks he's Jesus, that it? That old chestnut.You probably think I stand at street corners and shout gospel at traffic, don't you? "Uh..." I smiled awkwardly. When I looked at Michael to say something, he had his mug to his mouth, conveniently taking a long sip of beer. "No?" The man stepped up to our table, pulled out one of the empty chairs and flipped it around. To our collective horror he proceeded to seat himself in it. The stench was overpowering, like a half eaten hot pocket left in the trash can for a week. "Dad sent me here twenty years ago," he continued, helping himself to a handful of our bacon cheese fries, "said I needed to be here for the *big two k."* He threw up air quotes at those last three words, and he seemed to spit them out with disdain, along with a several globs of cheese. I noticed the bartender watching us without watching us, almost as if she was deciding whether or not to intervene. Clearly this happened a lot. "So I walk the streets, right?" our new friend continued, "and naturally I expect to get mobbed by the faithful. I mean, I'm Jesus, for christ sake, you'd think I could at least get treated like a Kardashian." He picked up Michael's beer with a hand with "3:16" tattooed on the back. Before Michael could protest the man brought the mug into his bearded, cheese streaked maw and downed half of it. "Oh that hits the spot," he said, setting the mug down near himself rather than back on Michael's coaster. "Anywho, you know what the bastards did? Back in 1999? They hospitalized me. Put me in a god damned loony bin." Grabbing another handful of fries, he made the sign of the cross, flinging chunks of greasy bacon across the table. I noticed the back of that hand read "John." "Been in and out of those places ever since," he went on. "Hasn't been all bad, there's some mighty interesting people in the nut house. Met a couple folks who actually figured some things out. Existentially, I mean." "Tommy," the bartender called from across the room, "I need you to leave those men alone, okay?" Raising his hands in surrender, the man began to rise from his seat. Before he managed to get vertical though, he consumed the rest of Michael's beer and another handful of fries. "Okay okay," he said, his mouth full of half chewed potato, "I'm leaving 'em alone, okay?" He looked down at us conspiratorially. "Tommy's my code name, see? Anyway, like I was saying, you know what I learned about you people after twenty years down here?" Michael and I both shook our heads, both of us obviously eager for him to move on. I had acclimated to the smell, but my nostrils needed a rest. Also, I was worried he might come for my beer now that Michael's was gone. "You don't believe reality unless its pretty," he said. "You believe all kinds of stupid nonsense for no reason other than it makes you feel good, looks all nice with strings and bows. If something's got warts on it you don't want any part of it. And at least for now..." He turned to go, but looked back over his shoulder. "I can't save a world like that." A few heads turned as he made his way to the door, then pushed it open to a flood of afternoon sunlight. For a moment Michael and I just sat in silence, each trying to process what just happened. I looked down at the table and felt my mouth drop open. "Michael.." I said, but I couldn't finish the sentence. When he looked down his eyes went wide. His mug was full of fresh beer. &#x200B; ****** r/EnemyOfAnEnemy 