
I'm lying in a bed on a tuesday night. And I'm having restless dreams. And then I awake from a story where I'm rescuing a princess from a wheel of cheese. Because there's a chainsaw on my nightstand. A groggy hand reaches over and slaps it reluctantly. Is it morning...a alarm? Some long lost love looking for luscious life-experiences? But no... a text message. Is it my wife? Will she be late tonight? "DO NOT LOOK AT THE MOON" So I make a curious eye sweep of the room. I pause at my window, where the forbidden object lies, and return my gaze in the opposite direction. Nothing. So, eyes squeezed shut, I walk over to the window. Just in case. I have a moment of panic when I trip on a errant pair of pants, but I right myself quickly. Then, in a fleeting, fluttering, futile gesture, I bravely bring down the blinds. With that dangerous task complete, I sprint back to my bed, as if its covers will protect me from whatever has infested the sky. Perhaps it's just a joke, or the product of a overtaxed imagination. But somehow I know to be afraid. Buzz. Another a text? More instructions? Is there something else I'm not supposed to look at? It's from a old coworker. A good friend. "It's a beautiful night tonight. Look outside." I peek out from beneath my blanket bastion. A windows shuttered and silent. A door, barely open, with a crooked mouth along its length, mocking me. Should I close it? No. Too dangerous. So I close my eyes and whisper. "Just a dream. Just a dream. Just a dream." Buzz. Another text message. Perhaps I shouldn't... "It's a beautiful night tonight. Look outside." from my best man. Then a bing. A different app, I have so many. "It's a beautiful night tonight. Look outside." And then my phone begins to shake and chatter, with bings and chimes and whistles. Each one is like a stab in my stomach. What's happening? What's happening? Then bit by bit, the phone sounds die out. Then a new sound. A ringing. A bold, unique choice for a ringtone in this day and age, but I've always been a trend setter. It's my wife. Is she safe? Does she know what's happening? And before I can catch myself, I hit the answer button. (Part 1? Sorry for a cliffhanger, it was getting long) (r/StannisTheAmish) 