
"Commander, we've found another one." I barely looked up from the novel I was reading at my desk. "And you're telling me this...why?" The fact was, novelty of finding alien life, wore down after finding multiple instances of it everyday - and the same stuff. The Research fleet was supposed to be humanity's greatest achievement, and being its commander, the highest honor. Yet here I was reading Hitchhikers's Guide for the 10th time in my cabin. "This one is, well, different, Commander Metz," the ensign said. Something in his voice made me put my novel away and look at him. The poor guy seemed flustered, breathing hard, his uniform all wrinkled. "Let's see it, then," I said, all traces of boredom gone from my voice - this was something serious. The ensign nodded and pressed a button on the side of the cabin. A large screen separated from the ceiling and came into view. "Commander, we found another Earth, today, but this one was completely empty, save-" I frowned, "Empty, as in, they had gone extinct?" We had encountered many planets - too many, in which humans had been wiped off, nothing but ruined shells of cities and rotted corpses remained - a warning to us all. The ensign shook his head, "No commander, as in *empty,* there are no lifeforms at all." "That...shouldn't be possible," I said, "It is impossible for life to just not arise on a planet such as Earth..." My eyes widened when I realized what this meant "...unless it was not allowed to deliberately." I sat back in my seat and absorbed the implications of all of this. There were two main theories so far about humans being found again and again on planets with Earth-like conditions. The widely accepted one was that humans were the perfect lifeforms, and so all life took our shape. Depending on when life arose, they were in different stages of technological advancement. We had encountered no one higher than us - yet. The other theory was really a joke, one for conspiracy theorists and nut jobs - that it was artificially set up by some higher power. Only now, it seemed everyone else was the nut job. This proved, or at least added credence to, the fact that these conditions were in fact artificial. The ensign smiled weakly, "I guess that's why you're Commander," he said. I inclined my head in acknowledgement and gestured for him to continue. "As I was saying," the ensign nodded, "there was only one thing on the planet." I leaned forward, elbow on the table as the screen came to life. There was a woman, in a shaking room. Her hair was long and perfectly black, and her almond colored eyes were wide. Her face was stained with blood. "If-If you have found this message, there is finally some-" There were some distant explosions and the camera shook, "some hope," she finished. "You have advanced far enough in technology to find this place and solve the encryption to access this message." I frowned at the ensign and he nodded. Seems like our computer engineers had decrypted it. "At this point you've probably found tons of the other experiments and have figured out what's going on," she continued, "It's a test, you see, like how they grow bacteria cultures, it's a test to to find one, just one, that has immunity. Immunity from-" Just then there was an explosion and the woman screamed, and fell out of the frame. The video ended. "Are you kidding me," I burst out, "is this a fucking movie? she had to cut off right then!?" The ensign seemed taken aback by my reaction, "Y-yes commander that was all, there was no more-" I chewed on my lip, thinking, when suddenly the alarms started blaring. The captain's voice came from the intercom. "We have incoming." *** (minor edits) If you enjoyed, check out [XcessiveWriting](https://www.reddit.com/r/XcessiveWriting/) for more of my work 