
It started... with the pizza... if only it had stopped there too. Sure, it was great at first and a bit of a lark, helping pay for an extra night on the town every now and then. Great conversation starter, too. But, it turned out to be a lot more effective than thought. Word of mouth spreads and traditional advertising just wasn't clicking with regular folk any longer. So, me and a few of my friends started to get a few more tattoos. It was getting a bit ridiculous, especially with those who were spending quite a lot of their new income right away. After a while, as the novelty faded so too did the increase in sales and so a few reasonable limits on the amount of tattoos one could have so as not to overstretch the market. &#x200B; The worst happened a couple of years later. A double recession, then a near financial collapse. Even the most skilled workers couldn't find a job without jumping through a thousand hoops, myself included. But, I had experience hawking these adverts just by parading them around while doing not much else. So, I signed up for extra responsibilities to make ends meet. Be seen in a few fancy nightclubs a month, make it look like I was having the time of my life. For a while I was, too. But a year later and the partying had started to get to me, especially with my beer gut leering out at my sides - this meant less pay for not representing the brand well. By this time, the advertising schemes were almost everywhere and a few tattoos weren't going to be enough. The tattoos were out and the brand-oriented mandated clothing was in. &#x200B; This was really starting to take its toll on me. The tattoos could be covered up where it wouldn't be appropriate to show them and the previous limits on how many you could have were still in play. It was silly, but bearable. I had to throw out my entire closet the other day. Now it's all garish red, yellow, pink, purple branded clothing with awful slogans some focus group had randomly pulled out of a hat. I would have stepped out at this point, but the situation financially had somehow gotten even worse. Extra lobbying had made it particularly hard for someone with my skillset to change jobs. If I wanted to stop advertising I'd have to pony up quite a lot of cash as a withdrawal fee - they say it looks bad on the brand to have someone pull out after so long wearing their kit. Not to mention, after some time the funding started drying up on this as the gimmick wore off. &#x200B; Then, they decided to diversify again. Now we're also required to say certain phrases in response to basic things. This too started off very simple with slogans stated when greeting someone new for the first time before conversation could take place. As time went on, this became less and less effective and so the frequency of it had to increase. Even serious conversations were interupted by a mandated ad jingle whenever certain topics came up. &#x200B; Recently I was asked how I coped with it all by a good friend of mine... how am I feeling? ''..I'm... I'm... I'm lovin' it.'' 