
"I'm trapped... in the wrong place. I've been hoping to get through to someone - anyone - who can help me." The voice on the phone shouted at me. For a toy phone the speaker was surprisingly loud. I decided to suspend disbelief for a minute. If I was hallucinating, the least I could do was try to enjoy it before waking up to the sound of heart monitors in the hospital. "Why hello there, sir, I'm terribly sorry, but I didn't expect anyone to be on this line. My name is George, where are you exactly?" "Listen, George, I don't think I have a lot of time. I need you to pay very close attention. Can you do that George?" After considering this for a moment, I could hear the voice on the other end of the line take a long sigh. Clearly my pause didn't jive well with his lack of time. "Sure. To whom am I speaking? "Ed. You can call me Ed. Listen, George, I don't know how to break this to you but I'll start by saying that I know my voice is coming to you in a very confusing way - though I'm not sure exactly how it's working - but you are very much awake right now. And everything I'm about to tell you is true." He couldn't spit the words out fast enough. He continued, "do you ever have the feeling like a choice in front of you would have very similar results, but you just pick one? Orange juice or apple juice for breakfast, that sort of thing?" "I guess so," I said, a little uncertain of where this would lead but enjoying my hallucination nonetheless. "Well, George, this is where my story gets tricky to explain. You see I used to work at scientific research facility in a small town in Oregon, and I was studying the many worlds theory? The one that postulates there are an infinite number of universes in which you made a somewhat different set of choices?" He didn't pause to let me answer. "In studying this theory, I found a way to cross between these parallel universes. I managed to devise an instrument to change the universe that my consciousness is experiencing. That was 3 years ago. I have been in this place where my daughter doesn't exist, I'm married to a model, but the sky is green. In these 3 years I made a new instrument to contact you. Well, not you specifically, see George *you* are in the universe I came from. I need to you find the me in your universe and tell him the following information. I'm sure he misses Tinka and would be fine with switching back, especially given that I didn't exactly ask his permission before kicking him to your universe. Can you do that George?" What. The. Heck. Is. Going. On. Of course I didn't believe this, but here I was hearing a voice coming through a toy phone, so who was I to judge the validity of his ramblings. "Sure, Ed. Just give me a phone number and I'll text him whatever you tell me right now." "Text? What do you mean text? Oh, you mean those little messages we used to send like digital post its? Don't you have some sort of hologram generator or teleportation device so you can get him in the room with you right now? I'm telling you, I'm running out of time here! I was ok for awhile, but I'm at the end of my rope with trying to get back and I don't think I can make it much longer." "We don't have any of those things, Ed. Sorry to break it to you." I felt bad having to break it to him that maybe he spent the last 3 years trying to get back to a place that kind of sucked by comparison. "What's changed there in the past 3 years?" He asked slowly. I guess I was right to feel bad. "Well, have you seen the movie Back to the Future II?" I said, knowing that if time was of the essence this would be the fastest way. "Obviously. It's the best." Couldn't agree more, pal. "Ok" I ticked off the similarities on my fingers, "We still don't have flying cars, skyways, hover scooters, robot waitresses, self drying clothing, accurate weather prediction, or the ability to rehydrate pizza from a tiny packet into a fresh, delicious pie. Instead, we have President Biff and text messaging is still the fastest way to send information. If you have anything close to the technology there that you described - " I heard a loud clang. He hung up. I guess I talked him out of it. 