
Narrator: The first order of the day is in and it's a big one. Char broiled human with a side of rizzotto. Xaxnon goes to the refrigerator to get his first human, but little does he know there's a surprise in store for him. Xaxnon pulls out Gordon from a group of cowering humans. Xax: Come on, you're next! Gordon: Excuse me! EXCUSE ME! How long have I been in there? Xax: Time is not relevant for food! Gordon: Time isn't relevant for food? Are you fucking kidding me? You know this invasion was weeks ago. How are any of us still good? Xax: You're fine, I thawed you out this morning. Gordon: I was frozen!? Xax: No... yes, I mean you were brought in fresh, so you're fresh-frozen. Gordon: Fresh-frozen? That's not a real word. You're either fresh or you're frozen. You froze me, I'm fucking frozen. How'd you thaw me out? Xax: We have an advanced cryogenic reanimator that emits high frequency microwaves that- Gordon: I've been fucking microwaved? Oh you gotta be fucking kidding me! You know what a microwave does to meat? Dries it out! No wonder I've been leaking so much water. And frozen, AH! Look at this! Gordon lifts his shirt up revealing a black spot on his stomach. Gordon: I'm fucking frostburn. You're going to serve this? Xax: You're fine, come on now I have to toss you into the oven! Gordon: ...holy shit... Gordon begins to walk away. Xax: Where are you going? Gordon walks over to the cryo freezers where dozens of humans are frozen in horrid and grotesque poses. Gordon: Holy shit... look at the condition of this freezer! Gordon pushes the iced humans aside and pulls out aluminum trays full of severed human limbs and organs. He sets it to the side and pulls out another tray of the same only it's much much older with a film of old greasy oils and green splotches over it. Gordon: Absolutely disgusting! How long has it been since you cleaned this place? Xax: I- Gordon pulls out a skull with half the face decomposed. Gordon: Ah! Ugh! How long's this been in here? There's no way this is up to code. CUT - SINGLE CAMERA INTERVIEW MIXED WITH FOOTAGE OF CHEF RAMSAY DRAINING OLD ROTTEN HUMAN BLOOD AND GUTS OUT OF OLD ALUMINUM TRAYS. Xax (talking to the camera): I knew I was in for a rough night, but when the human started going through the back of the freezer... I was just so embarrassed. I honestly forgot most of that stuff was in there... I mean I know there's no excuse, but... Xax lets out an exasperated sigh and looks away. Xax (tears stream out of his ears, which is normal for his species): It's just so hard to keep this place together sometimes. CUT - BACK TO THE SCENE Narrator: Xax the Chef is already behind on his order of broiled human, but the food itself is having none of it. Gordon: Do you know what would happen if I reported this? Xax: Nothing, we destroyed your government! Gordon: Look at yourself... are you proud of what you serve? Why are you a chef? Xax: ...I enjoy cooking. Gordon: You think they enjoy eating this? Xax: I just... Gordon: You gotta look at reality Xax. It can't be that hard to find a decent place serving humans around here. Now look outside, how many orders do you have tonight? Just one so far. Be honest with me, you're struggling. Xax (crying): We just can't afford the staff- Gordon puts his hand on Xax's tentacle. Gordon: I know you're having problems. I see them. But cutting corners is not going to fix anything, it's only going to make things worse. Look at me. Xax looks up at Gordon. Gordon: We can do this Xax, and I'm here to help. CUT TO A naked human man wakes up on a butchering table. Looks up and starts screaming. A meat cleaver comes down and chops his head off. Gordon, holding the bloody cleaver, tosses the head to Xax. Gordon: There, nice and quick kill. Hold onto the head, we'll save it for sweetbreads. Now lets get this skin off, you're going to want to get to that liver first. Now, how's that rizzotto coming along? Xax: Just took it out of the freezer chef. Gordon rolls his eyes. Gordon: Toss it, just get some fresh mushrooms and start chopping. Xax: You got it chef. 