
After the first week of slashing vegetation and trotting through grass thicker than rope, Sebastian Joe had already passed the last mapped boundary of the Sea of Trees. A month later and he was hopelessly lost. The forest canopy blocked the sun, swallowing him up in their shadows. The undergrowth hid snaking vines that grasped at his foot with every step he made. The paper he had originally brought to chart this unknown territory, he now used to wipe his ass. Food had grown to emergency rations and he had begun testing the local berries. The first one gave him tasted like a rare steak, the second gave him such violent diarrhea that he had thought he would shit his own intestines out. Here, the wildlife had grown strange and unafraid. There was no concept of the human food chain, only the natural one. Six-legged bears with orange stripes prowled the treetops for food, insects with disproportionately large leathery wings fluttered around him to drink his constant sweat, and low-pitched howls filled the night with every passing moon. And something was stalking him. At first, he had thought it his own imagination--the shuffle of a leaf, the crunch of dried grass, small things. But the sounds persisted. "Hello?" he shouted into a wall of trees. "Is someone there?" He took out his flash light and flicked it on, praying that its batteries would last. "Yes," came a soft voice. Sebastian froze. His flashlight jerked toward the voice but he found only the forest. He had assumed it was a hungry animal or worse yet, the delusions of early onset insanity. After all, he had already been talking to himself for hours on end just to pass the time. "Who are you?" he asked. "That's a strange question. I am me." The flashlight flickered once and then died, returning Sebastian to the shadows. He slapped it a few times but that did nothing to fix his dead battery. "Who are you?" the voice asked. "Sebastian Joe. I'm an explorer here to map the Sea of Trees." "Explorer?" A cackle echoed through the air. "You haven't explored very much. You've mostly just been walking in circles." Sebastian's cheeks drained of blood. "Do you know the way out?" "I do." He waited for more, but the voice was finished. "Well, can you tell me the way out?" "No." "Why not?" "Because I cannot guide you out," the voice said, as if answering the most obvious question in the world. "Only you can guide me out." "Please," he said, "I just want to go home." "Then explore." Another cackle sounded. Sebastian clamped his mouth shut. Whoever was following him was messing with him too. He gripped his machete. His voice came out in a low growl. "If you know the way out, tell me now!" He charged at the voice. It was his last chance to escape this place, to see Annie once more. The vegetation slapped at his face and whipped his chest. And then, opened up. Sunlight beamed down unblocked by the trees. For a second, he could only see its yellow glow and then his eyes slowly adjusted. He had found a clearing in the forest. Here, the dirt smoothed out and not a single blade of grass grew on the ground. At the middle of the clearing stood a stone monument covered in vines. It stood taller than most high-rise apartments and looked like a man hugging his knees into his chest. On top of its head was a giant beating heart, half-buried in the stone. "What the hell?" Sebastian muttered. The ground rumbled and the statue opened its bloodshot eyes. It unfurled and pushed itself up. "The Sea of Trees have been around since long before my time and yours. In here, we are all lost. There is only one way out and you must guide us there," the voice said again, this time coming from the stone. "We have been waiting for an explorer to find us, so long that we have lost control of our bodies. Plunge your blade into our hearts. Guide us out." The stone colossus opened its jaw and let loose a roar that sounded like thunderclaps. Its eyes locked into Sebastian and its fingers curled into fists. --- --- /r/jraywang for daily WP stories, continuations by popular demand, and more! 