
Robber. Rapist. Jay-walker. Judy glanced down at the dead man impassively, the glassy eyes on the man's severed head staring at her. She met that stare head on -- it was a reminder of what she stood for, as the last member of the legendary Supreme Court. Every time she saw such a stare, the memory of her blade anointment ritual would surface. The vows she'd took, even as videos of her namesake predecessor, created in more prosperous times, played on screens in her investiture chamber. "Justice for all." She swung her blade down, and whatever bloodstains on the sharp blade scattered into the winds. The silent crowd around her backed away hurriedly. No one wanted to be the next criminal judged by her. Men rushed in, the local enforcers of the little enclave. Judy looked at them. Even calling them enforcers were unnecessary embellishments; these men were hired thugs, who sought to impose the will of their masters onto the weaker ones. "You killed him?" A man, with an ostentatious epaulet dangling over his shoulder, stepped forward and asked. Judy raised an eyebrow. "Executed," she corrected him. "His crimes were weighing down on him, and so I relieved him of his burden." A drop of sweat ran down his forehead. "S-so, it was in the course of d-duty then." It seemed that this man at least knew something about her. And the institution she belonged to. It was a shame. Contempt of court was a capital crime, as well as suspicions of perjury. And judging from how that man was behaving, Judy had a hunch that this enclave's lord wasn't as clean as he should be. None could lie before the Court. "How may I address you?" Judy asked, sheathing her blade. The man's eyes widened at that action. He gulped, torn between her actions and her invitation. No one could resist the might of the Court, and if he refused to give his name and whatever information she wanted, his master wouldn't protect him. Couldn't protect him. Master be damned. "I-I'm George, madam." His heart thumped loudly, his shoulders hunching over in fear. "Hello, George." Judy replied evenly. "Is there anything you'd like to tell me?" "A-anything?" "Yes, anything." "Y-yes, madam." Judy bared her teeth, and George shuddered. Beauty and terror oft came in a package, but whatever idiotic schemes his libido had at the moment could go choke on some marshmallows. "Excellent," said Judy. "Let's go get a drink." George turned around as she led him over to the most famous food joint in town. His little team were still standing motionless, but as he laid eyes on them, their bodies crumpled over. A single stab wound, gleaming brightly, adorned their foreheads. They might had survived, had they not thought to flee from the Court's Incarnation. After all, fleeing from court was a capital crime, and thoughtcrime was not exempted from that. It didn't take long for George to confess everything his master did. By the time the sun dipped below the horizon, Judy had left, leaving behind a master-less enclave and a cowed populace. 