
I walked up the stage. The bright spotlights shone down on me, forcing me into a squint. However, I didn't need my sight to know the crowd was enormous. Their lingering screams spoke of thousands. Despite my best efforts, I didn't wear my usual grin. Today, I would die. Well, not *truly* die. I would pretend to do so. The plan was simple. Get in the water box. Put on four handcuffs and two locked chains crisscrossed across my chest. To make it impossible, at the bottom of the water there would be a hundred different keys. I would have to find the six correct ones before drowning. It was impossible. Absolutely impossible... if I wasn't immortal, which I was starting to despise. Of course, I loved the attention, and the feats it allowed me to do, but this cursed Council wouldn't stop annoying me. They claimed I was affecting the course of history. That didn't make any sense. We were a part of history as much as any mortal. Otherwise we wouldn't exist. I explained the trick. The crowd gasped in unison, but then cheered. They had seen me do impossible tricks before. The water box came in. My staff put on the locks, handcuffs and chains. Then they poured the keys inside, and with that I went it. I grabbed the first key. I could barely twist my wrists to make it fit inside the lock. However, I wasn't going to die and be known as the escapist who couldn't even unlock the first handcuff. Fortune was with me, and the first key worked. Three more handcuffs to go. I pushed the other handcuffs down my wrist so I could reach the lock, and fumbled for another key. It worked. Again, and again. What was happening? This didn't make sense. The probabilities were too low. The chains were next. They were locked together by a single lock, and they were *heavy.* I scrambled the remaining keys, and opened my eyes as much as I could, pretending that something was wrong. It would add some of that sweet tension. After a few minutes of supposed panic, I stared at the faces of the crowd. They were ashen. The ladies had their hands over their mouths, and the gentlemen fidgeted. I couldn't do this. I wouldn't 'die' like this. It was the perfect moment. I had them right where I wanted them. I couldn't waste it. I snatched another key. The lock clicked open. I took off the chains and exited the water with hands aloft. Never in my life had I received such a wondrous, endless ovation. All of them on their feet. It was magical. This is where I belonged. The Council could go burn in hell. The keys were a signal. Months went by without a single signal of the Council. I went to sign autographs in Montreal. The amount of people that came was overwhelming. "Harry!" A man said amidst the sea of suits and dresses. "May I try?" "Sure thing," I said with a smirk. Then, I tensed my abdomen. He punched me, and I collapsed to the ground. Everything went black in an instant. I woke up in a dark room, chained to a stone wall. Felar stood in front of me. He was the head of the Council of Immortals. "Harry Houdini," he said with an arrogant tone. "The greatest escapist of all time. You have ignored our requests for years now. Those chains you love will forever be your prison now." "What are you implying?" I said, frowning. "Let's see how good of an escapists you are. Of course, this time, you won't have any *key*," Felar said with a smirk. I narrowed my eyes. "Did you change the keys in my last act?" Fera laughed. Then left the room. They can hold me, but they will never stop me. I've left my trace in history, and soon, I will do it again. ---------------------------------------------------- /r/therobertfall - For more stories! 