
The clothes were scratchy on my skin as I made my way through the marketplace, mustering up the courage to attempt some Latin, which wasn't very good. My first challenge was to figure out when I was placed -- sure, we were told we were in ancient Rome, but that covered a *looooooong* amount of time. The easiest way was to ask who the emperor was. "I am sorry to bother you, but I have just returned from a long pilgrimage -- can I ask who is currently the emperor?" Hoping that I had kept my declensions straight, I waited for the response, which was a chuckle. "You are not wrong to be lost. These are indeed trying times for us all. Hostilian has been declared co-emperor for several months now, for all the good that will do him and the rest of us." *Hostilian...* I mused, thanking my lucky stars that I had took the time to remember *every* single roman emperor. There was good news and bad news. The good news: Hostilian only ruled for 5 months, so I knew that we in the late to middle year 251 AD. The bad news: Hostilian only ruled for 5 months and did so during a period of great civil upheaval and general warmongering. How did he die again? I thanked the shopkeeper for his time and moved on (he was a bit miffed that I didn't buy anything, but I was currently penniless), mulling over my strategy. You see, I was in the middle of one of the biggest and most strenous exams that every student takes at the end of their secondary education, the VAST (Virtual Autonomous Standardised Test); results for all of the main subjects and chosen electives would combine for a mark that would determine our options for future education -- the cutoffs at the top were precise to the extreme and sliced the tail end of the bellcurve thinner that machined sashimi. I had had an absolute belter of a year (VAST examinations take the entire year -- most courses take an average of one month to examine their students), but I had one last hurdle to pass -- my history exam. As usual, the examiners had thrown us a curveball; upon the announcement that it would be set in ancient rome, most students figured that the requirements for passing would be very difficult (such as getting to a position of power or amassing a large amount of wealth, which are really the same thing anyway). I don't think they expected to be dropped into rome during the crisis of the third century, a relatively unstudided period compared to the periods before and directly after. I had also fucked up. *Fuck! How did Hostilian die?* I wracked my brain for answers. This period was supposed to be one of the more difficult to navigate, but why was the requirement for passing so easy? All one had to do was get a job as a scribe or even in heavy labour and they would pass without breaking much of a sweat! Something was off. There must be something that makes this a lot harder. But Pompeii was several hundred years ago and in the wrong city regardless. Sure, there were wars all over the empire, but they did not extend to Rome itself and all you had to do was not end up in the army's legions. How did people die in this time? Old age, war, sickness... Plague. I stopped moving. Hostilian had died of the plague. The examiners were such *bastards*! They knew people would think that the trick was the time period and lured them into a false sense of security, only for them to get wiped out by the same plague that would kill Hostilian. This plague would spread across the entire empire and last for over ten years. I had to get out. --- Part 2: https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/cr24q2/wp_in_late_21st_century_ultrarealistic_virtual/ex2uqqu/ 