
"I just don't get how you do it, man." Another quarter over, and the broken record skips back to this. Michelle worked harder than any other person I've met. She put in more hours than anyone else in this place, got in earlier, stayed later, and she got the results. The lowest I've ever seen her figures come in was 112.7% above quota. The lowest I'd seen mine was 243.1%. "Number one again, and I barely ever even see you here. You've gotta be putting in time at home, right?" "Nope. Gym for 45 minutes after work, then home to make the dinner." Michelle takes a bite from her prepackaged sandwich. She doesn't eat a lot, but she eats shit, and it shows on her portly frame. "But where do you even find the time?" "I don't. I make it. One second." My alarm interrupts me. It's 10am; time for a snack. I pull out a small ziplock bag, filled with 50g raspberries, and 50g mixed nuts. I quickly refuel, then carry on, interrupting Michelle's default excuses. "It's simple, Mich. I wake up at 6, having got 8 hours of good quality sleep. This ensures I'm well-rested for the coming day. By 6:30, I've finished my morning exercises, and I prep my day. I book out every second between 9am and 3pm in 10 minute slots. I make breakfast for myself and my family, and at 7:45 I take the kids to school. If I leave at 7:50, I align with other parents, and get caught in traffic. I tested this, and I determined the best route to minimise drive time." Michelle rolls her eyes. "And what? You just plan and measure everything, do it exactly to plan, and it all miraculously follows the plan?" "Pah! I wish. No, most things don't go to plan. But I refuse to allow those situations to desync my routine. I factor in firefighting into the next day's plan." People often feel that I'm a little wooden, and I understand their position. I'm very clinical in the execution of my routine, and tend not to waste time socialising or sugarcoating. It's made me something of an outcast, but my results have made me something of a legend regardless. "Anyway, I have a call booked in two minutes. See you at lunch." I walk away, ignoring Michelle's disapproving expression. These conversations come up all the time. I do the same thing every day, and have perfected my routine over the years. There is not a second wasted, and people find my life alien and mysterious. I am constantly accused of good fortune, good genes, good leads. I am successful because I work to plan. I am healthy, because I eat and exercise to plan. I am happy, because I make the time to love my family, and am loved in return. All to plan. My wife is not like me, so I always prep spontaneity. Every week, I do something "out of the blue". My kids love how much time I spend with them. My friends respect the fact that I make time for them, too. My boss hates how little time I spend in the office. His boss hates the fact that I keep rejecting promotions. They don't understand. A more senior position would require a greater time investment, and the personal cost of that would not be worth the financial benefits. I will only review my routine when I get to level 65. Currently, all this is prepping for the final hurdle. I've spent the past 45 levels developing foundations. At 65, I can build on those foundations, and will dedicate the next 35 levels or so to mastering as many skills as possible. I don't know what form the challenges will take, but I am certain that Death won't know what hit him. 