
Instinctively, I pinged the router. It said the IP address was "1". Not [1.1.1.1](https://1.1.1.1), just "1". Incredible. I opened my browser and checked Google, but as usual, Google and all the other websites I tried did not exist, because the DNS wouldn't exist for decades. I wrote a quick script to ping every possible IP address, something that usually took a long time. There was one reply. No website, of course, because there was no HTML yet, but perhaps manually ... Holding my breath, I converted the packet from binary to text. It was gibberish. I subtracted 64 from each byte and tried again. "4 October, 1953. Hello, world. My name is Alan Turing. I live at 78 High Street, Hampton, London, United Kingdom. I am forty-one years old. I enjoy animated films and puttering with transistors. This is almost 255 characters. The quick brown fox jumped over" The sentence abruptly cut off. My first thought was: I'm going to meet Alan Turing! My second thought was: This was crazy. There couldn't be internet in the 1950s; it wouldn't even be thought of for decades. I had to be in an alternate timeline. Turing was a brilliant computer scientist, but I couldn't remember anything about him having a hand in the development of the internet. In fact ... I stopped cold, remembering a little biographical sidebar about Turing from one of my discrete mathematics textbooks. He died sometime in the 1950s, still a young man. Cyanide. He wasn't involved in the creation of the internet at all, because he'd killed himself after the world discovered he was gay. Could he possibly have developed a public computer network, but died before he could tell anyone? The next morning, I of course went to visit 78 High Street. Turing answered the door. "Hello, young man," he said. "Are you a travelling salesman? I have an excellent algorithm for you ..." I knew I had to prove myself worthy of his time before he shut the door. So instead of trying to explain my time travel situation, I simply read the text from his packet aloud. "... I enjoy animated films and puttering with transistors. This is almost 255 characters. The quick brown fox jumped over ..." "Good heavens," he said. "I think you had better come inside at once." I briefly explained my story so far, how I'd traveled back in time and had been living here for two years. He didn't want to believe it, of course, but I showed him my phone, or the bits of it I could use without internet. Fortunately I had some music and books downloaded, as well as Google Translate. "Either you really are a time traveler," he said, "or their are some devilishly clever engineers where you come from. Such a tiny device! No wires! No mechanical parts of any kind that I can see! How does it work?" I showed him the battery and gave him a quick history of computer science. "It sounds magnificent," he agreed. "But one thing sounds odd. Why is there such a delay in the creation of this internet? As you can see from my homemade device here, I've got most of the important details worked out, I think. Is there some trouble with patents or something?" I swallowed. "Alan," I said. "Alan ... you are going to die soon." He frowned. "Is that why you came from the future? To save me? How do I die?" I looked closely into Alan's face. "You can't think of any reason?" I whispered. He frowned, looking down at the floor. Maybe he wasn't sure, but he had an inkling. I rooted around my phone a bit until I found my ebooks from college. There in the discrete mathematics textbook was the sidebar about his life. We read it together. It listed some of his greatest achievements, his contribution to World War Two and the Turing Machine. It ended by saying that although they'd never ruled out accidental death or assassination, most people thought he'd committed suicide following his court ordered chemical castration. The author concluded that it was a terrible waste of such a brilliant mind, a shame he hadn't been born a bit later, in a more enlightened time. "A more enlightened time," Turing repeated aloud. "What does that mean?" I patted his hand. "Alan, things are better in the future for, you know, people like you. It's legal, it's mostly accepted. There are civil rights movements. In 1969, there's a riot, and then gay marriage is legalized in 2014, and ..." "2014," he said. "If I live, I'll be a hundred and two. Perhaps it's best for history to go on as it should." "But Alan!" I cried, seizing his hand. "That's in my timeline, not yours. One of the reasons the gay community came to be accepted was the internet. It allowed people to speak anonymously to others like themselves, to organize safely. If you live, and if you invent the internet, and who knows what else, and I'm here to help you with my knowledge ..." "Say no more," he said, glancing at his homemade router. "In fact ..." Deftly, Alan sprang up and went to the cupboard. He pulled out a pillbox, brought it over to the sink, and poured an evil looking capsule down the drain. "Put the kettle on," he urged me. "We've got some work to do!" 