
The first thing i wished for was a 10 bucks, i spent the whole afternoon trying to get deer out of my apartment. I expected this, it looks like the genie is against me, i have to keep that in mind. I was hoping for a Robin Williams genie, or at the very least a Shaq Kazzam but it looks like i got an asshole. "why didn't you wish for more money?" "because your an asshole" "you're*" "what?" "what?" Me and this genie are in a battle and language are our weapons. I spent the next day typing a very long contract. He watched as i spent hours writing pages upon pages of airtight legal jargon that essentially set me up for life without causing harm to anyone or anything. At the end of the day i presented the contract to the genie. "what is this?" "my wish" "its too long" "what is there a word count?" He started to explain a couple of the rules as i ran to jot down notes. It was obvious he wasn't telling me everything. "i don't have to tell you anything else, it doesn't matter anyway, you're going to die, all this time and no one has beat me yet. no ones figured out the rules to this thing." It struck me quickly. I'm a genius, an absolute genius. "i wish for the rule book!" I'm an idiot, an absolute idiot. I sat at the table the next morning behind a giant, thousand page text, written in ancient Arabic. I didn't have wishes or time to waste. I got started with translation. Evening came and i wasn't a tenth way finished. I learned a few things, such as the genie cant lie, you cant wish for sentience without causing problems, paradoxes cancel themselves and if i don't use at least one wish a day, i die. all things that are good to know. The genie sat quiet in the corner of my apartment, i thought about how no one had survived. i knew i had to something no one had done yet. the day was almost over and i hadn't made my wish. "hey asshole!" "whats up?" "i wish to know how many people have come before me." "15" 15. Not as many as id thought. It explained his social skills. The rule book was old. "does time pass the same for us?" "more or less" "have you been lonely?" He doesn't answer. Thousands of years and only 15 people. I poured him tea. "you cant win me over" "you're still an asshole, but I've been a pretty bad host. Also, I need a break. We played chess quietly. "Chess is really old, it has to be the only thing in this room that's older than you" "Its old, but i'm definitely older. I first saw it when a Persian price found me" He told me about a few of the people that tried to get wishes from him in the past. Arabic royalty, Norwegian vikings, he once turned a beggar in china into a warlord, temporarily. The last person to have found him was a drug lord in central america. The tea turned into beers. He taught me songs from throughout the years. "what would you wish for?" "one time, i convinced someone to wish for my freedom, but since he couldn't make a fifth wish he died and things reverted back to how they were. Either way, you wouldn't want to wish that" "do you know what happens if they survive" "no, but I've been curious" We spent the rest of the night mapping out my wishes. On the fourth day i would wish for a lot of money and on the last day id wish for a long life. "the money your wishing for is still pretty low" "endless riches was never my original idea, i'm guessing that's how a lot of people die" The next morning he walked me through making the wish. Everything to set someone up for life was in that apartment. We spent the day talking about where the world was at. i took him to my favorite places. He took everything in as preparation to be back in the bottle for a while. "a long life? why are you going to wish for that?" "i think it'd be fun" "he sat looking at me puzzled" We partied into the next morning, i slept into the evening. "wake up, you have to make a wish" i got up difficultly and held him tight "I'm going to miss you" "i wish you'd stay" he froze "do you know what your doing?" "i read the rule book" i held him tighter "why?" "i think id be fun" I felt his curse transfer to me, everything went dark. I sat back and waited patiently for someone to find me. 