
It's Sunday again. I stand amongst a sea of purple sand beneath a sky of black and gray, waiting for my next fleeting moment of companionship. Part of me hopes it's not him; maybe he's finally passed. Another part of me--the larger part of me--wants nothing more than to hear his voice. And sure enough, as the wind picks up and the doorway opens, a familiar shape appears. The weight of my scythe seems lessened, the aches in my bones are dulled. And I know, for a short while, I'll be something resembling happy. "Hey there, Grimm," the man said, stepping into the sand. "How ya been?" I wave a hand nonchalantly, as if my days are as plain as the ones in his world. "What brings you to me, Dave?" I ask. He smiles and begins his tale. We trek through the sand, as we have a hundred times before. This time he speaks of scorned lovers and a misunderstanding for the ages; last time is was fast cars and amphetamines. His stories are always filled with excitement. The silver gates glisten in the pale moonlight as we draw near the end of our journey. All too soon, as always. Before he leaves, I finally bring myself to ask, knowing I shouldn't. "Dave... how do you keep coming back?" His smile fades for the first time. I sense a sorrow in his eyes, one I'd never seen before. Had it always been there? "Grimm, old friend, I've truly enjoyed our conversations." If I had a brow, it would furrow at that. "That's not really an answer, Dave." He holds out his hand, in the direction of my scythe. "Hand it over." I remain still. "Grimm. You trust me, right?" "Maybe you should just finish your journey, Dave, and we can talk next week." His smile returns, but its not the same as it was. "This was never about *my* journey, Grimm." He extends his hand a little more, and a strange feeling washes over me. "I--" I stumble over my words, and for reasons I can't fathom, I hand him my scythe. "You've done a great job, old friend," he said, nodding towards the gate. "Now get in there and see what comes next." I turn to the gate, and for the first time, I see the light emanating from within. I nod at Dave and walk embrace its warmth. --- r/Ford9863 