
The land is desolate and barren for as far as I can see, devoid of all life except for the solitary red figure before me, his claps resonating across the entire empty plane. He grins widely, brandishing row of sharpened white teeth. "Now what manner of bastard must you've been to end up here?" I shrug dejectedly, my eyes tracing the entirety of the man. He is no taller than I am, with sharp black hair and a pointed beard. His smile is charming, although gives me the fearful impression of a crocodile; the sort of smile you give your dinner before eating it. I don't like the idea of being prey. "Oh, come now," he continues, his tone equal parts mellifluous and commanding. "Surely you must've done something." "I can't say," I mutter, backing up defensively. "Can't say? Don't tell me that, darling. We're going to be here an awful long time in silence if you don't part that mouth of yours." "I choose to be here," I concede, feeling myself shiver as I chance a look at his eyes - two orbs of onyx, conveying nothing but malice as they pierce my gaze and soul, leaving me quivering in the recess. Entirely at his mercy. "Chose?" He repeats, rolling the word around his tongue. He quirks a brow, chortling softly. "Now who in their right mind would choose, willingly, to be in Hell?" "Me," I whisper, my voice no louder than a passing wind. "You," he repeats, stepping forward. "Are you mocking me?" "No, Lucifer, I am no-" He freezes suddenly, all pretence of amicability dropping abruptly as his black eyes begin to flare, an entire inferno erupted around his body. Satan in all his hellish terror steps forth, his hand reaching for my neck. I quickly pull away, retreating back. "How *dare* you use my name? How are you even privy to such knowledge, mortal?" "G-God told me..." "God? **God?!**" His wings unfurl from his back, unveiling more of his demonic form as a black tongue snaked out from between his lips. "It was his request for me to come," I splutter, trying to at least attempt to defuse the situation. "You remember the story of Job?" The Devil himself faltered, "Yes, that devout man who God challenged me to corrupt. He remained steadfast in his fate no matter what I took - it was sordid to witness one with such will succumb to being little more than a zealot." "Yes, the man of legend himself. Well, now God has tried something else - a deal amongst his angels, as opposed to with you. To see if any amongst their ranks can come to you and convince you to return home, as you tried to convince Job into debauchery." "You intend to convince me, The Devourer, the Tyrant, Lord of Flies and abominations, to return home? To the bastardisation that is your so-called 'Heaven'? I'd rather die." "I'm just the messenger! Please take it up with the man himself if you have a problem. The angels shall be arriving soon." The Devil chews his lip, his vision tearing from me and instead looking to the red, swirling mass above us. The Sky separating Hell from Heaven, the colour of freshly spilled blood. He licks his lips, "There'll be blood if they come for me, that I can assure you of." "I don't doubt it." ---- /r/coffeeandwriting for more! Edit: Part 2 is up here! [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/CoffeeAndWriting/comments/6itabv/writing_prompt_response_you_die_and_go_to_hell/) 