
Stasis. Apnea. Frozen for eternity. Syljir slowly flexed his biceps, wincing at the pain caused by a millennia of disuse. He relished the pain. It let him know that he was alive. And free. The chamber in which he had awoken was large and cavernous, the smell of wet earth revealing it to be deep underground. He had not awoken to the fanfare of joy and excitement, nor to the screams of terror and fear, but to the sound of a solitary drip of water. Drip, drip, dripping in a far corner of the room, each drop bringing him closer to awareness until finally his eyelids parted. He peered at the mortals, cowled and prostrate throughout the chamber. "What year is it?" The closest human looked up, deferentially avoiding his eyes. "It is the year 2042, my lord." "I do not know what this number means." Syljir swung his legs off of the stone slab he had been lying on and rose to his full height of seven feet. "Who reigns in the North?" "No single person, my lord. A conglomerate of nations. The world is as one." Syljir hid his surprise at this last statement. The world had changed. "Where is Thor?" "We do not know, my lord." "Odin? Freya?" "They have vanished from the world, though they live on in myth and legend." When Syljir did not speak the human hesitatingly began again, "They were very popular twenty to thirty years ago. Blockbusters. But it wasn't the real them. It was humans impersonating them." "Blockbusters." Syljir let the sound roll over his tongue. "I do not know this word." The human did not reply, somehow understanding and acknowledging the god's desire for silence. For a time Syljir inhabited himself, careful to hide his slowly receding weakness. It felt wonderful to be in control of his body again, to feel his lungs expand and contract. After some time another of the humans spoke, "Syljir, my lord, you should know that you have been wiped from the face of history." "I have been what?" The human, smaller than the others yet somehow stronger and more resolute, spoke again, "Erased from history, my lord. We have searched for a long time." The human made eye contact with him, but surprisingly Syljir was not offended by this. Emboldened by the god's acquiescence, the human continued in a more confident manner, "Writings of you are few and far between. We own most of the original sources, of which there are only seventeen." Syljir eyed him expectantly, "Why did you free me?" The humans exchanged furtive glances. Another, the foremost and first to speak, stood up from his prostrate position and looked the ancient god in the eyes, taking his cue from the smaller one, "My lord, we worship new gods now. The gods of Consumption and Destruction." "I have never heard of these gods." Another human spoke, momentarily surprising Syljir with the soft melody of her voice, "My lord, these are not gods as you know them, they are not individual beings." Syljir bent slightly, trying to get a look at her face under the cowl. She continued, "These are ideas. Habits. Humans no longer worship superior beings..." She trailed off as Syljir stepped towards her, his steps driven by raw emotion. It had been so long since he had experienced the feminine. Since he had heard such a voice. The god caught himself in time and stopped, still curious to hear her explanation. "Continue, human." She did not take a step back."We worship ourselves now, Lord. We have lost sight of what truly matters." Syljir, God of the Cycle, erased from history, wiped from myth and legend, slowly exhaled and surveyed the acolytes arrayed before him. The God of the Eternal Harvest, Harbinger of Annihilation and Usher of the Rebirth, had returned once more. "You seek a return to the old ways," he said, now standing at full height, slowly flexing each of his muscles in turn. The deity continued, louder this time,"You seek a return to when humans were humbled by the divine." When none of the humans responded, he spoke again, "You seek a return to when humanity was kept in check." The humans, his subjects, murmured their acknowledgement. The woman spoke again, her voice ringing beautifully, "Yes, Lord. Tell us what we must do."  