
"Excuse me, sir? We appreciate you pulling over to help us, so I really don't mean to be rude, but are you *sure* you know what you're doing?" the young woman who had been driving asked me. "Oh yeah, don't you worry, I'll have your engine back in working order in no time," I replied. In fairness, her concern was completely and totally justified. I was currently rubbing a *croissant* on her engine block like a madman, while bizarrely claiming it would somehow restore it to full working order. The male passenger in the car finally chimed in, "Dude, I know they sound alike, but isn't it like... a crescent wrench you need? Not a *croissant*?" "Shut it David!" the young woman scolded. "Do you or I know how to fix this? We've been sitting here for an hour just praying someone came by." Now feeling extremely self conscious, I put my head down and set back to 'work' with a loud sigh. Look, I have no goddamn clue how this started, but at some point I found I had the ability to solve any problem, so long as I did the exact opposite of my father's lifetime of advice and did not use 'the proper tool for the proper job'. If it was a superpower, then without a doubt *embarrassment* was my kryptonite. I had to balance my strong and genuine desire to help people with my willingness to look like a fool as I used a flamethrower to fix a wooden fence, a lava lamp to stop a guy mugging someone on the subway, or a hammer to mend a person's broken heart. I'm not gonna lie, occasionally I just can't take the cringe factor related to the possible 'solution' and have to leave someone to fend for themselves. David piped up again. "Sir? Can you at least *try* this wrench set I found in the trunk?" I sighed, "Fine. Sure, but please, for the love of God... both of you stand back when I do it." I touched the wrench to a random part of the engine and a massive bolt of electricity arced dramatically into the sky. Everyone's hair stood on end as we all jumped back in unison. "Jesus, careful man! You must have touched the battery somehow?" I'd been nowhere near the battery, but this kid didn't know enough to be afraid of this tool in my particular hands. For as much as I could solve any problem with the worst possible tool, I'd discovered that using the correct one for any given job could have disastrous consequences. I'd hoped that the little electrical light show my wrench had just put on would convince them to let me go back to doing things my way, but no such luck. They required more convincing, which was... very unfortunate for all involved, but I didn't see another way. I slowly moved the wrench toward the vehicle again, this time barely making contact with the outer surface of the car, at which point the entire front panel burst into flames. "Holy shit! Fire!" the young lady shouted. "Can car paint catch on fire? Err, whatever! Fire! Anyone got a fire extinguisher? Anyone?!" I grabbed an extinguisher out of my truck, but sheepishly handed it to her. "You'd uh... you'd better do this rather than me." She actually seemed to grasp why my using a *fire extinguisher* to *extinguish a fire* would somehow be a terrible idea and set to work herself. She put it right on target but the flames simply would not be fully beaten down. I ran to my truck and grabbed my child's teddy bear out of the back seat. I rubbed it along the length of the flames and they immediately snuffed out. Both of them now stared at me with jaws agape, a strange mixture of gratitude and utter confusion I'd seen hundreds of times before plastered on their faces. Finally, the young man spoke, "Uh sir? Here's... here's your croissant back... if you're still willing to help us." I nodded sheepishly and got back to work. Within 10 minutes I'd fixed whatever damage had originally caused their car to conk out and as well as mending any damage done by the fire. As I was chatting with the now happy couple I heard the police scanner in my truck chirp to life, "We've got a bank robbery in progress. Multiple suspects are armed and dangerous. Repeat, armed and considered very dangerous. All officers proceed with caution and wait for backup." "I'm sorry kids, I'd love to stay and chat longer, but as you can hear, my assistance is needed elsewhere," I told them as I walked back toward my truck, pulled a spatula from my belt and prepared for a fight. ___ r/Ryter Edit: Holy cow this totally blew up over night! All your positive reactions are quite overwhelming. Thank you very much for the Gold but thanks just as much to everyone who left really nice feedback or comments. I only started writing any kind of fiction a few months ago so this is quite a morale boost to keep working at it! Edit 2: As requested I did try to continue this story below, I'm a bit wary of this premise becoming worn out quickly, but even if Part 2 and 3 suck, the original still exists to enjoy on its own : ) 