
Steve Jobs cracked his knuckles and Satan shit himself. I'd just been dragged to Hell, demons jeering and spearing me as Satan pulled me through the gates, when former and late CEO of Apple technologies interrupted my journey to the sulfur pits. Steve polished his fingernails on his black turtleneck. "Where do you think you're taking my new employee?" "What-What do you mean." Satan stepped away from me. "Saint Peter himself said this one's not for Heaven." Steve tutted and approached me without hesitation. "Uh..." I looked left and right. "Are you saving me? Are you the, uh, Apple guy?" "Nah, that's mostly Wozniak. He'll get here eventually." Steve poked my nude chest. I'd been naked since I died, but now a black turtleneck and jeans manifested upon me. "You bought an iPad H?" "Yeah." "The Gold one?" "Yeah, the Gold one." "Read the terms and conditions?" "Nope." Steve shrugged. "I own your soul now." Satan gathered courage to speak. "With all due respect, sir---nobody reads the terms and conditions." "That's not gonna hold up in Godly Court. You know the Big Guy, He likes rules." I wasn't sure if I should root for Steve or Satan. I kept my mouth shut. My black turtleneck chafed. Satan pulled out a Blackberry and dialed his lawyer. "Hey, look up this soul for me." He snapped a photo of me. "He didn't read his terms and conditions and sold his soul to Apple. Can't I just throw the poor guy in a sulfur pit for their lifetime of masturbation?" Satan listened to his lawyer. "The Gold one," he said. "Really? Shit. Poor dude." Satan shrugged. Steve gestured for me to follow behind him. "Where are we going?" "This is the elevator to Heaven." Steve pointed to a golden elevator which stretched from the fiery canyon to the clouds. He pressed the single-purpose elevator button. "So, what do you mean by employe---" "Tsh, tshhh---" Steve shushed me into the elevator. We did not speak in the elevator. It was a long ride. In Heaven everything was fine. Angelic figures applauded me, but Steve pulled me over the clouds. I wish I could have tried the candy fountains or heard more of the pleasant harps, but Steve brought me into a glass building. At least twelve thousand men and women wore black turtlenecks and collars. They didn't look so happy about it. Some were sobbing. I turned to ask Steve about them, but he was gone. "What's up?" I asked a sobbing woman. "I sold my soul to Apple," she cried. "But you know that, you did it too!" "I didn't mean to," I said. "You bought the iPad H. Didn't you think the screen resolution and user-interface were too good for the mortal plane? You sold your soul for celestial tech." "I mostly used it to browse Reddit," I admitted. "Oh well. It's better than Hell. Right? Otherwise, why would the angels outside be cheering?" "They're our customers, of course they're cheering. We've entered Heaven into an eternity of servitude. And every night, we slave away in the Apple mines." She wiped her eyes as the Apple store opened for the day. "Hello, sirs, madams, may I help you find anything?" 