
She buzzes around excitedly, wings fluttering like a hummingbird's. I smile. I can't help it. She's adorable. I want to be her big sister. "There must have been an accident. You got into the portal the same time I got into the portal. Poor Shiannon's probably looking for me. Didn't you see the portal glow?" I grin, despite my apprehension. Beyond the ruins are an empty, featureless void. But who cares? I just found a real, actual fairy. She literally called up food from nothing. Screw this bland castle. I'm about to become more famous than the president. "There was no portal on my side." "And there's no portal here, so I guess we're stuck. Are you a human?" The question catches me off guard. "Um.... Yes?" She crows, "I knew it! Stupid Shiannon saying they don't exist. Wait 'til she sees you! She's gonna freeze her wings!" She pulls a short wooden stick out of nowhere. A wand, of course. "Calling Shiannon! I've got something to blow your mind." No reply. I pull out my phone. "No good, there's no service." She frowns at me. "Well, I should think not, the brownies will have been long gone. I think- What in the world is that?" I turn to see what she's looking at, and then I realize. She's talking about my phone. "Oh, this is a kinda-communication device." "What do you mean, kinda?" "Well, it also can access the internet, play games, download things, play music-" The last thing caught her interest. "Music? Really? How do you hook it up to an instrument?" "Oh, it doesn't play instruments, though you can play a couple. Mostly, it plays recordings. Like memories of songs." She's getting more and more invested now. "Memories of songs gone by? How many does it play? Five?" I laughed again. "Thousands. Millions. If I was hooked up to the internet, technically an infinite amount." She stares at me openmouthed. "Your world sounds amazing. I thought without magic, humans would be primitives, but you compensated so hard! You make us sound like the primitives." "Well, I think your ability to magic us up some food is amazing. In my world, you'd be the most popular being in centuries. After everyone was done gaping at you, of course." "Well, in my world, I'm nothing special. But everyone would love you! They'd all crowd around you to hear your stories, and to see your amazing devices. Shiannon would-" And then something flashes in me. "Isn't it weird?" She looks at me quizzically. "What's weird?" "We were both exploring the *same ruins!*" She stares at me for a moment. Then it clicks. "So you're saying, at some point in time-" "Humans and fairies lived in the same place." She does a little spin in the air out of excitement. "Floatin' fishes, I think you're right! So something split our two worlds apart. But we could still be put together! Think of all the awesome stuff we could share!" We pause, look around. "There's got to be a way out somewhere in here," we say together. I bow sardonically. "Children first, my dear." She frowns petulantly. "You know I'm probably hundreds years older than you, right?" "I know. Don't care." She giggles. After a moment, I do too. And I know we're gonna be fine, and find our way out of here. "So tell me more about your world. I want to know everything." We both say it. --------- A lot of people have requested a part two so [here you go.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/dihdnm/comment/f3xhfio) 