
The wood crackled with abandon, the fire finally raging and blessedly warm. Gerhart rubbed his hands vigorously, trying to get his blood circulating again. Snow fell all around them, blanketing the world in white. Driver rearranged the skewers on the fire, the smell wafting from them was almost making Gerhart drool. The assassin pulled a knife from his belt and sliced into one of the hares, then looked up at Gerhart. "We've fallen a bit behind, I thought we've be at the river by now." Gerhart sighed contentedly as the heat slowly seeped back into his hands. "The snow doesn't help. The trail has been hard enough to follow as it is." "Not when we get closer. There will be tracks now, we just need to make sure we don't stray off course." Driver pulled the skewers off the fire and handed one to Gerhart. "Shouldn't be hard. We know the general direction she is taking. Gerhart grunted in assent. "Hershel, Yern, dinner is ready." He watched them as they made their way over, Hershel towering over Yern, whose small frame hid the fact that he was a hardened killer. Gerhart would never bet against Yern in a fight, and in any other matter as well. Hershel sat down with a grunt and gratefully accepted the proffered skewer. He tore into the meat straight away, breathing quickly as he choked the bite down. "Fuck! Hot!" Gerhart chuckled and continued to blow on the still scalding meat. "Idiot." They were silent for a moment, content to sit in companionship. After some time Gerhart decided to address matters tonight instead of tomorrow morning. "Listen. We are falling behind. We must find her before she reaches the foot of the mountain. The fairy tale, that story she carries with her, the truth is far darker." He tentatively touched the meat, still too hot. "She will not survive what awaits her. We must find her and protect her." Grunts of acknowledgement met his statement. This was merely the latest adventure, one in which they saved a young rich woman from her grisly fate. Very run of the mill. Movement. The snow made the evening brighter than usual otherwise he might not have seen it. Yern saw it as well. The two exchanged a glance. A moment later Yern stood and stretched. "I'm gonna go piss." Five minutes after that the sounds of a scuffle came from a bush just outside the proximity of the camp. Gerhart, anticipating this, was up in a second with his sword drawn, naked steel glinting in the fire light. A tiny figure burst from the bush, muttering obscenities as she flew in an ungraceful arc through the air, her verbal tirade abruptly halted by contact with the ground. Several more of the creatures were unceremoniously tossed into the camp, one after the other, followed by Yern, who took two steps forward and then buckled over with laughter. "Pixies! A group of fucking pixies!" Gerhart smiled and sheathed his sword. These creatures would not harm them. The first to suffer being ejected from the bush stood up and dusted herself off, indignantly flicking snow off of her delicate wings. When she was done she put her hands on her hips and looked pointedly at Gerhart. He chuckled at her haughtiness. She was clearly annoyed at having been tossed through the air like a common villain. They stood for a time, each sizing up the other. The pixie spoke, "Gerhart. Humpff. You look better in my stories." Gerhart, perplexed, said nothing. The pixie turned up her nose, managing to give the impression of looking down at Gerhart, never-mind the fact that she was at most one foot tall and he was pushing six. Her voice was high pitched and melodious and more than a little cutting. "The Gerhart of my stories is a noble warrior, proud and tall and regal, never leaving his castle without his stallion and his gleaming suit of armor." Gerhart frowned. "The Gerhart of your stories clearly never had to track someone through rough and uneven terrain." The other pixies were all standing now, each flicking their little wings. Yern was sitting at the fire with his back to them, having determined that the little creatures were no threat. Driver was busy eating and not bothered by the intrusion in the slightest. Hershel was staring opened mouthed at the five pixies, no doubt captivated by their tiny, exposed breasts. Gerhart sized them all up, his eyes lingering on one who was dressed differently from the others, her clothes seemed to be a crude approximation of his outfit, complete with a tiny sword strapped to her waist. Noticing his attention, she sauntered over to him, strutted even, and then did a little twirl. "Not bad huh? You are great inspiration!" She drew her tiny sword, hopped forward and slashed at the falling snow flakes. "Hah!" As if on cue, the four other pixies bellowed in unison, "Gerhart slays the mighty dragon! Gerhart, the most knightly of knights!" The prancing pixie ended with a flourish and a flick of her wrist, triumphantly returning the mini sword to its mini sheath. Gerhart, astonished, shrugged helplessly and spoke to no-one in particular. "Not much to do in this situation." He walked over to the fire and sat down. He took a bite of the now cold meat, which he had left on the ground in haste. He chewed on it dejectedly. "We'll just have to let it play out." Driver pointedly looked down at the remains of his half eaten hare, muttering bitterly to himself, "Shit. This is going to be so annoying." &#x200B; ----- &#x200B; Part Two is below. 