
The room wasn't large enough for Cherry to fret in properly. End-to-end, it only afforded her a couple of seconds' worth of pacing, and she had criss-crossed the broken tiles a dozen times before the door swung open. She looked up, thinking she would be relieved that the wait was over, finding that instead a fine sheen of sweat had broken out on her forehead. "I want you to return her to me now," she said. She held up the fruit knife she had scavenged from her apartment. "Now. Otherwise... otherwise you will regret it." The man looked down at the instrument of violence Cherry had chosen, and the corners of his lips turned up. "Is there some kind of misunderstanding?" he asked. "We have known each other for months now, Ms Hastings. Our relationship has been mutually beneficial, and I cannot think of any reason for this... unhappiness. Come now. Is it a matter of payment? Did my accountants perhaps forget to pay you?" "I... I did not know!" Cherry said, the knife suddenly too small in her hands. "I swear I had no idea what you were using them for! If... if I had known, I would never have sold them to you! I would have gone straight to the police! Give her back, now!" He had many names, most of them given to him by others. He preferred 'Dan' - it was easy to write on the ransom letters, too commonplace for the authorities to track, and yet menacing enough to get his point across. "Cherry - you mind that I call you that? We are business-people. You rear them on your farm, I purchase the excess from you, everyone's happy. Why change any of that?" "You lied to me! You said... you said they were meant to be presents, to be exported to regions where they are not found! I did not know... don't laugh! I followed you! I wanted to see for myself how you would be treating them, what kind of lives they would be leading..." "And what did you see?" Dan asked, quietly. "The market! I saw you whisper to her, tell her what to do... she's innocent, you know! She trusts us! They all trust us! She had no idea what you were making her do! And to think that you would make her... part of your plans..." "But that's what I buy them for," said Dan. "They are versatile, compliant, helpful, even." "They are not meant to help you kidnap people!" Cherry's outrage seeped through the walls, and in the far corner of the mansion, she heard the faint stirrings of tiny fists beating against immovable walls. Dan called out then, and footsteps soon followed, echoing like raindrops on a copper roof. The door opened to admit a woman in the prime of her life. To anyone else, she would have been utterly unremarkable - neat, sensible bobcut, kindly eyes, button nose that blended in well with the rest of her plain features. But Cherry could see all the details. Details which would be lost on anyone else but a person who spent her life rearing them, caring for them - the tiny smidgen of purple on the tips of the ears, the too-rounded shoulders, the way the legs glided along a bit too fluidly. "You're a monster," Cherry said. "Using them to lure children away from their families... you will pay for this! I will make sure you never leave this room alive!" Dan laughed, then beckoned towards the woman. She smiled, then her features melted, like she was a wax figurine held over a stove. Cherry didn't scream - she had seen this before, a hundred times, a thousand times. The woman soon disappeared into a mess of purple goo, and then the blob sauntered over to Dan, where it shivered as Dan patted its head. Tiny eyes soon poked out, completed by an innocent smile. "Why Cherry," Dan said, "Ditto to you." --- /r/rarelyfunny 