
Before I head towards the kitchen to make breakfast, I quickly pick up some bird seed I hid in the bottom kitchen shelf. Mother would beat me harshly if she knew that I'd been the one stealing from the animals' portion, but I would think the chickens wouldn't want their fowl brethren to starve. It had been a harsh winter, after all, and kindness begets warmth. I held my breath tightly as I clutched the crinkly brown paper bag and silently made my way to the back garden. Slipping into my ragged shoes, I slowly made my way over the ice-kissed path as my tired eyes scanned the garden. Spring has yet to fully awake from her slumber, but the greenery has shown its face. Spotting the flutter of black near the flowerbeds, I smiled softly as I went hither. "A fair morning, my lovelies." I greeted them as I approached the unkindness gathering around the small clearing of blue grass. "Breakfast before taking flight. Winter has not released her grasp yet." I said as I started pouring the bird seed into an icy but empty bird bath: deep enough to satisfy and wide enough to perch on. The ravens stood at the edge and started eating as I backed away and smiled; their croaks affirming contentedness. "You may be called an unkindness, yet you treat me better than my own mother and sisters." I said as I dolefully thought back to the events since father had died. From the shoutings to the beatings and to even the slappings, not even the most lavish powders can conceal their demonic visages. Sitting on the snowy bench, I hugged the bag as tears slowly danced on my ash-strewn face. "Croak! Croak!" I looked up from my slump as I cleared my face. A raven was standing on my lap; its head tilting to the side with a blue ribbon on its beak. They have had been bringing me gifts as a way to repay for my kindness. I gave it a thankful smile as I reached my hand to take it, but the raven suddenly flew up swiftly into the air. "Croak! Croak!" The raven called louder as he beckoned to the right. "Did something happen Mr. Raven?" I asked curiously as I rose from the bench. But of course, the raven only started flying to the right; stopping ever few flaps to make sure I am following. I looked back to see the master bedrooms curtains still closed. "I have some time." I thought to myself as I made me way towards the edge of the garden the raven is leading me towards. "Perhaps I shall stumble into a raven party." I thought as I held my shawl tighter onto my rags. "Ooh! Or even a lovely ball." I reminisced dolefully as I looked around the icy garden; its shimmering and glittering surface like an elegant glass blanket. But shaking those fantasies away, I quickly felt my heart stop as I went through a shrub to a small clearing. "Croak! Croak! Croak!" The entire unkindness has gathered around in this clearing hidden by the shrub as they all looked at me when I entered, not moving a single muscle. Confused and a bit frightened, I was about to head back when I looked down at the most awesome sight I had ever seen: amid the usual presents of brown loose buttons and wrappers laid a most majestic sword glowing in blue. Its hilt shimmered as if it was the purest metal, and its blade: a glassy substance that reflected the harshness of winter yet a fine edge regardless. Below it laid a yellowed parchment with strange symbols; decorated with lines and a compass. I clutched my chest as I kneeled down. "Oh lovely crows. I-is this a gift?" I stuttered in shock as I inspected the artifacts. It truly was not a vision, but a reality I never thought would happen. But I felt wrong. "They must've stolen it." I thought to myself as I clutched the hilt and rolled the map up, "I must show mother and return it rightfully to its worried owner." "Oh, but you're the rightful owner, Cinderella." The sweet pleasant voice came from behind me as I quickly turned around, fearful one of my sisters must've found me. But instead, I was met by a kind-looking, grey-haired woman covered in the most fantastical blue hood and wings as dazzling as a monarch's. Swinging a strange stick around, she happily waltzed over as the ravens croaked in unison. "Your time has come my darling." She smiled as she pointed to the artifacts laying and looked at me with a hearty yet firm smile. "It is time to reclaim your rightful throne, my love." [SH](https://www.reddit.com/r/Shiruet/) 