
The devil loomed over me, blocking the sun behind his shadowed face. "Dave," he said. "You need to stop." I shook my head and giggled. "No returns." "I'm giving it back to you for free." He extended his hand, my soul in his palm. "Nope," I said. It was an easy choice to make. My first taste of happiness came only when I pawned my soul away for it. And wasn't that the point of life? "You can keep it. I'm staying here." "Dave." The devil paused to slowly exhale. "It's for your own good." I chuckle. Devils. They think we're all idiots. But no silver tongue could steal away the only worth my life ever had. "No deal," I told him. "You keep that damn thing. I don't want it." "You don't *do* anything anymore," Lucifer said. "You used to have goals, ambitions. Now, you just lay here all day, giggling to yourself and squinting at people right in front of you." I giggled and squinted. For a second, I actually believed the world's original conman. "Say whatever you want, but a deal's a deal. There's no way I'm taking that back." "I felt sorry for you when I first agreed to it!" he screamed. "Finally bested by a mortal, eh Satan?" He gritted his jaw. "I'm the devil? Is that what you think I am..." --- Carl stared at Dave, the husk who used to be his friend. Dave's blond hair had grown withered and long, nearly covering his eyes. His coat had holes in them from all his nights on concrete beds. Patches of yellow dots followed the veins in his arms from the happiness he had pawned his guitar for. Dave used to be a musician. He used to play on street corners and restaurants always with a single naive goal which he would declare to Carl every weekend at the local pub--I want to bring music to this world! And every weekend, his declaration grew just a bit quieter until he had stopped altogether. That's when Carl had split some Xanax with him. Three months later and he had pawned his guitar, his ambitions, his very soul, for dirty needles and liquid happiness. Carl chewed on his lips, the guitar in his hand growing too heavy to keep holding. "Please," he pleaded. But all Dave did was lay back on his concrete bed, a smile stretched across his face spouting nonsense about devils and contracts. Carl listened, his arm trembling in the air. Who knows? Perhaps Dave was right. Perhaps he really was the devil. 