
I followed Vince into the streets, his leather jacket blowing behind him as he slowly walked away from two metric tons of explosives placed inside a small mansion of dead goons. "Hey Vince," I called out, running past him. "We should get going, the house is going to blow." Vince stopped in his tracks and whipped off his sunglasses. "The only thing's that gonna blow is your mind when I rescue Sheryl from Lenny, the mob boss." I opened my mouth to speak but decided against it. There were no words for what I had just heard. Instead, I hurried away from the house. "Vince," I said, "you should seriously get away, being this close to the explosion is--" The house erupted in a fireball. A wave of heat slammed into me like a physical hit and flew off my feet. My body crumpled against the sidewalk as I gasped for air. A shrill note sounded in my ear. I looked up to see Vince, his leather jacket still flowing behind him and his sunglasses back on his face. He whipped them off again and stared off into the distance as if looking into some invisible camera. "That fight was... explosive." *What the fuck?* --- Lenny, the mob boss's mansion stood in the middle of a fifty acre field. Trees and shrubbery shrouded his house from the public but also provided Vince and I the perfect cover for our infiltration. We crouched inside the overgrowth, Vince's finger twitching on his gun. Tonight, a full moon dangled from the sky. "Okay, Vince," I whispered. "The guards come in cycles, if we wait for the chance, we can sneak in without drawing any attention." Vince looked back, sunglasses still over his eyes. "You can hide like a baby if you want, I will fight like a man." "No Vince," I pleaded. "We can sneak in, save Sheryl, and sneak out before they even notice us." Vince took off his sunglasses a-fucking-gain. He grasped the air in front of him. "I would die for love." "You don't god damn have to!" I screamed under my breath. He shook his head, a grin parting between his lips. "It is because you have not yet found true love, my friend. You, who are like a twig, and most definitely a virgin." I stared at my supposed friend. "Vince, do you even know my name?" But before I could finish, he scrambled into Lenny's lawn, not a single bit of cover around him and whipped out his duel pistols. "Lenny!" he screamed, announcing his position to the world. "I have come for my woman!" The night erupted in gunfire. Bullets danced around Vince, sprouting dirt and smoke by his feet. He fired into the air seemingly at random, but goons kept falling from buildings or clutching their hearts in slow death gurgles. I watched from the cover of the shrubbery. When it was all over and there was no more goons to kill, he did the sunglasses thing again. "Easier than stealing candy from a mob baby." --- *Fuck this shit.* I had snuck into the building. With everyone distracted by Vince, I had literally been able to walk through the back door. There wasn't even a window to climb through, just the unlocked backdoor. If Vince's sunglasses-wearing ass wouldn't be smart, I would. I found Sheryl's holding room and walked into pitch black. "Sheryl," I called, "I'm here to save you." The lights turned on, revealing a room of warm colors, rounded wood furniture, and stacked bookshelves. Sheryl sat in a chair, her mouth gagged and hands tied. In the middle of the room was a single leather chair that spun to face me. Lenny sat in it, a cigar in his mouth and cat in his lap. "We meet again, Vince's companion." he said, grinning. "You know, I have a name." "Did you not think I would be here?" He scoffed as if I was a child. "Not really," I said. "I mean, your goons are all dead and the man who can apparently see in pitch black with sunglasses on is on his way up. I would've ran if I were you. You know, cut your losses." Lenny pulled out a gun that gleamed gold beneath the lights. "Vince cannot save you this time!" I grabbed my hair. "What part of this night makes you think that you've been winning? What the hell is wrong with you people?" "Vince!" Sheryl screamed. She had apparently spit out her gag just as Vince entered the room. The power of love, right? Vince turned and locked eyes with Lenny. "Don't shoot him," he said, "it's me you want." "How perceptive, Vince!" Lenny said and pulled the trigger. I sprung up, diving out of the way. And somehow, I dived straight into Vince. The bullet hit my chest as I accidentally shielded Vince from its impact. "Nooooo," Vince screamed and ran to my side. He grabbed my head. "Don't you die. You're my best friend in this world!" "Vince," I chocked out. "What's my name?" Vince took off his sunglasses and looked me dead in the eye. "My best friend." --- --- /r/jraywang for 2+ stories a day, continuations by popular demand, and more! 