
"Solar Girl!" The police chief reveled. "Thank god you're here." Solar Girl landed and faced the chief. "What seems to be the problem Chief?" "All we know is there is some poor kid in there with a bomb strapped to him. We don't know where the detonator is or how it works, but we know it's the work of-" "Quizno." "Yeah. He's up to his old tricks." "Don't worry Chief. I know his games. Just tell your men to stand down." The Chief signaled to his men as Solar Girl lept into the air and flew onto the roof of the building. She kneeled and pressed her hands down and melted a hole in the roof just big enough to slip through. She found herself hanging from the rafters of an abandoned warehouse. A few lights dimly revealed the place, nearly empty, save for the poor high-schooler tied to a chair, a steadily-ticking device strapped to his waist. Solar Girl recognized him right away. It was Trenton. That jerk in her English class, always bragging about his escapades with the other girls at Franklin High. She held back a laugh as she noticed the tiara sitting on his head. "Quite a nice touch Quizno," she whispered to herself. "Okay. Down to business." With her thermal vision she gauged the device. "Hmm. It just ticks," she chuckled, "it's a fake." She flew down and lighted next to Trenton. He shook his head in a panic, directing her to the bomb with his eyes. Solar Girl sighed and with a wave of her hand, melted the gears in the device. The ticking stopped. She removed the duct tape from his mouth, quick and painfully, somewhat glad to get some form of payback. "Yoww! Solar girl! Thank you. You saved my life." "Don't mention it. Please." "I have to tell you a message, or else he'll still set off the bomb." She snorted, "right." "He said, meet me where this... ass-hat, plays- he made me say that. I had to say that- and sparks will really fly. But you can't be low to see it, you have to be Franklin *High*." Trenton rolled his eyes. "That freakin' nerd. What kind of name is Quizno? Quizno's is a fuckin' sandwich place." She smiled. "I think it's cute," she said and lept up into the air. "Wait! Get me out of here!" "Bye, ass-hat." She flew quickly and excitedly to the Franklin High football field, where blazing letters across it spelled out P-R-O-M-? She spotted him on a building overlooking his work and landed across from him. "Barry? From chem class? You're the infamous Quizno?" "Uhm, h-hi." 