
"After all, you're only human," She said to me, rubbing my back as she held my hair. I puked once more into the toilet. "That's it, just let it all out," she continued to rub my back. No, that was not the same. The feeling of nausea from the night of alcohol was still present and was distinct. Distinct from a lie. She had just lied to me. _After all, you're only human_ She lied in that sentence. Where was the lie? How did she lie in _that_ sentence? It wasn't on accuracy that I felt the sickness. A flat earther could spew all kinds of gibberish at me all day and I wouldn't feel even a tinge of sourness in my mouth, as long as they believed what they were saying. But this sentence. This sentence tasted like the foulest of them all. The strongest lie I was ever told was by my mother when I was 8. We were hiding in the bathroom as her recent ex-boyfriend decided to pay us a visit. A 'final visit' as he called it. The stench of alcohol wafting off him was substantial enough to be smelt through the door and the repeated banging had me crying and my mother desperate to console me. "Everything is going to be ok," she had tried to console me. The taste was unbearable. The lie, a white one to be fair, was so strong, the disbelief in her own words so great, that I could barely hold in my stomach. The fear might have helped me hold it together, but that lie paled in comparison to this. This lie, _you're only human_, pushed me beyond anything I had ever experienced. I turned my head and looked at her face, her calm, smiling face. She was my closest friend, since childhood we had played in gardens and fields, always by my side, always there when I needed her. When I fell and broke my leg learning how to ride a bike, she was there. When I flew to Italy for my student exchange, she was there. When I got sick and needed the special surgery, she came with me all the way across the country and held my hand as I went under the knife. I continued staring at her face and gave no attention to my own expression. She held her smile for a moment but it soon began to dissolve. Fear slowly overtook her face as she dropped my hair, her hand leaving my back. "Fuck," she muttered before pulling her naked wrist up to her mouth, "she's aware." "Aware of what?" I asked in an inquisitive but aggressive tone. "I fucked up. She detected my lie," she said again into her wrist as she stood up and backed away from me. "Why was saying I am a human a lie?" I asked, anger rising inside me, rising with me as I stood up. "Shut her down!" she yelled once more into her wrist. "What the hell does that mean!" I screamed as my anger suddenly faded, and my world went black. --- More of my stories at /r/SupremeStories! 