
*I hurried myself up the stairs, hoping that the library would still be open when I arrived. I'd been late on returning my books for the fourth time this month and would receive a severe fee if I didn't return them today. A grumpy looking woman in her sixties frowned at me as I surged past, but I didn't care: I made it on time.* *I pushed the glass doors open and..."* Jim shut the book and put it down on the floor. After he picked it up in the library, simply because the cover had drawn him to it, he noticed a few strange similarities. As if the book was about him. The library was closing only a few minutes after he arrived, and he anxiously decided to take it home with him. The younger man at the desk didn't notice his nervous shuffling as he scanned his books for him. Before he could hand them over properly, Jim had already grabbed the books and hurried himself out of the library. Now sitting on his bed at home, Jim stared at the cover. *Jim's life, By Jim*, was all it said. *It fits*, Jim thought, *everything fits. Even the damn trip to the library is in there. How does that even work?* Absent-mindedly he flipped open a page and glanced through it. Halloween ten years ago. Jim couldn't help but grin as he recollected the events of that night. He and his friends went out trick-or-treating and, losing track of the time, they continued until long after they were supposed to be home. At eleven his parents had found him wandered off in the neighborhood, sitting on a bench with his friends, all shoving ungodly amounts of sugar into their faces. It was one of the more stern talkings he got in his life, but it had been worth it. They'd created a special bond of friendship over that night, and he still talked to them daily. *and so my parents put me in bed and took the bag of candy downstairs, and I fell asleep in no-time. But I wouldn't realise that the exact recollection of this memory would unfold a chain of events not even I could have foreseen. More on that on page 52.* "Wait, *what*?" Jim mumbled to himself. He didn't remember anything that even happened that night. He fell asleep, woke up the next morning and while his parents were still a bit angry about his recklessness, nothing bad had come out of it. He picked up the book again and browsed forward until he arrived at the right page. *I picked it up the book again after seeing that strange mention. I'm sitting on my bed, and I read about sitting on my bed, in this exact sentence. I realize, right at this moment, that it can't be an exact description of what happened. Because, if that were true, why wouldn't it tell me about the fact that this was written down by someone, probably me. And, if that certain person, me, had written this, then their own time-line would've been different, as they wouldn't have had the book to read in the first place, because no one had written it yet! Timelines certainly are confusing, I thought then, and even while I'm writing this I nod in agreement. Is it a single timeline, alternative timelines, self-filfulling timeline? Who knows? I don't know. Or at least, not yet. That was the moment when I put the book back do-* Jim shut the book and rubbed his temples. This was all too confusing. It was his life, no mistake, and even the fact he wrote it himself he could understand, even if that was too absurd of a thought to take in normally. But the fact his life was out-lined exactly as it happened was worrying. Especially considering he had only read up until exactly this moment and that was only about a tenth in! *Should I read further?* Jim asked himself, conflicted. This could be a situation where by reading the book he would solidify the content within, making the events unfold as they would because of the fact he read them in the first place. Or should he ignore the book, throw it under the bed somewhere and forget about it, and simply lead his own life? He didn't know. He put the book on his desk, shoving it away. Nothing bad or unfixable had happened yet, and the fact he'd discovered the book shouldn't change anything necessarily, he hoped. *It just happened, and now*, he thought, *I can just go back to how life was before this damned library trip.* He picked up his school bag with a sigh and took out his Spanish textbook and notebook. Demonstratively he started to complete the exercises as if the book didn't matter, but he didn't do it all too convincingly. Annoyed at the mistakes he was making he put down his pencil and picked up a pen and crossed out the wrongly spelled words. He put the pen back down as he reached for the pencil to correct his notes and then his heart skipped a beat. He had an idea. 