
"So, umm, Mister.. Pacino? Its good to have you here" you mumble it halfheartedly as you offer the warm mug of coffee to the veteran actor now sitting in front of you in your dining room. "T-thank you kindly, missy" the old, 76 years old actor said between his jagged, shivery breath. You want to say more, to inquire him more about his sudden appearance under Tonia's pony princess bed, but he hurriedly rise the mug to his mouth and just drown the content into his throat in such robust manner, you cant help but to wait. He finished the instant coffee in one gulp, slam it rather hardily into your table, and let out a long drawn "aaahhh". "So I was saying-" "So you were saying-" "-Im sorry," "No, no, my bad. Go ahead, miss" he said with a slight grandfatherly smile. "I guess, what I want to know the most right now is, what brings you under my daughter's bed?" He seemed perplexed and embarassed. He rise his old, withery finger that is still shaking due to the cold and scratch his rugged chin, "Its..quite simple, really" "Really?" "Yes, really," he now placed his scratching fingers to the back of his neck, "I was struck in the snowstorm outside, and went out of my car for help. Walk a dozen feet to reach your home, only to crash through your basement window and slide right in" His expression is mixed, as if he's either wants to laugh or cry acknowledging it "I can hear the shuffling of your feet upstairs due to the sound I make, and my first insticnt was to hid inside the very next room I see next to me" "The one that happens to be my daughter's bedroom?" "To be quite honest, even in my split seconds decision, I was questioning who would paint their basement storage's door..pink" You chuckles, "Tonia always wants to be a geologist ever since she can speak that word, so she wont bug until we agree to move her bedroom into the basement" "Well, I guess thats that" He nods away with understanding "But still, a big name actor like you, driving alone in this very weather?" you find it hard to belief, and from the way he was admitting it, he found it rather hard to belief as well. He shrugs, "Oh please, my newest getaway mansion is just a couple miles ahead of this place, miss.. Im sorry, I dont think I've caught your name," "Abbott. Chairlee Abbott" "Ah yes, Miss Abbott. Well, to be frank, besides that, even an old dog like me knows that he isnt as big as he was back then. So I keep saying to myself that a couple of drive down the lanes around wont hurt anybody." Even his eyes looked hurt, but he hid it quite well. You decided to humour him. "Well, even here in England, thousands of miles and miles away from Hollywood, I still recognise you, Mr. Pacino" He smiles and nods to your compliment. Then he acted like he wants to take another sip of his coffee, only realizing halfway through the motion that the mug was empty. He opted to drum his rising fingers into the table in a rhytmic manner. "I can make you another one if you are that cold, or even lend you our bathroom" "That would be lovely, Miss Abbott." He sheepishly smiled. "But I think I'd just ask to borrow your phone for now" "Oh, thats fine" you replied as you whisk your phone away from one of the top drawers. 