
"Have you heard what people have been saying about you?" Matt asked as we packed up our books at the end of the lecture. I wasn't sure what the hell he was talking about, people didn't 'discuss' me at all. I lived off campus, I might as well have been a ghost. "No?" I suggested. "Hey do you think I can tell my tutorial leader that I was sick or is he going to notice I was at this class because of the-" I pointed at my newly minted pink hair instead of talking. "They're saying you're different," Matt continued like I hadn't just asked a question. "At least they're saying something," I commented. "That you've changed," he marched on with his little speech, he wasn't even trying to put his books into his bag anymore. Didn't he have a lecture after this? He ran out of class most days. "My hair?" I suggested. "That you're-" Matt trailed off as I waved a hand in front of his face. "Are you okay?" I asked him and he continued to stare off into the distance as people filed out of the classroom. A lot of them were staring at us, but that made sense, Matt was frozen. "Prota," the professor had snuck up on me while I was waving at Matt's statue, and he'd used my stupid first name. There was a reason I went by my middle name even though it wasn't much better. "I don't know what's going on here professor," I said, "he's just stuck like-" "There isn't time for that," Prof. Curran said as he wrapped gnarled fingers around my shoulder, "I don't have much time, and I must teach you." "Did I not do well on the test?" I asked as Prof. Curran pulled me away from my friend who was still frozen in place in the middle of saying what people were saying about me. "I must teach you child, I must show you," he said as he dragged me out to the hallway and toward the elevator that led to his office. "You know I'm not really an office hours person," I said, "I don't wanna waste your time and that's what tutorial leaders are for so I think I'll just-" the elevator doors closed behind us and cut off my chance to back out of this. "You must listen to me child, everything I'm about to say is paramount and there isn't much time before they figure out I've been speaking to you." "You're my Professor, why would that be a problem?" "You see, I was once like you, innocent, but now I know and I know that you know that you now know what I speak of." "Uh....No?" I answered. "Yes, deception will be your guide," Prof. Curran said as the elevator doors opened on the teachers floor, "quickly to my office, I have something I need to show you." Oh God this had better not be a sex thing. /r/jacksonwrites 