
The air was heavy and thick with the stench of mold. I really need to get a contractor out here before my house collapses. I crawled my way past mounds of dirt saturated with bug spray. Hey, at least it keeps the spiders away. Moving forward I saw a peculiar light ahead. The unmistakable warmth and flickering of fire illuminated the ceiling from behind the hill in front of me. At first I thought my house had caught fire, but the light was too weak. I made my way over the mound to find... a shrine? My picture lay flat against a support pillar, surrounded by several socks and other missing trinkets from my house. Two small candles illuminated the area in a warm and solemn glow. I stared at the scene, bewildered at its existence. Was some creep living under my house? As if to answer my thoughts a black figure moved from the shadows beyond the firelight. A small mouse with stained brown hair moved forward in front of the shrine. He seemed to almost... bow to me. "Hey little guy." His head snapped up to meet my eyes, as if he was startled by my voice. "You have heard the call" I jumped, hitting my head on a metal pipe. "What the fuck?" I was in a state of confusion and panic. It must be carbon monoxide poisoning, or... "You have heard my call great one. I as- , I *humbly* ask for a favor for one of your disciples." I stared at the mouse. "You're... you're talking?" "Yes. I am breaking many rules by directly addressing a god of old. Too many times have our kind been hunted by you. But our colony is in great da-" "You mean there's more of you???" I felt as if I was going to faint. "What the fuck is going on" "I- I am sorry if I have angered you, great one. I will leave your presence, if you please." I thought for a minute, the mouse staring at me. I wasn't crazy, was I? Hallucinations don't feel this real... "What, uh, what can I do for you?" He stepped side to side in giddy excitement. "The prophecy is being fulfilled, great one. A prophecy written by a god long passed from this plane. The birds have become sentient. They hunt our scavenging parties and destroy our homes." I stared intently at him, and he stared back with solemn eyes. "The prophecy foretells of a Great War. The great awakening. The creatures that scuttle across the ground in darkness will soon see the light, as has been predicted for generations. The birds were not the last to be awakened. We ask for your alliance in defending our home. To offer refuge against them in the coming fight. Your kind has been awakened longer than any, and your powers are unmatched." I thought for a minute. "So, how can I aid you in this fight?" "So you have accepted?" I chuckled and sighed. "Uh, yeah?" He made a squeak of excitement and turned around to the shrine. He picked up a small horn-like trinket and put it to his mouth. A small, almost imperceptible noise emitted from it. His eyes darted around the void beyond the light. Slowly the blackness swirled as hundreds of mice marched slowly out of the darkness. They each carried a small spear in one hand and a shield made of wood in the other. My mouth was agape in amazement. The original mouse turned around to face me as other mice donned him in armor made of tinfoil and bottle caps. He grabbed an axe made from a razor blade fixed to a stick from another mouse. He stood proudly, satisfied with his newfound alliance. "We are at your command, great one. What would you have your disciples do?" 