
The world is dead. It beats a hum I don't understand. People go about their day, talking, frolicking, and dating with not a care. Yet I flop and flounder, stumbling down the city main street amongst a chorus of foreign words. The language is endless, it's punctuated with laughter and some of it is sealed in leather so that words leave lashings. My heart races. The city is dangerous, no longer a curious maze of alleyways, but now a place to be about your wits. I tap a young woman on the shoulder. "Do you speak English?" She steps back, her eyes become wide and then narrow into snake-like slits. "*Leve me lo!*" she says. Her dress twirls in a whirlwind of black, and then she's off, down the street like an angry black cloud in a storm. I bite my lip. No one understands me. It's strange, being surrounded by bustling people yet feeling like you're standing on a cliff top. They'll only react when I jump. I search for someone walking my way. People snicker or drift past, the action is one in the same. A woman in yellow walks a little closer than the others. There's something about her blue hair, the piercing on her chin, and the way her green eyes look like the light is dancing in them. "Help me, please," I say. The woman's footsteps clutter across the concrete to a final stop. Her eyes are wide too, even more so than the previous lady, but it's not fear that fills them, instead, I can tell I've shocked her, given a jolt to what was a fine-tuned system on autopilot. "Do you understand me?" The words leave my mouth like a wish more than a question. She gives a sad smile. "More than you can imagine." I let out a shaky sigh. "Finally. Everyone's speaking all wrong, they're not talking like me." "What was it that you needed to talk about?" I search for the answer, but in truth, I don't know. It could have been the weather, maybe the traffic, whatever it was, it hadn't mattered as much as talking. "Have you eaten today?" she asks. My stomach grumbles and I place a palm over it. The woman chuckles. My remaining hand shoots up to cover my face. Each fingertip traces the soot and dirt that is stuck there. "I'm sorry," I say. The woman doesn't respond, she watches. And in the space, I listen, people walk past and still their words don't make any sense, their unrelenting haste is even more puzzling, but not as much as the anger that crosses their features when disturbed. "Let's get you something hot and a bagel." The woman in the yellow dress holds out a hand. I reach up and grab it, and for the first time that day it's something I can understand. 