
"It's like Groundhog Day. But then, instead of repeating every day, I'm reliving my life over and over again. Could you even imagine what that's like? And I start at the worst possible time in my life too. I'm way too old to act like teenage angst. You know you aren't even able to communicate properly after a while? I've seen a wife and sometimes kids die ten, twenty, thirty times. I've intentionally *ignored* my wife so I could spare myself seeing her die again. You think someone like me has time to listen to the average dribble of daily life? No. Quite frankly I'm sick of it." Jacob crossed his arms, drawing a deep breath after the tirade he just finished. The man across him stared at the clipboard in front of him, carefully finishing his last few notes. "What are--," Jacob started again, but the man interrupted him by holding up his index finger. With a deep sigh, Jacob leaned back on the leather couch. "Right," the man across him said, carefully clearing his throat. "So what do you want from me?" Jacob laughed. "I mean, your type generally tries to offer some council." The psychiatrist smiled back. "I feel like that would be pointless. I won't pretend to have the insight to make you happy again. No, I'm wondering about what it is *you* want." "I want it to end," Jacob replied, instantly. "By all accounts I've lived over a good five thousand years, so you can spare me that concerned look. I've lived so much I'm sick of it. Going to bed and not waking up seems like a highly underrated experience." "Of course the people who consider that a less pleasent experience don't get another go," the psychiatrist retorted. "Sure. But you know what the biggest problem is? None of it *matters*. I lived for myself, I lived for my country, I did just about everything someone could expect from a person. I started wars, stopped them, invented medicine, saved children across the world, became rich and just about everything else. You'd think you'd be content with leaving behind a better world. But I don't. I just go back and have to do it over again. It's not like that Tom Cruise movie, where there's an endgame. I'll just go on forever and forever and forever." "Until you don't, of course." Jacob frowned. "What do you mean?" The psychiatrist smiled. "You're not going to tell me you've never wondered about why *you*, of all people in the world, have the ability to do it all over? Nothing that exists in our current knowledge would lead us to believe that's even possible. Honestly I don't think we will ever theorize this phenomenon to actually exist, let alone discover a way to do it. So that leads me to ask this question." And he slowly turned around the clipboard. Underneath some scribbles stood a question: "Who or what did this?" Jacob repeatedly tapped his fingers on the couch in the silence that followed. "Of course I've thought about it," he started, frowning as he tried to mold his thoughts into words. "But I don't know more than I did before." The psychiatrist checked his watch and stood up. "It's been 5PM for a while now, I think we've enough for today. Jacob, haven't you ever wondered what *the* purpose is. Not your purpose, specifically, but the purpose of that fact you're reviving at a point in time? What's the point in that?" Jacob shrugged. "I feel like you should direct more of your attention to that. Something or someone put you up to this, and I can't imagine they're just letting you fool around forever. And even if they do, I'm sure they're checking up on you. Somehow. You're telling me you've never spotted a strange consistency despite your surroundings changing massively every time?" "Nothing that I can think of right away, at least." Jacob stood up and shook the psychiatrist's hand. "Food for thought, then. I'll see you next week, Jacob." Outside, Jacob zipped up his jacket all the way to his neck, protecting him from the cold wind. He hadn't gotten his driver's license yet this time around, so he'd just walk home. The snow crunched under his feet as he made his way home. Mr. Rekam, the friendly neighbor living across their house, waved as Jacob came home. He'd always done that, and as Jacob opened the door he waved back without a second thought. "How was school today?", his mom asked as he dropped his bag in the hallway. "Great mom, loads of homework though - I'll be down for dinner," Jacob replied as he walked up the stairs. He closed the door behind him and laid down on his bed. "Now, what about those consistencies," Jacob mumbled, as he started to reflect on his previous lives. 