
I freeze on the back porch, staring at my past selves. The younger one turns six today, and the older is exactly twelve. He has to be. He's playing with the skateboard I got for my twelfth birthday and disappeared from my locker at school well before my thirteenth. I try to back into the house, but the old porch slats creak--I used to know the loud spots, but I have not snuck out of my childhood home in years--and the younger me's head snaps up. He looks at me like I'm another random adult. "Who are you?" he asks, accusingly. Apparently I was confident enough at that age to accost absolute strangers. Now the older one looks up and he blanches. He understands. I stop wondering who is visiting whom and begin wondering instead why I don't remember when I first slipped through time, not today but two decades ago, sometime before some asshole stole my board. "I know him," older me says. He slams his foot onto the end of his skateboard and catches it with a grim finality. "He's us." "No." Younger me's little brow furrows in confusion. "We're us. You and me." "And him too." He drops a toy dinosaur I didn't notice him holding. "Be right back." Older me walks over, a little awkwardly. He is still mastering that teenage saunter. He'll get it. Give him four-ish years, but he'll get it. But he keeps walking past me, toward the old tool shed, which used to be our--well, for one of us, still *is*--a secret fort. "Let's go inside," he says, coolly. He nods his head toward younger-me, as if to imply that this conversation was not intended for innocent audiences. I follow. Younger me's toys are strewn everywhere. We pick through them to get to the pair of sawdusty bean bags. Older me flops down like he belongs. I sink in, awkwardly, already feeling how this shit is hurting my back, but I don't want my younger self to scoff at what an adult I'd let myself become. "What are you doing here?" he demands. "I was fixing to ask you the same." Older me looks at me suspiciously. Like I've come to bust him and now I'm just playing some kind of mind game, toying with my prey. (No, little me, the vague paranoia never really leaves you; our mother damaged both of us in that way.) Finally, he ventures, "You first." "Ah. Okay." I look at my knees. I don't know exactly what to say. "I was testing what I believed to be the world's first quantum teleportation machine. But it appears I only figured out how to move through time." I smile before I can stop myself. I do not need to burden twelve-year-old me with the knowledge that he will still be living with his father at thirty-five, pouring every last dime he has into an insane, infeasible project strutted up on shaky physics, one which everyone told him again and again would fail. And it kind of did. But I hesitate to call this a failure. I feel as if I have pulled a loose thread and unwoven the entire thing. It's not what it was but it's new. I don't know yet if it's better. He scowls. Annoyed. "I already know *that*." "What?" "You said you wouldn't come back." I pause, taking in this information. I look up and see a spider spooling a web in the rafters. "I've been here before?" "*Yeah*, but you were old as dicks." "Really? Do I lose my hair?" Older me wrinkles his nose. "That's the question you want to ask?" "Yes. No." I grip the hair at my temples and pull hard, thinking. "What did I say, last time I was here?" "You said we need to minimize contact with each other. Not break the space-time continuum. You gave me this--" he shows me some glowing wrist contraption that I don't get a good look at before he pulls down his sleeve "--and told me I could do what I needed, but I had to be safe. Follow the rules, you know." I look pointedly at the door. "You don't seem to be doing that." "I don't usually talk to him. He just saw me. He won't remember. I'll do it over." Older me hugged his knees to his chest. I don't press for details. I know he always wanted a little brother. Instead, I say, "Usually. Do you come back to this time a lot?" "This day." "Why?" "Same reason you probably picked this day." He pins an empty smile on me that makes my stomach ache with familiar sorrow. "She'll be coming home with the cake soon. There's another four hours after that before she leaves." I rise, anxious. I need to move. To get air to my brain before I say something I can't take back. I look out the window and see younger me digging holes with his tractor, alone. "This must be when dad is still asleep, then." I remember being so angry my father had the gall to sleep through any daytime portion of my birthday. Older me nods. We both know our sixth birthday very well. It's the same day she took her purse and a little bag and claimed she needed to return something to the mall and get batteries for my new talking Transformer. And then we never saw her again. I look at him. "How many times have you been here?" "I don't know. At least a hundred." I smile. "Well, at least this time you won't be watching it all alone." For the first time, older me smiles. He jumps up to join me at the window. We watch together for the last fleeting sight of our mother. *** /r/shoringupfragments 