
"What the hell are you doing," screamed the ambassador from the Murlox Cluster. The human dignitaries, hospital staff, and patients stood stiff with shock and almost all eyes flicked to the pigeon sized floating translation drone at the new ambassador's shoulder. After a barely perceivable pause it monotoned the correct translation. The Embassy's Chief Scientific Advisor, and the first secretary hurried to the side of their new master and urgently tried to explain the reality of how humans dealt with wounds and health problems again. All as the Earth's chief health minister stood looking bored beside the newly arrived (and now incensed) 8ft hirsute anthropodic alpha male, Ambassador. Minister Thulis pinched his nose and took a deep breath. Why did these people never brief the newcomers and just leave it up to the people of Earth to justify compassion as a basic concept. He turned to the senior journalist who'd come along from the vid cast companies. "Please tell me this is getting old for you too," he asked smiling resignedly as the off worlders frantically tried to explain to the terrifyingly powerful creature that it didn't need to make a formal protest or rip the arms off of the humans in green robes. All disturbingly enunciated in perfect Terran-Universal-Basic by the translator Alexandria Durrell's camera drones were already returning to her backpack. "They wouldn't even save the report for archive footage. I think after twelve times in as many years, we're all fairly okay with being the only species yet encountered that actually bothers to look after the injured or sick. Why do they still make you do the tour?" Thulis shrugged. "Hope, I think," he said to her already retreating figure. As the translator drone stuttered and struggled to translate everything being hissed, whispered and begged by the off worlders, Thulis waved over the startled nurse who had been removing the broken toe nail from the middle aged woman in the minor injuries clinic. He reassured her that she was in no danger, and that they were completely safe from the furious off worlder who was now storming around the room trying to wrap its co dependent brains around the concept of universal health care, and cleaning wounds. "I thought they were kidding about how they reacted," she said through clenched teeth. "Count yourself lucky you weren't there when the last ambassador was introduced to the concept of a kidney transplant," Thulis muttered. She went back to her terrified patient and checked on the bandage she'd hastily applied over the toe. Not everyone was made to take being screamed at in banshee like tones by an 8ft "Alien". The off worlders had hated the word apparently and off worlders was the latest attempt in a long list of phrases to please them but Thulis was convinced that more displays like this and the human race would definitely revert to the word best used to describe something other than themselves. Or maybe not leaving people to die from an infected paper cut makes us alien, he mused to himself. //////// Edit: First attempt here, hope I've not done too badly, cheers for reading 