
What's special about me? Nothing. That's not *actually* a bad thing, not really. It's like those days when you say you're "doing nothing", and it actually means you have carefully planned to not do a single thing, and this does not mean you're "free". See, everyone else is so caught up in their own heads, struggling with their abilities, trying to find their tribe. Are they a villain, or a hero? And if they are a hero, what type of hero? Then they see me. The Balancing Point. There they are, with all their abilities, their tribes on either side of the scale, and I'm standing there, precisely in the middle of No Man's Land, the exact middle of nowhere, able to tilt the power one way or another. And so they try to push me, to pull me. The Heroes tried to give me powers from the moment I was born. My mother's a Hero. Nothing fancy, just a regular Un-Seen. She started sneaking me into the baby wards and would rub me on the other, powered kids, expecting me to catch their powers like chickenpox. The ones with lightning for eyebrows, toes like flippers, the few hovering three feet above their cribs. Nothing stuck. Eventually, she got caught, by a SightMaker, one who could see the Un-Seen. And that's when it all started, and I got passed around more than the Presidency, shown to the whole Hero crowd. I was a curiosity, in need of 'saving'. But I don't see why powers are so great. They cause so much tension, so much difficulty. I met this one kid, once, who had the power all five year olds dream of: sweet manifestation. He had no teeth left at all, and every time he cried, lollipops grew in the front lawn like trees. His parents joked that they needed to wear beekeeper suits to change his nappies. I went there. I saw his toilet, streaked with honey, and I had to fight through the swarm of bugs to get in and out. I hoped all night that night, that I didn't wake up on a bed of liquorice. Then there's the Villains. I don't know. Maybe they're the real heroes here. There are a few purists, who think that powers should be for the few not the many, and then the radicals, who want a complete abolition of powers. As soon as they heard about me they tried to grab me, to work out why I was special, how I was special. To try and replicate it, take powers away. One of them took me to a time before this, or projected it into my mind. I stopped listening after I saw the Eiffel Tower without the teleportation tubes round it. It looked beautiful, so calm and peaceful, with clear skies and no burrowing mines. And then I was slapped back to reality. All they want is to bring that time back. It's a fool's dream, but maybe it wouldn't be so bad. But I'm just sitting here, writing. The Heroes have me right now. They're beginning to lose interest in me. Some have said that I'm not normal, and should never have been born. Others still think of me as something utterly fascinating. Today, I'll probably shake a few hands, corporeal, incorporeal, and the squidgy in-between things. Kiss a dozen babies, then move on. It's an exhausting racket. Meanwhile, I'm sitting here, just writing. Tomorrow, I'll meet with the Villains, and will probably try to seek sanctuary somehow. But I'll have to do it quietly, and only with the people I trust. And meanwhile, I'm sitting here, writing a letter to my unborn child. Gods, I hope you don't have any powers in there. 