
The portal stood high atop the wind-ripped clifftops. It's shimmering, inky darkness loomed out like a menacing glare. Behind the portal, a soft yellow glow cast a sickly hue on the black rock, and in front, a swirling crimson smoke danced at the feet of the necromancer. He took one last look around his broken world and stepped to worlds beyond. Malax didn't particularly enjoy the sensation of being ripped apart. Unwritten. The portal's dark ichor covered him like a blanket of fire; a blinding, searing pain rushed through him and clouded his mind. He bit down on his tongue so hard it split and bled. He cowered, letting the magic course through him. Like chewed up gristle, the portal spat him out. He tumbled into a dimly lit chamber and smacked his head against the polished concrete floor. An acid scent, caustic and chemical, burned his nose. He winced. Struggling against the pain, he rose to his feet and began to laugh. Everywhere around him was full of life. Sweet life, the signs of works made by men with clever hands and careful eyes: Smooth paintings displayed on walls, Careful statues and vivid depictions of wild, alien scenes, bones of mighty beasts long dead but not forgotten. Alarms blared overhead. Malax turned on his heels. His boots clunked heavy against the floor as he found the source of the noise--a magical box on the wall. He glanced briefly at the door and willed the magic inside him. A mighty beast stood nearby. Large scutes like sails rose from it's back. Bones like lances stuck out from the tip of its tail--this was a beast of pure destruction! "By the powers that make me, I command you, rise!" he said, eyes glowing red with dark fire. The beast did nothing. Malax frowned. This had never happened before. He walked towards the head of the creature--the plaque named him dark lord *'Stegosaurus'*--and placed his palm against the cold bone. "By the powers that command me!" No response. He rapped his knuckles against the bone. It echoed. With a cursing realization, his eyes widened, and his heart sunk. This was no mighty god, merely a fake mockery of its image! Malax clenched his fists and spun towards the door, cape billowing behind him. The alarms still blared from the magic box. The doors burst open. Two guards rushed in. The first wielded an extraordinary weapon--a wand that summoned threads of lightning--and aimed it directly at Malax. "Get on your knees!" he said. "I am the dark vengeance of a thousand suns, the creator of death, the master of power incarnate"--Malax rose in the air from the building power of his spell--"I am the night and the wind of fury, the storm's vengeance and the harbinger of woe!" The Taser hit Malax square in the chest. He dropped like a flopping flounder and seized on the ground. Thousands of volts rushed through him, searing the magic inside him, burning a hole in his connection to the afterlife. Malax's eyes widened as his vision faded to black. The second guard walked towards the smoking, unconscious body. She bent down and touched the cuff of Malax's boot, sniffed his torso, and felt his faint, steady pulse. She reached for the mic on her shoulder. "We've caught another one," she said. A dark, robotic voice answered through the radio, "the master will be pleased!" The two guards dragged Malax's body through the doorway, towards the emergency stairwell and the hidden dungeon that lay beyond. Another dark necromancer. Another test subject. &#x200B; *** See more dead ideas come to life at r/BLT_WITH_RANCH 