
I started heading out when I heard the voice in my head say, "You may want to put on your best runners." "Best runners?" I thought. "I'm not really in the mood for running. I think I'll just watch TV instead." I turned to go back into the living room but the voice spoke again: "It would be unfavourable to turn back." That was a bit unsettling. Usually, I only heard from the voice every few hours and now it had spoken to me twice in the space of a minute. Thinking this must be something important, I dutifully put on my running shoes and headed out the door. I walked down the street, unsure whether I should be running or not. It was night and there was no one else around. A car passed me, then the street was quiet again. I kept walking. I didn't know where the voice wanted me to go exactly so I decided to walk towards the city centre. I couldn't really think straight. All I knew was that something important was going to happen. I looked up at the stars and that's when I saw it. A glint in the sky. Something that shouldn't be there. It was brighter than a star and it seemed to be getting bigger. Then I remembered the words in my head. "You may want to put on your best runners." So that's when I started running. I'm not much of a runner, but let me tell you, that night I ran faster than I've ever done before. At first, every few seconds I'd turn to look up at the sky, and the object was always a little bigger. It seemed to be falling towards the Earth. After that, I only glanced back every minute or so. I didn't think about stopping. The terror made me forget about fatigue or tiredness. I ran full sprint for what seemed like miles. I ran past houses and down streets. Lights were coming on in the windows now and people were coming outside to look at the sky. I glanced over my shoulder and up at the sky again. It was only a brief glance. That's all I could afford. The object was much bigger now. People were pointing and shouting. And other people were running too now. Some were clutching children. I saw a mother holding a baby. She tripped on the sidewalk and when the baby hit the ground, it stopped crying. I had tears in my eyes and I wanted to stop to help but I knew that I had to keep running no matter what. I had to keep running. People were screaming now. I ran past them all the same. My lungs hurt and my legs ached and tears stung my eyes, but still I ran. All around me were screams. I looked at the sky one last time and I wished I hadn't. For a moment I saw it - it had two eyes and a mouth - but that's all I had time to see because the next moment there was a blinding white light as the object hit the ground. A shockwave sent me flying headfirst into the pavement. I lay on the street in a fetal position with my eyes closed for what seemed like forever, while tinnitus rang in my ears. There was the smell of dust and rubble. When I eventually opened my eyes, I couldn't see at first because there was too much dust on my face. I rubbed at my eyes to get rid of it, but I was just rubbing more dust into them. "It might be advantageous to pretend to be dead," said the voice in my head. I froze. Then the voice added, "It's coming." 