
Blood gushed from Calais's neck, running down the stone altar in a crimson stream. It stung a little, as slit necks often do, but what bothered Calais was the leech stuck to the bottom of his foot. Good cultists *cleaned* their sacrifices. Calais had lived with humans long enough to know they were a nasty bunch, but not even they ate bug festered food. Calais would have shaken his head if he wasn't pretending to be dead. Bowing in front of the altar, rows of masked cultists knelt prostrated, chanting in ancient Greek. Calais had to commend them for that. One of the tragedies of society, he thought, was the loss of cultural roots under the crooked guise of "modernization". Or the equally unscrupulous "globalization". Calais didn't mind a good human sacrifice. It was old fashioned. Made him feel at home. He didn't mind being the one on the altar either; one had to do their part for society after all. Besides, when you lived as long as he did, you were bound to be picked for the role once or twice. "We beseech you, Bacchus," the cultist in the gaudiest robes said, "drink this mortal wine and bless us with your presence!" Calais sat up. Blood flowed down his chest like a vestment. "Wait a minute. Bacchus?" Chanting turned to silence then to murmurs, as the room of shocked cultists stared at the bloody man on the altar. Through his goat horned mask, the head cultist glared at the one holding the knife. The knife cultist shrank into his robes. "Wait, wait, wait," Calais continued, ignoring the growing whispers, "is this...The Cult of the Horny Goats?" The head cultist yanked the knife from the hand of his subordinate. "Yes," he sighed, storming up the altar's steps, "now get back down." Calais held a hand up. "Hold on, aren't you guys meant to, you know. Sacrifice goats? Like your namesake?" Some of the cultists in the outer rows muttered amongst themselves, hoods nodding. "I thought this was a sex thing," one whispered. The head cultist silenced them with a glare from the slitted eyes of his mask. "Nonsense. Bacchus is a vegetarian. He doesn't need goats." "Yeah that's kinda the joke... Look I don't want to usurp your leadership or anything, but I'm telling you, Bacchus isn't really into this sort of thing. He's a bud, I'd know." The head cultist pushed Calais down and stabbed him in the heart. He sprinkled in a few stabs to the gut for good measure. Trundling down the stairs with a huff, he resumed the prostrated chanting. After a few bewildered glances, the other cultists knelt to do the same. Calais sat up again, blood cascading like waterfalls from his new orifices. "And mortal wine? What is this? The Hades Cult?" The cultists burst into chatter and the head cultist's ears burned like a turnip. "Who brought this guy?!" he thundered. "Sorry, sorry." Calais said, "Your house your rules. I'll die now. Blergh." He collapsed onto the altar and stuck his tongue out, doing his best to suppress his grin. He couldn't wait to tell Bacchus. r/bobotheturtle 