
"... I was stealing an ORANGE," Dr. Bad Things said. "A single orange." Commissioner Gordon ran his hand through his mustache, thoughtful. "I see..." "He broke six bones in my body and gave me a concussion. The doctors say I might never see out of my right eye again!" "Well, you did commit a crime, Dr. Bad Things... small or large, a crime is still a crime, regardless of -" "Then call the cops!" Dr. Bad Things said. "Put me in front of a judge! Give me jail time, read me my Miranda rights! What kind of fucked up system do you guys have here where if you commit a crime a billionaire dressed as a big bat shows up and beats the shit out of you!?" "Now, now, Batman's the best thing that ever happened to Gotham City. Crime has never been lower, we -" "He's a dystopian capitalist nightmare!" Dr. Bad Things said. "Did you know he put Johnson in the hospital last night?!" "Johnson?" "James Johnson, who was stealing food from the convenience store to feed his kids. *He works for Wayne Enterprises*! And he doesn't get paid enough to support his family, so he was forced into a life of crime. I don't know if you're aware of this, but crime is largely a reflection of social inequality and lack of education and opportunity, not personal character. There's a reason why places with bad distribution of wealth tend to also have higher rates of violence and crime. It's not because more people suck there, it's because they don't have access to opportunities and education because of the machinations of an oppressive ruling class hoarding wealth." "Well, now, that's just crazy commie talk, I don't -" "You know, places where a fucking gigantic company runs the entire city and billionaires can have flying cars and secret caves and mansions while the population is left to rot?" "Really, that's stretching reason a bit, don't you -" "You have Wayne Enterprises, this company that pretty much owns everything in town, this guy who *inherited* the company from his father - which, might I add, is totally against the concept of meritocracy that you conservatives love to defend - and he's underpaying his employees, not letting them unionize, not giving them benefits..." "Wayne Enterprises works within the boundaries of the law when it comes to -" "... and then when the employees of that company are forced into a life of crime in order to survive, the fucking CEO of the company shows up -" "Think you're overreacting a bit -" "...DRESSED AS A MANBAT..." "--Bruce is philanthropist, he's given a lot of money to --" "... and BEATS THE SHIT OUT OF THEM! WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH THIS TOWN!?" Dr. Bad Things paused. "No wonder people are walking around dressed like clowns all over the place. Jesus." A silence filled the room. Dr. Bad Things leaned back on the chair, breathing hard. Commissioner Gordon scratched his head. "I see your point..." he said, slowly. "So you're saying no more Batman?" "Yes, please! No more Batman! Just... due process and law and order as defined by the constitution!" Dr. Bad Things shook his head. "I mean a single orange, for Christ's sake's, that's all I was stealing..." "All right. I hear you. I'll talk to Batman and see what I can do." "Okay... now, if you excuse me, I have to move my car, I think my parking meter ran out like ten minutes a -" And he never finished the sentence because Batman crashed into the room through the window and broke another eight bones in his body for the parking violation, because Gotham City is a nightmare and superhero stories are all dumb. /r/psycho_alpaca 