
Foolish is the word one would say to describe me. Most assume that word can only have negative associations with it, but to me it is a word that is carried by much nicer ones. Words like "Dreamer" or "Determined". Either way, being a 35 year old man with no wife or children, its hard to call yourself a success in life. I was going to prove all the nay sayers in my life wrong. Maybe I couldn't finish college, maybe I couldn't hold a job for more than a year or two, it may be possible that I was suckered into one or two "Get rich quick" scams. But that night was going to be the night! Poor little Tim Perkins was going to finally accomplish something, something that all would be forced to take notice of! Or that's what I thought atleast. It was a shock really, I didn't expect the hand to grab my shoulder at the last second. Shit, I almost fell off the side rail when I turned around to see what baffoon was going to stop me from accomplishing my last wish. Yet to this day I'm glad I failed once again, because that idiot who stopped me was Sarah Trimmer. A sleek and beautiful woman, standing 5 foot 10 inches she was almost as tall as me. Yet the way she carried herself, you'd think she was as small as a shrew. So nimble and fragile, careful not to be noticed by anyone. But once you did spot her, it was hard to take your eyes off her. Its been over a year and I still haven't stopped going into a primative state when we are alone together, dumbfounded by her character alone. None of that mattered now, how she saved me. How she believed in my foolish dreams. The man I thought I built myself to become. The water is up to my chest now. Im so cold and alone. Its been been a month since Sarah disappeared. That was the first clue, gone without a trace. Not a single lead for law enforcment to go off of. For a solid two weeks I was so grief striken, I never took notice of the oddities going around me. How the wind got stronger and stronger everyday. How the temperature outside was constantly 50degF even though it was the middle of June. It wasn't until I finally decided to drag myself to the outside world that I realized things were going a little different than normal. I know I've been losing track of time since Sarah left. But my watch and phone surely should have not. It was 2pm yet pitch black outside. No stars or moon in the sky, just darkness. People still went on as usual, like it was a bright sunny summer day. Next came the random strangers stopping to ask me "Why did you do this?" or "You couldn't of been happy?". I thought I was going mad, losing what little sanity I had left. I boarded myself inside, this chaos had to stop eventually. Soon the TV even stopped working, then the lights flickered on and off before they finally went dark. The last thing to come was the water. First a trickle, then a steady stream, and at last a roaring rapid. Slowly filling up what was left of my house. I knew this was it. This was the end. No more Sarah, no more happy days. At the same time, no more pain, no more ridicule. I drew my last breath and plunged into the depths. All I could feel now was warmth, and off in the distance a glowing light. This may have all been a dream, but I now know, Tim Perkins was successful at something. Edit: This is my first attempt at doing creative writting since highschool, so 7 years. Sorry for any grammatical errors or bad writing. Just want to give it a shot again. 