
So I'm walking down the pavement pretending not to notice the homeless people, you know how it is. I'm not pretending not to notice them because I'm unsympathetic, I'm pretending not to notice them because I don't want to give them a false sense of hope, or to experience the awkwardness where I have to explain I don't have any money to give them, but without saying "I *don't* have any change" and it coming off like I'm exasperated by their constant demands. That's me in a nutshell now. Not a villain, but not a hero either. Just an average, mediocre asshole. But things used to be different. Oh, they used to be different. And behind one of these beards I'm pretending not to look at is a face I can't pretend not to have seen. Without meaning to, I stop and point at the guy, his name forming on my lips. Funny enough, he does the same thing. Raises his hand and bobs his head up and down like an ape. "S-s-Superguy?" "Badman? Bad-Badman Trouble?" Freeze frame. Now we're about to suddenly realize how awkward this situation is. Back when he was in his twenties and he had abs and a spandex suit in which to show them off, this guy foiled my scheme to take over New Yeovil with a horde of genetically-modified old people, conned into doing my bidding after they had to pawn their china and sell their dogs to pay for my amazingly unregulated pyramid scheme. After an epic fight at the top of a clock tower (you can imagine the puns already: "it's time for justice"; "this time, the bell is tolling for you, Badman" etc.) he impaled my associate, Mr Fingers, on the second hand and encased me in a web of his non-copyright infringing Supergoo. The police carted me away to be removed from his tacky net with a special saw, and Superguy just vanished into the horizon, swinging from building to building like definitely no superhero you have ever seen before. Although the situation was incredibly awkward, it was also obvious to both of us that something had changed. I had changed my modified motorbike suit and goth makeup for a sensible shirt and trousers, and a tie the colour of your momma's wall paper; he was...well, he was shaking a dunkin' doughnuts cup at passers by and sleeping in a bin with a dog with one eye. He spoke first, and he slurred his words. "Whaddya doing here, Badman. I never thought I'd see you again since I vanquished you at the top of Time Tower. Bu' now the city calls out for someone to do their duty. An' my duty's the one I'm gonna do. No, wait." He steadied himself against the wall and carefully balanced a beer can one third full on the ground. Beneath his ragged overcoat, I could see that he was still wearing a shirt with the distinctive (but completely legal) Superguy "S" emblazoned in yellow and green. "The city needed a hero," he said, concentrating, "but I didn't need a city. No, wait a minute. Wait! I'mma get it. I heard the sound of danger knocking, and I said: there is no door in this whole city can stop the feet of justice. Is that it?" I smiled awkwardly at him, and with a disheartened "Fuck it" he sank back to ground level. "Anyway," he said, "Where you been?" "Well," I said, dissimulating a glance at my watch with a gentle cough, "I was in prison for a decade, thanks to you. I took a lot of classes, I found Buddha, I did quite a lot of push-ups, I lost Buddha again, I made a couple of friends who wanted to turn a corner... And when I left I went into business with one of them. We run a frozen yoghurt delivery service staffed entirely by ex-cons, called Second Helping..." "Oh right," he mumbled, "good for you." I wanted to tell him that every good thing in my life had come about because he alone had had the courage to stand up to me. I wanted to remind him who he was, who he had the potential to be. But as I stared into those red eyes I realised he wouldn't listen. I doubted he could even understand. I felt terrible, though. Worse than I had ever felt--and I was not one given to pangs of conscience. When I got home I wondered what I could do to help him. I opened up my closet and an old biking suit fell out, some of its pvc spikes and flames still attached to it. A cackle burst out from behind me. I turned and there was no-one there. I took the suit into the bathroom. Again, there was a peal of maniacal laughter. I looked in the mirror and saw that it was coming from me. In my mind, a new scheme began to take seed... 