
I braced as the witch described the curse to me. Then I blinked and stared at her blankly. "So... what's the downside again?" She scoffed. "Ha! Foolish mortal. You fail to understand the consequences of your actions!" That much was true. I had gone on a bender, downing shot after shot. Thankfully, I chose to walk home. I don't know if I got lost or what, but apparently I peed on her magic bush - a plant, that is, don't get any weird ideas - and then passed out on her lawn. I awoke the next morning already cursed. At least that's what she told me. "You've crossed me for the last time," she said with a cackle. As far as I knew, this was our first encounter, but I was in no position to argue as I laid on the grass with my pants around my ankles. "You'll regret this," she muttered and then the door to her little shack slammed shut and I stumbled to my feet, my head pounding from last night's debauchery. I thought back to her curse, trying to figure out what exactly she was cursing me with. *I curse you with the misfortunes of abundant portions, and with countless groin so you will never join and thus you will mourn that no son shall be born.* After a few minutes of ambling about her yard, I gave up. There was no figuring this out. I needed a bathroom and I needed answers, not cryptic riddles and curses. "Ms. Witch," I said loudly, pounding on her door. I knew she could hear me. I saw the curtains crack open and shut just as quickly. "Ms. Witch," I repeated and finally on the fifth set of knocks the door creaked open. "What do you want, you peasant pond scum?" Ouch? I wondered how old she was. She looked to be about a hundred but who knows with witches. Maybe she was about a thousand. That type of insult seemed like it would have gone out of style around the time she was born. "I'm just a bit... confused." She stared at me with those little weasel eyes. She reeked of moth balls. She was that kind of old lady. "Did you curse me or bless me?" "I cursed you," she snapped. She started to close the door but I blocked it with my foot. "Right, of course." I rolled my eyes. We had already established that. "What exactly is the curse behind abundant portions and lots of groins? Those both sound great." She shook her head. Apparently they weren't supposed to sound great. "Your wife will hate you. Your family will abandon you. You will never have a son." Alright, hold up. This lady was clearly more confused than I was. I don't have a wife. I don't want kids. My family would love some money. I think our mutual confusion finally came to light and her face softened. "Are you not the boy who used to chase my cats?" I shook my head. "Oh, my..." she muttered and she let the door swing all the way open and she kind of shuffled into the darkness of her hut. It smelled even worse than she did. "Sit," she commanded. She offered me a cup of... something. I refused. I was already cursed, I didn't want to be poisoned too. Unless her poison was equally ineffective... "He was a thin little boy," she began. I sat back. I was in for a long story. "That is why I cursed you to be plump. He always spoke of that girl he liked, said he wanted to catch a cat for her. He chose one of my cats, of course. That is why I cursed you with so many groins, so that no woman would want to marry you. And of course, in this day and age, a son is the only way a man can make a legacy." "Is it?" I was not aware that today, in the twenty-first century, a son was a requirement. And with Tinder being all the rage, a lot of groins seemed like my right-swipes and DMs would finally be met with something other than unmatches. "Do you know the boy? I think his name was Arthur Dillingsly." The name sounded vaguely familiar, like something that would have been taught in my history class when they covered the origins of the town, hundreds of years ago. Oh, right. The elementary school was named after him. Apparently as a kid he was a little shit, chasing this old lady's cats. "I... Uh... He died." Her face brightened. Morbid. "He died like, five hundred years ago." Her face darkened again. I flinched, preparing for another curse. Or, worse, for her to reverse this curse. "I think I've made a terrible mistake," she murmured to herself, shaking her head. I disagreed. This sounded like it would work out pretty well for me. "Let me uncurse you," she said and she stood to make her way to her spellbook. "Wait, no." I stopped her. She looked at me in confusion. "Can I keep the curse? It's been a little while since those things you cursed were bad." She shrugged now. "Have it your way," she said with a shrug and then she walked me to her door. "Which way to the city?" I asked. I'm not sure why I asked. She didn't seem like she had left her house since Arthur was around several hundred years ago. I could probably figure it out or just call an Uber. She looked at me strangely and then pointed to the left. "That way, of course. Towards the castle." I glanced that way. In the distance, I saw a castle that was definitely not there when I got to the bars yesterday. ***** Thanks for reading! If you enjoyed this, please check out more stories at /r/MatiWrites. Constructive criticism and advice are always appreciated! 