
"So today we are going to be pranking Dave, he's kind of a weirdo, he thinks that the FBI actually watches every single person's computer. Imagine that, the logistics of that would be ridiculous, in order to have actual 24/7 coverage, they can have what, 1 person per 100 people's computers at the absolute maximum, which would still be like 3 million FBI agents, at which point you can't possibly keep a secret that 3 million people are in on, someone would have had a tell all, and plus, imagine the budget, anyway, I digress. In any case, in terms of actual cybersecurity, Dave is a moron, he's got an entire "smart" home, and he actually fell for the oldest trick in the book. I gave him a USB drive a few days ago with pirated copies of a few movies he wanted me to get for him, turns out, it also installed remote access. So right now, I'm outside of his house, and on my signal I'll have my assistant remote into his machine and write on his computer using notepad "I'm sorry, they're coming for you. Run.", his freakout is going to be amazing, I'm going to get up to his window and start filming, be sure to hit like and subscribe for more content, okay let's go." "Okay, we're outside his window, he's just sitting there reading something on his computer, okay go." "Oh my god look he's freaking out, this is great, look, he just like shot up out of his seat, we're going to do a slow mo of this in a second, this is going to be great". "Oh look, what's he doing, oh crap is that a sledgehammer? Okay...he's breaking his floor now, and HOLY CRAP HE'S PULLING LIKE A WAD OF CASH OUT OF THE FLOOR. AND IS THAT A GUN-" Dave glances out of the window. "Crap, he might have heard me, he's saying something now" Across the room, the Alexa speaker lights up, the lights turn green, and speakers across the room blare "WHAT ARE YOU DOING IN MY SWAMP" and then All Star starts at max volume. "What the hell, I thought that was literally a meme, I didn't know anyone actually did that-" Suddenly Dave turns and starts shooting, the gun is on full automatic, he has no shooting ability, so bullets fly wildly for a second. "DAVE ITS ME, IT WAS ALL A PRANK-" ------------------------------------------------- Meanwhile in the FBI control room. "Hey dude, this is wild, check out the footage from this guy's webcam." 