
######[](#dropcap) "I don't know if I can do this." "You're going to, believe me." "I really don't think I can." "On the count of three." "Oh God, no no no." "One." "Wait, wait, let's just walk down." "Two." "Really, isn't it just the swimming part we're looking forward to? Who needs the..." "Three!" Jacky grabbed Paul by the hand and ran with him just a touch behind her, straight off the edge of the quarry. As they fell in the dark, Paul finished his sentence, "Jumping!", in an extended scream. They hit the refreshingly cool water side by side, and bobbed to the surface. Jacky let out an excited yell, and Paul smiled in spite of himself, treading water. "What did you think?!" Jacky was all smiles, her freckles showing even in the moonlight, brought out by the day's sun. Paul was soft spoken and reserved, and jumping off that cliff - and it *was* technically a cliff - was easily the most terrifying thing he'd ever done. He did not say that. Instead he nodded his head like he was on the edge of agreement with an obscure rhetorical point, and lied. "It wasn't that bad." Jacky sidled up to him in the water, smirking. "Are you lying to me Paul?" Paul liked this game. They played it a lot, because Paul was afraid of most things and Jacky afraid of nothing, and the two spent a lot of time together. Paul pursed his lips and shook his head, as if he was being asked whether he remembered where he put a set of stolen jewels. *What jewels officer?* "No, I quite enjoyed it actually." Jacky got even closer. Her smile broadening at first, and then straightening out, not into a frown, but something else. "Are you sure Paul?" Paul felt that tension between them, the one that threatened to complicate everything - the same one they'd kept firmly at bay for almost two years. But now here they were, in their underwear, floating in the quarry, under the moonlight, alone. Paul swallowed. "I'm sure." They looked into each others eyes, their bodies bobbing slightly in the water, there legs and arms brushing past each other as they each flailed about lightly to remain afloat. Jacky came even closer then, closer than she'd ever been to him, her face right in front of his, her hair slick and wet, falling in strands, here and there over her eyes. Right then, they both knew they were on the verge of a momentous occasion, perhaps long in the making, almost assured to have tragic ramifications. But, for all the gold in Fort Knox, neither could make themselves veer from the course they now plotted together. Jacky whispered "Me too," and, leaning in to bridge the final inch, her lips met his, and then they were kissing. The kiss seemed to last forever, and neither of them had ever enjoyed a kiss more in their whole lives. Jacky started smiling in the middle of it, and Paul got so distracted by the kiss that he literally forgot they were floating in the quarry, and tried to bring Jacky closer to him, only to sink like a stone when he stopped treading. Beneath the cool water, the terrible reality of the kiss struck home, and when Paul came back to the surface, he was no longer smiling. Jacky looked him in the eyes and immediately joined him in that painful place. Without a word, side by side, they paddled to shore and then laid out together on the artificial sandy beach. Laying there together, each was consumed with the same concern. Paul was turning 18 tonight, in just a couple of hours now, and Jacky would turn 18 two weeks after that. The two of them had been best friends for most of their childhood, and for the last couple of years, each had developed a different set of feelings for the other. But neither had allowed them to flourish, because both understood the extreme unlikelyhood of it all working out. After all, what were the chances that they were each other's soul mates? The current global population was over 7 billion people. No, they were best friends, and only best friends, and that was how they would keep it. Until tonight. Until the kiss in the quarry. They'd opened the seal at the eleventh hour, and now they waited - Paul to be alone, Jacky to be invisible. It was a warm night, and comfortable. The two friends lay in the sand together, side by side, holding hands, waiting for statistical inevitability to separate them. There in the soft, pillowy white sand, they fell asleep. Paul was awoken by the rising sun, it's edge tipping over the horizon. He no longer held anyone's hand, and was curled on his side, away from where Jacky was laying. Now he began to shake, every fiber of his being filled with remorse. He lay there, facing the quarry, cursing whatever cruel power ruled over him. Who was *It* to say who his soulmate was? Who was it to take Jacky away from him? What kind of system was this? Overcome with emotion, he began to cry bitter tears. Still unwilling to turn around, he just sobbed into the sand. His sobs awoke Jacky, who herself was curled into a little ball facing Paul's back. She too began to cry, quietly, without a sound. There he was, 18, and she invisible to him. It was almost too tragic to handle. In a final, futile gesture, though she knew well enough it would have no effect, Jacky reached out her small hand and lay her delicate fingers on Paul's back. Paul's sobbing stopped immediately, replaced with tears of exaltation. He rolled around. ******** ##### For More Legends From The Multivers ##### r/LFTM 