
Each and every person in the world was told by a power unknown to venture forth towards a harrowing location, a faraway plain deep in the zone rouge. But I was not. It was a day like any other, and would have continued to be if not for the message which everyone received upon their phones. They were coordinates, specifically precise ones at that. I could not help but look up the location of my own and found that they were rather close to me, which filled me with unease. I checked the news and talked to others, eager to discuss the strange happening which had occurred, only to find that they too were met with a similar incident. As we made conversation about it, it quickly became evident that the message which they had received was one far different from my own. I kept quiet about the truth of my own message, for I had no desire to be the black sheep in such a global phenomenon. At the same time, I was also curious if there were others like myself who had received similar 'instructions' far removed from the masses. But as I looked towards the internet for a sign of such a thing, there came no indicator that there was anyone else much like myself. Within hours, government forces attempted to force their way to the the marked coordinates, albeit with some difficulties considering the nature of said terrain. There were many theories which floated about, whether it was a new messaging system gone wrong - which nobody dared own up to - or a global hoax pulled of by a bunch of elusive pranksters, daring people to venture into dangerous territory. While the world watched with bated breaths as people drew closer to the marked zone, I confided the truth of my own message in my brother, who at first thought I was trying to make a fool of him. He was always an odd fellow, my brother, a fool by any measure, but my brother nonetheless. We ventured forth to my own coordinates, equipped with the tools required to gaze upon it from far away and the tools necessary to protect ourselves if need be. I did not wish to unnecessarily set upon that land myself if I could help it, but I had a sinking feeling that the events of the day would lead us to that conclusion nonetheless. I had been told to go towards an assuming plain out in the woods near my own domain, a faraway patch of land which I used to play in as a child, but no longer had the desire or time to do so. We staked it out from a nearby road, and as I spied through my binoculars I expected to see a scene most disturbing, but I was met with one of quaintness, which in itself was rather unsettling. "You see anything?" asked my brother, as he nudged my side with his elbow. "Any aliens?" "Do you really think that it would be aliens?" I asked, with the binoculars still pressed firmly against my eyes, "and no, I do not see anything." He snatched away the binoculars from me and stared through them, and even though I only saw half his face, I could see his expression slowly shirk into disappointment. "Gotta be a reason you were singled out, yeah? Should we head closer?" I paused for a moment and collected my thoughts. I wanted to believe that there was truth to his words, but I knew not why I were singled out, and I knew not if I was truly alone in my predicament. There was every chance that there were others like myself, perhaps drawn to their own coordinates, or perhaps staking out the same one before us. "But what if I am not the only one?" "Only one way to find out," he said, with a hollow laugh, "I've got me gun, if anyone weird rocks up I can shoot 'em." I could not deny I had my curiosities about that peculiar scene, and so we entered his truck once more and headed to the precise point in which the co-ordinates had called me to. I waited with bated breath as we stood there, half expecting the worst, but truly expecting nothing at all. And as I opened my mouth to speak my relief, there came a buzzing from deep within my pockets. I reached into them to draw out my phone and the message I saw upon its screen made my heart skip a beat. Another set of co-ordinates. * * * /r/khaarus 