
The screams were the first thing I noticed. The screams and the raging infernos spread across the streets. Despite the chaos, hundreds of people around me were gazing in shock at their surroundings. Some blathered on in languages I couldn't understand but recognized, some were even sobbing uncontrollably. As for me? I was certainly confused, heavily confused, amazingly confused. Yet at the same time my burning curiosity broke through instead and I gazed around. When I looked towards the ground a pair of intelligent bright green eyes greeted me. Beside them, a pair of bright blue. Two small toddlers, clearly no older than 5, gazed up at me. I blinked. They blinked. They surprisingly said nothing. After a few moments, one of them tilted his head. "Oh hello." A clear posh british accent. I bit my lip, as bizarre as it was I couldn't help but find those words coming from a child, small voice and everything, being pronounced so clearly as anything but funny. The other child, looked around, then back up at me. 'WHO THE FUCKING FUCKITY FUCK ARE YOU? WHO THE FUCK AM I? WHY DO I SOUND LIKE A FUCKING CHILD?" After letting out a scream and grasping his head, he ran away. The other child let out a small hum, "That was certainly interesting." I snorted, "I'll say," my new voice was melodic, sweet, and almost dream-like, something airy and untouched. "Oh..." I muttered, "Well that's certainly interesting." My gaze turned downwards to the mounds that were on my chest. I'd seen bigger of course, but they were there. "I'd find your repetition of my statement amusing, in fact I still do," the toddler responded, "but something tells me you mean who you are." "I do," I answered, musing, "I wasn't female before this." "I think I'd find myself in a panic if that happened," the posh toddler responded. "That, or, rather non-public things would be likely." "I was never so attached to myself, so this is most certainly interesting," I mused with a small smile. "Indeed..." The large screen above me, it was blatantly clear this was likely New York, blared momentarily and a person appeared. Hillary Clinton of all people. "MY FELLOW AMERICANS," she started, "I KNOW THIS IS A HARD TIME, BUT AS YOUR PRESIDENT, DONALD TRUMP, I ASK YOU BE CALM." "...You think he knows?" I asked the british man in the child's body. "It's likely, but the irony certainly isn't lost." 