
I used to fit in. People I hardly knew invited me to their wine tastings, surprise birthday parties and casual mixers, just so they could show off to their friends their association with me. When I crossed the room hands reached for my shoulder. Desperate eyes begged me to join conversation circles, eager for my quips and geopolitical musings. In the world of the living, I was a social commodity. In the world of the dead, I am an outcast. You don't know about the world of the dead, being alive, but let me tell you its not what you think. There is no harp serenaded paradise. No fiery hell. There is only a sinking, deep into the ground, where the corpse in which your soul is buried finds a new home among those who died before. In that great underground your flesh slowly rots away. Eventually you are nothing but bones, a skeleton among skeletons existing for eternity in the deep. At least, that's how it's supposed to go. I wasn't so lucky. After a funeral, moving speeches, crying family members and a casket buried, my body descended just like any other. I awoke undead, and my brothers and sisters greeted me with open radii and ulnas, welcoming me into the Great Underground of eternal community. Endless gatherings, social events and council meetings to discuss every minutia of our society. In short, the next best thing to heaven. At first my new after life was idyllic. As I always did, I made friends everywhere I went, and each cavern into which I stepped foot became a hunting ground for new acquaintances, a pond into which I could cast my social net. They were all fish in my barrel. Famous souls from across history, mere play things in my hands. As I rose to prominence among the ex-living, however, something began to change. In passing I would learn of events to which I wasn't invited. Inside jokes to which I was not privy. Decisions made at meetings about which I had never been informed. As I became more isolated the nature of my problem became painfully clear, and each time I passed above a puddle of reflective water or a sheet of polished silver I saw it. My flesh was not rotting. As the weeks crumbled away I understood well who my true friends were. Skulls turned away when I passed by, and skeletal digits waved me dismissively away when I approached, a hopeful smile forced upon my stubbornly fleshed face. Before long I was entirely alone. Only the dogs come to visit me now, their bony tails wagging when I run the healthy skin of my palm across their vertebrae. I am an outcast. Before, when I walked the surface of this world, I believed my popularity was the inevitability of my charm, the dividends of my social efforts paid in kind with effort. A victor on an equal playing field. Now, though, I understand. I was simply rich and handsome, unusually comfortable in the presence of others. I did nothing to earn my status. It meant nothing. This realization has changed me. None from the underground has ever returned to the surface, but I plan to be the first. With immortality comes opportunity, and with opportunity comes purpose. With enough time I can change the world. And I have nothing if not time. You will not know me when I rise, but I am coming. The time has come for a new social order. &#x200B; ****** r/EnemyOfAnEnemy 