
I don't understand my roommate. At all. It's a Tuesday and our thesis is due in less than 24 hours. I've worked on my damn paper for the past semester. Went through countless revisions. All my roommate does is slack off in his room, plays video games, smokes dope, and just embodies the character trait of a failure. I entered his room, it's shortly after 8pm, and he's on his bed listening to music. I looked towards his desk, a single monitor connected to his desktop. A blank page in Microsoft Word is open, along with a browser tab pointed to Google. "Finish your thesis yet?" he asks. "Yup, had my final revision done on Sunday. How about you?" "Haven't started yet - not too worried honestly" he said with a chuckle. I don't get it, how is he so relaxed? Does he not care about his acedemic career? Does he not understand that there is no late submission?? "Dude you need to start this right now.." "I'll get to it soon, don't worry bro" I don't get it, I guess there's only so much you can do to try and help. "Well I'm gonna go and cook something up - my girl is coming by in a bit. Maybe I'll have left overs, let me know if you're hungry." "Hmm sure, maybe in a bit! Oh hey could you turn on my block heater please? Haven't gotten much heat in my room." "Sure." He's worried about the heat? Not his thesis? What happened to him. Pretty sure I'm cooking his last meal, his Dad is strict, it wouldn't be too far fetched to see him get disowned if he fails out of the program. Maybe that's what he wanted. Maybe that's what he deserves. I switched on the heater and left. ----- Thought he'd never leave, I was honestly worried he'd converse me through the only productive minute in my day. Sure my roommate does have a point, I could have started this days in advance. What's the point though, I can get anything done in the most perfect way possible, within 60 seconds. There's literally no point in starting anything on my own, or ahead of time. It's all just an outlook at this point. Another 20 seconds to spare. Let's do this. I moved to the desk. Hands are on the keyboard, and the clock hits 20:17. It's almost as if time slows down. It's hard to describe, it feels as if every thought I have branches off into infinitely smaller branches. Every passing thought gets analyzed and evaluated, in parallel. How should I start this opening paragraph, what topics should I pick, how do I make my arguments. All of these thoughts got evaluated almost asynchronously. My brain isn't functioning in the time domain any longer. It's different. I'm different. There. It's done. Suddenly just like that, my brain felt foggier. It's not a side effect. It's not a negative feeling. It's just the stark contrast of being back to baseline. Admittedly, I was feeling a bit anxious about this, but hey it worked - like it always did. Guess I should print it. >File >Print Document Oh my printer is off. Wait what's that sound? Darkness. --- "Sorry, my girlfriend was blow drying her hair and I guess it blew a fuse since your heater was on too." There was no response. Probably still listening to music. --- I didn't hit save. Maybe it autosaved. It didn't. Think.... Fuck. 