
"Road head and coke? Really Johnny?" Grandma was always a bitch. She never truly understood the genius that was Johnny 'The Sex' Johnson. "You robbed a charity auction for dying orphans" She carried on, whilst being consoled by his deceased uncle. Johnny was a rebel. He got his name 'The Sex' when he started walking into rooms shouting 'The Sex is here'. He would do this at Parties, Birthdays, Funerals, anywhere where the room needed to know that 'The Sex' had arrived. Professional vlogger by day and a petty thief and racist by night. He had started dating Stacy a few months ago. Sure she was 47 and more sedated than other girls his age, but she was 'bitchin' according to Johnny. She was in the car during the coke fueled, road head, orphan stealing incident which had ended his life. "I have questions" a random and oddly dressed man said at the back. "The fuck are you?" Johnny carelessly said as he searched his pocket for his crack pipe. "Reginald Johnson, I served in the great war and died in the somme. What is road head?" "With a name like Reginald, you'll never know" Johnny, after the 'sick burn' he gave to Reginald, looked for a hi five from any of his caveman ancestors. There were murmurs in the room of disapproval and disgust. "Fuck you all, you don't know me, i'm a professional" "Day drinking isn't a profession" Said Great Aunt Jean. Shaking her head disapprovingly. "You all died like bitches, at least I went out in style" "You had an OAP's mouth round your cock" "Hella good head though" He said as he offered a fist bump to the same confused cavemen. Then Johnny felt a tug on his boot cut ripped jeans. As he looked down to see who was fucking with his threads. He saw him. Skipper. His first dog. "Play?" The dog said excitedly "What?" "Play, lets play, i've been waiting to play with you!" Johnny forgot this dog. It had passed away when he was 8 and he had never really been the same. It had waited for 20 years for him and didn't have a bad word to say. "Play?" The dog insisted. The room was silent, the people that knew Johnny when he was still alive had never seen him this engaged with anything. Something matter to him for once. "I can't right now" "When play?" "I don't know" "Play with skipper" His grandmother said. "I'll do what you want" "Do you want to play with the dog?" she responded quickly "Maybe" "Then do what you want" There was a silence as the dog didn't take his eyes off him. Johnny, stubbon to not let his family affect his descions, was torn to do what he wanted, and to resist what they wanted. He stood up in a huff, grabbed the ball at his feet and took Skipper away. "That plan worked" Grandma said. "He always loved that dog, I think he missed it as much as it missed him" "Doesn't excuse his behavior" Reginald said "No, but its a step in the right direction." 