
"Heya Mister" Chris's eyes snapped open at the sound of a child's voice, his vision blurry, like he had just woken up from a long sleep. "Hey! Can you see me?" The colors cleared, and he found himself staring upward at the roof of a dimly lit cave. He was lying on a cold stone floor, with no recollection of how he had gotten there. "If you're not going to help me I'll get my dad!" The voice was getting angry. Finally, he had the presence of mind to speak. "Where?..." he asked. His voice scratchy. "Where am I?" He sat up and looked around the room, searching for source of the voice, but saw only shadows cast on the rough stone walls by some candles on the floor. "Listen, I just need help with some math. You're a math human right?" He was utterly confused, and his legs shook as he slowly stood up. "What are you talking about?" Chris asked. "Where am I?" he scanned his surroundings for the child who had spoken, but saw nobody. Just candles and barren cave walls. The room wasn't very big. Barely twenty feet square. But the dim lighting and shadows made it seem large and foreboding. "Maaaaaaath huuuuuuman!" The child's voice called out in singsong. Echoing off of the walls. "What?" Chris asked. "Where are you!" "Show yourself!" "Well..." The voice seemed to think about it for a minute. "Okay!" Suddenly the shadows in the room began to... well, It's hard to describe. They began to flow like water into a puddle. Dripping off of the walls down to the floor and pooling a few feet away from the center of the room where Chris stood. Then, once a large dark puddle had formed, it began to flow upward. Like a tree, an oily black form grew up from the ground until it was barely four feet tall. "What in the world?!?" Chris shouted. "What are you?!?" He stumbled back from the shadowy figure, nearly tripping over one of the candles. The faceless figure giggled with glee. "Oh! Am I scary?" Chris was astounded. "What's going on? Am I dreaming?" The shadowy form pointed a pitch black finger at Chris. "Stop asking stupid questions." It then crossed it's arms. "I only brought you here because you're smart, so stop acting so dumb." Although the shadow... child... thing was certainly intimidating, Chris found himself calming down. Whatever this thing was, it certainly wasn't hostile. He just needed to find a way out of this place and get back home. He decided he was going to make a break for it when he noticed something deeply troubling. "Wait! Where's the door?" "Door?" The child scratched it's chin in thought... "Oh! Door! Like to leave?" "Yes!" Chris exclaimed. "How do I get out of here? There's no door to this room!" "Oh, don't worry about that. I'll put you back the way you came. I'm not allowed to keep you anyway." "The way I came?" "Yup" The shadowy child pointed at the circle of candles on the floor, and for the first time, Chris noticed a pentagram drawn in red ink, filled with strange and archaic symbols. "You... Summoned me?" "Yeah, but we don't have much time. Are you gonna help me with my math or not?" "I'm just so confused..." The shadow laughed "Not as confused as I am! I'm supposed to be dividing fractions!" Almost without thinking, Chris mumbled under his breath "Smell my feet". "What?" the shadow asked. "What are you talking about?" "Smell my feet" Chris repeated. "It's... an acronym. It's how I learned to divide fractions." The dark form waved a hand through the air, and suddenly a chalkboard slate was lying in the middle of the pentagram. "Show me" it said. Chris couldn't believe he was doing this, but decided it was better to go along with whatever this monster wanted. He grabbed the slate and a piece of chalk and wrote 'S, M, F' in big letters. "Smell My Feet" He said. "or Same Multiply Flip" He wrote out the words "Same multiply flip". "What's that got to do with dividing fractions?" The shadow asked. "So... let's say you've got to divide some fractions" "Like 1/2 and 2/3" the child interrupted. "Sure... sure..." Chris wrote 1/2 / 2/3 on the slate. "So...What's the first word for the acronym SMF " "Same" The shadow said with satisfaction! "Yeah! Good job. So we keep the first fraction the same. Don't touch it." "Then we multiply?" "hey yeah! you're pretty smart. Yes. We change the / to an x instead." "And then we flip the last fraction?" "You got it! So 1/2 / 2/3 becomes 1/2 x 3/2" The shadow did a little dance around the room shouting "The answer's three fourths! The answer's three fourths!" "Hey! Good job little guy." Chris was still confused by his surroundings , but he always felt good when he was able to teach something well. "Okay math human. I take it back. You're pretty smart" "Thanks... Can I go home n-" Suddenly a deafening screech filled the room cutting off his train of thought. Chris fell to the floor covering his ears in pain. It was like a thousand train wrecks all at once. Grinding of metal and screams of escaping steam. Then, as suddenly as the noise started, it ended. The shadow child leaned back and shouted with a loud voice"OKAAAAY DAD! I'LL BE RIGHT UP". Looking down at the Chris, the child laughed. "Thanks for the help math human. I'll be sure to call you back if I need any more help" and with a wave of it's hand. Chris was gone. &#x200B; &#x200B; This is my first try at a writing prompt. How did I do? 