
A tremendous headache like my brain trying to exit my head made me open my eyes. At first, I couldn't focus my sight, everything was distorted, soon I realized I had cables attached all over my body. Suddenly, a weird moving lump transformed into a nurse. "What is happening?" I tried to say out loud yet I could barely talk. "Mr Johnson, do you remember your first name?" The nurse asked me as she watched a monitor with many numbers that I didn't understand. "Where am I?" I tried to scream yet my voice once again was barely understandable. "Where am I?" I repeated, this time I managed to make it sound clearer, my head was killing me. "Stay calm Mr Johnson, you were in a coma for a month. I know that you have many questions but I need you to answer some questions to check if your brain has any damage." She said as she looked straight into my awful bloody eyes with her beautiful, almost healing light-green eyes. "What's your first name?". I looked into the depths of my brain yet I had an acutely hard time to remember it. "Robert, my name is Robert." I said after 20 seconds. "Did I win the lottery or it was just a dream?" I asked, desperately. My voice was normal now. The nurse ignored my question and with grabbed a little lantern. "I will check your eyes now, stay relaxed." She said as her fingers stretched open my eyelids while her other hand flashed my eyes with the small instrument. "Your reflexes are fine, that's good news," a smile drew in her face. "Okay, I'll do a pressure check and I will call another doctor that will evaluate your cognition." I nodded as she turned around looking for the tensiometer. I couldn't keep my eyes off her strawberry shock hair, it fell down all the way to her waist and it's curls waved in a romantic, enthralling motion. "You're perfect, the doctor is on his way. I'm really glad you woke up" She said as she left the room. Another doctor entered the room immediately, his height was comical, for a moment I thought it was Danny Devito. "Mr. Johnson, glad to see you awake and well, my name is Dr. Teriz and I'm a neurologist. I'll ask you three questions." I nodded with a smirk. "What's the last thing you remember?" He asked as he took a pen and a paper from his front pocket. "I'm not sure if it was a dream or not but I had won the lottery and I went to sleep." He wrote something. "Okay, what's the name of your pet?" "Yiru, is he fine?" I asked with anguish invading my chest. "He's with your mother, he's perfect. Whats the result of 144/12?" "12." I answered Immediately. "Okay Mr Johnson, your brain miraculously seems to be in perfect conditions," he said, almost startled. "Feel free to ask me anything." "Did I get fat?" I joked, his face transformed, he took a quick, deep breath and grabbed the pen and paper. "Relax, I'm joking. What happened?" "Oh, I got scared for a second there. You did win the lottery but that night five burglars broke into your house. One had a bat the others were armed, the one with the bat hit you twice with full force in the head while you were sleeping. It's a miracle that you are alive and it's even more astonishing that you don't have any aftermath." I frowned. "But, the money was in the bank, not in my house." "Exactly, the other four guys killed the one that hit you, the police believe they wanted to take you to the bank and force you to transfer the money but your attacker went straight to hit you, he didn't even search the house. Seemed personal, an extremely rare failed crime." I won't lie, a smile stretched my wrinkles all the way to the sides of my ears. I was alive and still a millionaire. "Can I make you one last question and ask you for a favour?" "Yes, anything Mr Johnson." "Is the nurse single?" "Jade? Yes she is." We both laughed in camaraderie. "Could you please mak-" "Don't even finish that sentence, I'll make sure that she checks on you as much as she can. The rest is up to you." We both smiled again. My new life awaited. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- If you enjoyed it please consider checking /r/chasisoxidado for more! 