
A solitary bead of sweat ran down Senator Crafford's brow as he watched the monitor. "Come on, you son of a bitch, you can do it. You can keep those pearly whites sparkling, I know you can." "Nervous, senator?", the smug smirk playing across Smith's stupid mug was enough reason to hate the man and he had the personality to match. Kenneth stared at the sink vacantly. Since he split up with Deborah, life had lacked the silver lining it once used to have. He felt no drive, no purpose, no real attachment to the material world. He was a machine, keeping up his tasks, his responsibilities, not out of a will to succeed, but out of routine. The plastic cup in Crafford's hand let out a dying groan as it had to pay the prize of the tension in the room. He had promised his daughters that trip to France, and he had yet to let them down. "Odds at 13 to 1!" The voice of the VP was drowned out by a wave of shouting and reshuffling of bets. Bernard Humphrey, the fittingly oily CEO of Petro-Corp let out a cheshire cat grin. It was widely accepted that he had grown rich out of Kenneth's bad habits, and his agents had been busted trying to influence Kenneth more than once, but they could never be traced back to him. Kenneth let out a sigh. He had no lust for brushing his teeth tonight. He had no lust for anything these days. "Don't let me down son. Not tonight." Crafford was whispering while his eyes never left the big monitor showing Kenneth's blank face and bare, hairy torso. Even Smith couldn't contain his anxiety. His face still flashed his stupid smirk, but his bony, fidgeting fingers spoke volumes on their own. Kenneth stared at the hardly used toothbrush sitting on the bathroom counter. An invisible audience of unyielding eyes followed suit. He let out a sigh. What the heck. He might aswell try to keep up one more routine. The room erupted. Crafford let out a hoot of joy. He looked to his right as Mr Humphrey was cascading his phone in scream-propelled saliva. Someone was about to lose his or her employment. His eyes finally met the stunned face of Smith. Smith looked back at him, his smirk pouring away from his face slowly turning a marble white. Crafford brought up his phone. His joy couldn't even be damped by the rough tone of his rudely awoken wife. "Pack your bags, Honey! We're going to Paris!" 