
It was one of those stupid accidents where your carrier bag splits and drops, in this case, a giant jar of pickled onions, and it rolls off and you go chasing it, in this case, into a witch's garden just in time to see it knock over some onion plants. I mean, it's a small accident, but not a massive disaster. If she was really cross, a few pounds to cover the cost and inconvenience of buying onions? But nooooooo. The woman who came out was three quarters made of malice I could feel even before she began screaming about my (epithet) legs on her (something) sacred ground or what not, like she's Hera and I'm trying to explain that it was all the swan's idea in the first place. "...and for this defilement of my sacred ground, I curse you! In my name I curse you! I curse you to be barren. I curse your womb to shrivel. I curse you to a life without children." I blinked. "So... what's the downside again?" "No child born of your blood will ever be cradled in your arms," she said, pronouncing my doom with ghastly enjoyment. "Oh, oh no, that's just terrible," I said, playing along. "All this over some onions?" Well, that was a mistake. She was loud, and to be honest, rather unpleasantly scary in a manic frightening way, although that wasn't as scary as realising that some of her plants were staring at me, and blinking. Or the way a garden gnome, top hat and dinky little sword and red eyes and all, was sniggering. The gist of it was that it was her garden, those were her onions and I wasn't supposed to be there, which, given writhing tendrils of what was definitely *not* white jasmine, I had to agree with. I backed away, step by step and left, alive, to have the blackthorn hedge slam shut in my face, only just missing slicing my nose, and there was no sign there had ever been a garden there. Behind me was the mess I'd just left, including oozy cracked eggs. I picked up what I could, with somewhat shaky hands, and didn't really think about what I was doing until I was back at home drinking tea. Barren. *Fifteen* times I'd tried to ask about having my tubes tied, but no, it was always 'you might change your mind' and at twenty-eight I was pretty damned sure that no I would not. So I'd prayed, with all due pagan ritual, just basically hoping for confidence, and then had a strong urge to have a nice cheese ploughmans and do myself a proper breakfast in the morning. Of course, by the next day, I was sure it was a dream, and went to seek a sixteenth opinion upon fertility, mine, and the lack of desire to have it, but a few weeks later and gosh if there isn't a little plant growing near the garden path with tiny little blinky eyes and everything. Anyway, twenty-first time was the charm, which was when I found out that my womb had somehow eaten itself and left a lump of scar tissue, and if there *is* a downside, I haven't yet found it. I mean other than the fact that most people are too creeped out to come into the garden, even if the blinking, staring plant usually hides. It's as if they know it's there. I do look after it, and grow plants that give me a reason to be out looking after the place, and really, if someone came in there now, I'd actually be quite cross. I mean, really, that magical plant is pretty much a gift from the gods, isn't it. That makes my garden almost... sacred. 