
"So, what is it like down here?" Asked Jared, the new rookie. Clint shifted uneasily from foot to foot. The old man, although well accustomed to mining for coal, obviously was not accustomed to speaking to his coworkers. "It's Hell." Was all Clint could manage. Jared thought this was an appropriate answer. The mining life was vicious, to say the least. Almost none made it past the mid part of their life due to the sickness and the dangers of being in a pitch black tomb. Although he knew every danger of it, Jared didn't have much of a choice for a career. After losing his parents in an accident as a child, Jared had always worked to provide for his youngest sibling, and now the financial strain had also fallen onto him. The elevator groaned on, and their descent began. As the cart began to lower, Jared felt suffocated by the darkness that engulfed him. Closing his eyes, he tried to call upon the happy memories he had of the world above. Images of the time he took his brother to the park appeared in his head. The smile that cracked on his brothers face whenever Jared helped him on a difficult math problem. His sibling was truly what kept Jared going in the aftermath of what happened. The elevator arrived at the bottom of the mine with a small shudder, and the men went to work in the dark to provide light to those in the sun. Time stood still in a place like this. Sounds of hammers hitting rock, and machines moving pieces of earth to the surface were the only instances of movement here. Jared worked has hands to the bone that first day. After what felt like eons, the whistle finally sounded for the days work to be over. Jared came up to Ryan, an old friend from his days in school, and the two chatted briefly about things. Eventually, talk of work began and Ryan said, "Just remember, Jared, the ones who play hero down here usually end up dead." That's when they heard it. A sound that vibrated within their whole body. The cave felt as though it were alive and furious. "CAVE IN!" Shouted the supervisor somewhere in the pitch black. Everyone quickly began moving to the elevator as fast as possible. Then, the ceiling began to break apart. Jared found himself running next to Clint as the two broke for the elevator. That's when he heard it. A sickening snap from his leg when he stepped wrongly. Sharp pen shot through his whole body as Jared fell to the floor clutching at his lower leg. He looked up and saw Clint had turned around to look at him. "HELP! PLEASE!" Jared cried out, Clint looked at Jared, then his glance went to the ceiling. Jared followed his gaze and saw rocks falling between the two of them. Clint gave a last glance at Jared, then turned and ran towards the elevator once more. As the rocks covered the only way towards salvation, Jared's headlamp began to flicker. In the dark, no one would see his pained expression. In the dark, no one knows what men do to survive to a ripe old age. 