
I don't even know where I should start this story. I guess I could start with my birth, but I feel that's a tad irrelevant. I suppose that it'd be best to start with the day I met Mr. Brain Storm. I was only 16 or 17 at the time, and being so young, I wasn't really in the habit of knowing one villain from the next. It never really mattered, because I lived in a small town in the goonies. Don't let me cause you to think I didn't care about stuff like that, I mean my uncle's brother-in-law died when The Hundred Son's attacked New York, but I just didn't keep up with all of the bad guys and good guys. Anyway, one day I was skipping school, because most kids were out at our basketball semifinal game, and I didn't like school much anyways. So I was walking through the middle of the town when I walked into the diner to have a bite to eat. I ordered what I always get, a pulled pork sandwich and a soda to drink. So I was just sitting there eating, and this real funny looking guy, like a guy you'd see in the old horror movies who was supposed to be a nerd, walked into the restaurant. He walked right up and tapped me on the shoulder. "Uh, 'scuse me," he said, "Where is the chemical decommissioning facility?" "Do you mean the depot?" "Yeah." I didn't know who the hell wouldn't know where the depot was, but I obliged the poor guy. He looked like a dork, and those guys are usually pretty lonely. I'm kind of a dork myself, but not really. I still felt like I'd show him how to get there. "I'm bad with directions, so let me just walk you there. It's not far." And I showed him how to get there. That was when Brain Storm, just Harold at the time, tried to launch a chemical attack on Atlanta. I had to explain everything to all of those damn heroes. They really wanted me to get in trouble and all, on account of Harold being a known villain. Don't get me wrong, I respect what they do and all, but they were all pains. Even though Harold, Mr. Brain Storm, tried to kill people, he's never a huge jerk. I hate jerks most of all. I mean all those heroes act like they're Jesus Christ or something. So every now and then, Harold will kidnap me. I mean actual kidnapping, but I don't really mind. Usually, if I can, I try to talk to him until all of those heroes get there. Just last time, around a month ago, the reason I'm here and all, we chatted about my college classes. He really knows his stuff, Harold. He was giving me advice on how to deal with a few professors who are real jerks. "I can give you a device that will regress their minds to that of a child," Harold said. I had to tell him why they weren't all that bad, and that I'd rather just pass the class. I had to sit there and talk to him until that cowboy bastard showed up and kicked his ass and hauled him off. That's what most people don't get though. Harold, and the other guys I've met that people would call bad guys, they're all people like you and me. I mean, of course, the stuff they do is over the top, but if you just talk to them, you'll see they just need some talking to. Those heroes always run in and belt someone in the jaw and then act like God, for god's sake. So every time I get "saved" I have to kiss their damn asses for doing such a heroic deed, when really it was just someone talking to Harold that saved the day. They feel like I've got some powers I'm repressing since I'm always getting taken, and I just let them think that. If they knew there was nothing special about me there's no telling what they'd do. And who knows? Maybe being able to treat other people like human beings is a power, in its own way. I don't know 