
"We have to warn the others," Joe's voice rasped, struggling to be heard amidst the sound of howling wind and crashing waves. "Shh, don't talk," I said as I pressed the towel against his neck. I was unsure if it would work. The towel was already damp with his blood and colour was draining rapidly from his face. I looked around me helplessly, at the bodies of my former colleagues and friends. We never stood a chance. Joe and I were the last surviving crew members. There was a rising panic within me, panicked at losing Joe, panicked that the creature would come back to finish its job. A hand gripped mine. "Go, radio for help," Joe pleaded, pushing my hand away. "No, I can't," I tried to argue, but Joe's eyes were closed. He laid there, slumped against the cold hard metal, dead as everyone else. "No," the words barely left my mouth. I shook the body of my captain, hoping in vain for a miracle. "You cannot die. Not you!" I shouted. But Joe was no longer there. It was only me, the ship, the sea, and whatever that killed the rest of crew lurking in the water. I wiped away the sweat and tears from my head and ran towards the bridge. My shoes cracked against the broken glass and metal on the floors. The ship groaned in protest as I ran along the silent hallways, barely illuminated by the flickering lights. "Don't die on me now," I muttered as I stepped into the bridge. It was there when I saw it. Towering above our ship, touted to be the most technologically advanced destroyer, the creature's eyes stared right at me. Two glowing red eyes, sitting above a mass of slithering tentacles. It was huge, reminding me of Godzilla. My eyes darted between the communicator and the creature, pondering if I could risk it. The world needs to know, but I needed to survive to do that. "You have no need to bother," A voice growled in my head. Deep and hollow. One that did not belong to me. The creature's eyes glowed red as the voice spoke. "Your life will be forfeited even before you make a step." I tried to hide the tremble in my voice. "Who are you?" The creature roared in response, shaking the seas, throwing the ship around. I held on to a nearby door for dear life. Its voice filled every single space in the air. "Insolent pests, have you forgotten whom the sea belonged to?" I felt a jerk from below, before realizing that the entire ship was pulled upwards from the water. The creature brought the ship to meet its eyes. "It is I, Xel'ruda," it simply said, expecting me to know who Xel'ruda was. But I kept quiet and tried to keep my mind free. The glow from Xel'ruda's eyes basked the entire bridge in red. I could feel the creature scanning my body, perhaps wondering what to do with me. "You survived my attack," the voice inside me said. "And for that, you deserve to be my first human servant, by my side as I conquer your world." I, on the other hand, had other plans. The ship jerked again, as Xel'ruda lowered it back to the water. I used the opportunity to jump towards the communicator. It was my only chance to warn the world. -------------- *Edit: I changed the name of the creature from Cthulhu to something new, as some pointed out that the story may not fit the existing lore. My bad for being lazy to think of a name* /r/dori_tales 