
I had little doubt as to who he was. He quivered constantly, these little trembles which accentuated his gestures, infected his speech. Not from fear, or from hesitation, but from *power*, brimming beyond the confines of his skin, threatening to burst out in torrents. The others were already enthralled, nodding along to the sway of his honeyed words. I, too, had every reason to agree with him. Any logical, rational man would have said yes. But that was not who I was. "No," I said. "I refuse." An angry scowl settled on his face before he threw his head back, and he laughed so hard that volcanoes erupted in the distance. The others huddled together instinctively. "You... refuse?" he said. "No one in my domain has ever refused me before." "I don't care," I said. "I do *not* want to become one of your... sins, whatever it is you want." He swept his hands in a flourish, drawing my attention to the others. They numbered six, and sat around him cross-legged on the ground, like attentive toadstools relishing the first drops of rain. That sickened me, so I looked away. "Why, it is an *honour*! I've handpicked the seven of you, just the seven! The worst, most deplorable beings I could scour from the face of the earth! The game has begun, both sides have to have their champions... did you not understand any of what I had explained?" "I understood," I said, as I shrugged. "But I still refuse." "But do you not see? The seven of you will be my prime evils! I'll... name you the *seven deadly sins*! Men and women will speak your names in disgust for centuries to come! Look, *look* at them! They've already begun to lose their forms! They are already *shifting* into the *essence* of their new callings!" He was right about that. One of the women, already delicate of feature to begin with, had been blossoming as I argued with him. Her lips had grown fuller, her hair more voluminous, her waist more inviting. She commanded my attention, filled me with a longing I had never known before. If she had looked me in the eye at that very moment, I would likely have lost my nerve, and caved to his demands. I had to stay strong. "You will not be able to convince me," I said. "You *could* break me, I am sure of that. But I also know that is not what you're after. You want my acquiescence, and that you will never have. So if you're going to unmake me, go ahead." "But why?" he asked, as the first ripples of doubt spread across his brows. The emotion must have been new for him. "You have single-handedly caused so much pain and suffering on earth! And yet you refuse to take your place beside me? Why?" I thought for a while before I found the words. It wasn't easy to express. "Because... they will know me then," I said. "I don't want to be known. I was happy where I was, and if death had not found me, I wouldn't be here now. I like to be... *hidden*." "Hidden?" "Yes, hidden," I said. "Concealed, disguised, veiled. I don't belong in the light. I want to be in the shadows, in the fleeting darkness between every waking moment, just barely out of sight. I want to whisper in people's ears, make them doubt themselves, each other. I want find out what they truly believe in, what their principles are, and then I want to work at corrupting *every single thing* they stand for. I want to make them turn against each other, against themselves! I want them to abandon order, even if they know it is for their own good! And... and if I am known, if I am named... I can no longer do any of that." A ghost of a smile had begun to curl his lips, and the manic energy was returning to him. "Ah..." he said. "You want to be *Rebellion*... the unnamed, unrecognized Sin..." I waited for him to make his decision. He nodded, finally, then beckoned me behind him. I slipped into the dimness immediately, and his aura washed over me, masking me, erasing me from sight. I saw him exert his energies, summon the next human in line to take my place. Soon, they were seven, and they became the Seven that were known. After they had departed, off to carry out his bidding, he turned to me again. "You still have to have a name," he said. "Uasi," I replied. --- /r/rarelyfunny 