
It began on a nameless world floating in the void. A race of intelligent rocks. Well as intelligent as rocks can be. Apparently, I arrived there for the first time during some, unfortunate circumstances. The Feeders had selected that planet to be consumed. I suppose. I didn't really believe in Feeders. Probably just a tale that came from slavers taking the populations of small colonies. I merely wanted a vacation but the rocks saw me as a herald. Some worshiped me, others feared me. They believed I was either there to finish the end times or to guide them out of it. I didn't want any part of it so I left. They can do whatever they feel like. I am not god. Come to find out the whole planet was consumed just a few days later. They're loss. Call it magic or call it luck but this happened a few more times. Six more times to be precise. After some time, I discovered a small, semi-aware rock creature. I laughed to myself as I realized it'd come all the way from that rock planet. I decided to keep him as a little companion. I decided the universe didn't exactly want me wandering the cosmos so I found a planet to settle down on. Maybe start a family. The planet I found was a refugee world, ironically the people were fleeing the same planets I was. It was easy to blend in here, no one suspected just another refugee. I spent months on the planet and adopted the name *Dave*. I felt it suited me. I began to work at a local botanist shop. Which, seeing as I was a plantoid, seemed to suit me. My little rock buddy remained my companion throughout it all. I'd spent a fair amount of time as Dave. Dave was a well-respected member of the community and word traveled fast of my botany skills. The rumors attracted people of all sorts of species and I got to hear about their lives before whatever crisis struck. So, when an old, frail lady walked in, I expected nothing more. Silly me. She pulled a blaster pistol on me. "I will not allow you to destroy this home as well!" "I-I'm sorry you must have me mistaken. I have no idea what you're talking about." "Yes, you do!" her feeble voice projected across the shop. She grew more courageous with each sentence. "You are the Destroyer of Seven Worlds!" "Listen lady, I think you're lost. My name is Dave." No matter how much I argued, she persisted. She was causing a scene and a crowd began to fill the shop. Suddenly some form of a telepathic wave was sent out and caused everyone to clutch their heads in pain. "Dave is correct in professing his innocence," the voice began. "He is however, an unaware accomplice in what the old lady is accusing him of. For I am the Scourge of Seven Worlds, The Fifth Horseman! I am the Dreaded!" I looked around to see who this *dreaded* was. Only to see that it was my beloved friend. "You?" I cried out. "How could you use me?" "I did not use you. I was indeed your friend. And once I destroy this world, you will get the credit. Don't you see, Dave? You are to be the face of a new empire!" "Seems pretty cool. Just can we not genocide too many more of our subjects? And can I not take the funky titles? I kinda like 'Dave.'" "Yes, Dave, whatever makes you happy my friend." 