
"You shouldn't be able to see me," she rasped, her voice low and dark. Chuck leaned back, blinking. "I...sorry. Didn't mean to intrude." He turned to walk away. It wasn't the worst rejection he'd ever gotten before, although it might make the top ten of his most unique. Before he could fully pass her, she reached up, grabbing his arm by the wrist. Her grip was tight. "Ow! What the hell, I didn't mean to bother you - I'm sorry!" She was looking straight into Chuck's eyes, scowling as she did. "No, you don't understand. You shouldn't be able to see me. How can you see me?" "Uhh...with eyes?" Chuck could feel his heart start to accelerate. *She's crazy. She's totally and completely psychotic, and I'm about to get stabbed on the train.* He glanced at the older woman who was sitting in the nearest chair. She'd raised her purse to her chest and was staring at them, clutching it tightly. "Little help here?" "Please," the old woman said, shaking slightly, "I don't have much." "What? I'm...do you think I'm...what about the pyscho grabbing my arm?" The older woman's eyes traveled down his arm, then back up to his face, a waxen grin fixing itself across her cheeks. "Of course, of course, you poor dear. I'll just...I need to..." without finishing the sentence, she got her her feet and shuffled out of the car. "I told you, you shouldn't be-" "-Able to see you, yeah, I'm picking up on that." Chuck pulled his arm free of her grasp, and got the distinct impression that she was letting him go. "Uh...why shouldn't I be able to see you?" "Your perception should be filtered. Same as everyone else. Sit. I need to figure out what went wrong." "Yeah, I mean, I could do that, but I'm thinking that-" It was her turn to interrupt him. "Charles Shaw. You are twenty seven years old, burning through your severance package backpacking across Europe since you got laid off from your last job. You are having a midlife crisis thirteen years ahead of schedule, and the most interesting thing that has ever happened in your entire miserable existence is about to occur - and you are thinking of walking away? Bullshit. Sit down, and we'll figure this out." The sheer shock of hearing so many details about him drove him into the seat. "How do you know all that about me?" She pulled a device out of her pocket and began to fiddle with it. It looked sort of like a phone, but the white backing wasn't like anything he'd ever seen before - almost like it was made of bone. "Please. You've spent the last three days staring in my direction. I spent time doing research on you in that interim, to see if you were a dullard or able to see through my perception filter. I dismissed you as a dullard two days ago. Apparently I was mistaken." Chuck rolled his eyes. "Gee, thanks." "I know you're being sarcastic, but you should be thankful. It's not often I am mistaken, and even rarer I admit it." She fiddled with her phone a bit more. "Can you still see me?" "Uh...yes." He blinked. "What is that thing?" "A neurocaster. My own design. It emits a low level psychic wave that interferes with lesser minds, allows me privacy." She turned the face of the device towards him, and he almost screamed. The front of it was fleshy, covered in muscles and nerves, looking like an exposed brain enclosed with a beating heart topped by a cyclopean eye. "What...who the *hell* are you?" "I was wondering when you'd get to that question. I am Lacrima Frankenstein." Chuck gulped. "Frankenstein? As in..." "Victor Frankenstein, creator of the original Monster, yes." She looked up at him again, a gaze that was so intense it was almost painful. "My stop is coming up, Charles. I am going to give you a choice. You can get off the stop with me, come with me to my family holdings, and we can discover what makes you so exceptional...or you can stay seated and resume your boring, ordinary, mundane life. Meet a regular, pretty, and dull woman. Have two and a half mediocre children and work a painful job until eventually you die from congenital heart failure at sixty five wondering if you ever lived." The train began to slow, and she got up. "Your choice." She began to walk down the train, and not knowing exactly what he was doing, Chuck got up to follow. --- More at /r/Hydrael_Writes 