
You'd think having infinite money would be a blessing. After the genie faded away back into his lamp, I blew the first load of cash on a mansion. I hired the greatest interior designers in the greater Colorado area, and made every room like a room porn masterpiece. I put surround sound in every single room, I bought Lamborghinis, Maseratis, more than one gaming room, a few pieces of precious artwork, I put up AskReddit threads of "What would you buy if you had infinite money" and just went off of their ideas, whatever, you name it I bought it. It wasn't long before heads started to turn, wondering how so much money kept getting funneled into my checking accounts. I couldn't account for it all, but the genie set me up with legal documents that proved the legality of it all. The IRS didn't buy it, but I paid a decent share in taxes just for the sake of getting them off my case, and they started to leave me alone. It's crazy how the rules change when you have so much money and power. Then, I made the mistake of gambling. It shocked me just how much less of a thrill it is when you have everything and nothing to lose. I tried to restrain myself, lest anybody get suspicious. But after three or five or eight shots, I could hardly see straight much less think straight. I got the full high roller treatment, all the amenities, all the best service. I put down copious amounts of money on the craps tables, always just the right amount to put the casino in a tough bind. Always upping the amount, until I got a hit. It wasn't long before I wasn't allowed at the craps tables anymore. Then, I made the greater mistake of gambling with higher stakes. I threw millions into the stock markets. I invested in every market in the world. It started with just a few million, here and there. Some stocks I honestly thought were on the upswing. Some companies that went public that weren't getting much capital, that I liked. I got them off their feet, then slowly divested when they had their momentum. I meant it to be a venture in altruism. I gave money to charities even, anonymously. I poured money into renewable energy research projects. Different groups I had faith would do well for the world. I did it for a while, and I felt good. But when I found out just how much they were squandering the money I was throwing at them, and just how much corruption there was in their mix, I started losing a lot of faith in people. But there was always a chance that there would be a charitable organization that could get run well. And one night, while in the middle of a drunken existential crisis, I decided I might as well run one directly. It wasn't supposed to get as large as it did. I started off just helping in the nearby community. Then, when that started to draw too much attention, I started overseeing organizations under my umbrella in other states. Just a few hundred people at the start, getting paid decent wages. I searched the world for the best researchers, and tried to coordinate a more streamlined effort to develop quantum computing. I set up an organization for getting homeless men and women the trades they needed to succeed in the real world, and those who put forth enough effort got something of a universal income until nobody was starving anymore. And eventually, nobody was homeless. We tried to keep an eye on everybody, but it hit a point where I couldn't quite keep track of it all, and I delegated to people I trusted. I tried my best to remain anonymous, but there was too much federal attention at a certain point. But so long as things were going well, people held their tongues of their questions. But one night, my phone got into the wrong hands. My three year old nephew's. "Don't touch it Scottie," I said, realizing I never exited out of my E-Trader account while I left it charging across the room. "Don't touch it, don't touch it." I should've worded it better. Kids love to do what they're told not to do. Scottie hit the wrong button, and I divested of my holdings. There was a flash shock, and the markets panicked. Within weeks, the economy collapsed, and I had FBI agents at my door. At first, they just had simple questions, wondering if they could step in and chat about the neighborhood. Then asking if I heard about the coming recession, and the markets. And asking if I might have had any money in the markets. I did my best, to keep as discrete as possible, but I didn't lie. I said I had a little. "Well, we don't think it's just a little," said one agent, as he turned his laptop around, and showed me the files they had on me. Keeping track of my every movement. "We kind of think your net worth might be in the trillions." I looked into the camera on the computer, as I heard sirens closing in around me. "Shouldn't you pay infinite taxes on an infinite income?" asked one of the agents, as officers kicked down my door. They put me in handcuffs. "You're under arrest." I struggled against arrest a bit, but only enough to graze my leg against a golden lamp beneath my couch. I made sure it was within reach, and thank God it was still within leg's reach. A blue swirl of glitter poured out, and the agents fired at it. I had a gun at my temple in seconds. The genie swirled out, and stared my way waiting for a command. "Genie," I said, as the officers shouted for support. "I'd like to use my second wish." [Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/Oscar_Relentos/comments/75i5d9/fantasy_is_that_your_wish_part_2/) [Part 3](https://www.reddit.com/r/Oscar_Relentos/comments/75ijgc/fantasy_is_that_your_wish_part_3/) 