
"GO GREEN!!" My neighbor screeched at the field. I leaned to my friend Raya, "Is this entirely necessary? We could be doing something more fun. Like literally anything. Anything is more fun than this." I looked at the field disdainfully. "Seriously Maize? This is like the one time your power is totally on point!" My glare hardened at her as I shifted back to normal. "Aw, come on Mai, we're in the last quarter!" Whispers fluttered all around me, "Dude, did she just --" "Holy shit did you see --" "Dad that lady was GREEN --". I sighed and shifted my color back to the team's forest green, "Yay football." I muttered sarcastically, ignoring the next wave of whispers and stares that followed my change. I'd long since gotten over my misfortune of power. Figures that an electromagnetic surge would hit the one time I was playing a kids game, granting me and several other thousand people the "gifts" of our game characters. Do you know how wicked some of these people's power's were? Most of them were changing the weather to avoid natural disasters, telekinetically rescuing people from fires, leaping tall buildings in a single bound. . .you know, superhero shit. Now in all fairness, I was hiding a secret. I hadn't just been playing a kid's game that auspicious Friday, I'd been modding and redeveloping it. Including my player. In fact when the surge hit, I'd been typing code in specifically to mod my player. You'd think that'd left me with a glitch or two, but nope, it left me with an unfinished code and a blinking cursor. When faced with the actual reality of becoming all-powerful, one tends to freeze up a little. Sure, I could code the crap out of myself and run this world from here until probably the end of time.....but was it ethical? Moral? And the question that bothered me most, what then? I'd had a couple of months to have an existential crisis and hadn't been able to get past what happens next. The other players had showed me what a little power could do to a person. On the news you heard the amazing stories of the "PC Heroes" and how our world needed something extraordinary to survive. The chat rooms told a different story. Forums had popped up all over of PCs struggling with controlling their abilities, getting addicted, depressed, and some suicidal. After reading a post from a 15-year old my fantasies fell cold in their tracks, "I feel numb, like humming electric wire I have one purpose and it is my power. When I use it I lose myself and when I don't I think of nothing else. I've lost my love, my pain, my anger. I've lost. I'm lost." That was the last post she made. Two months ago. But was it selfish to not do it? Was it worth losing myself if I could save the lives of others? The thought had me frozen in indecision for months. "Mai," my friend shook me, "Game's over, let's blow this popsicle stand." She gestured towards the line shuffling towards the exit. Everything started happening in slow motion as the ground began shaking, and a crack in the stadium opened up below Raya. Screams rang out from every direction, but Raya's sounded right in my ear as I reached out to grab her. "Raya!" I cried out, grasping her forearm in mine as she dropped into the hole. "Don't let go, don't let go, Mai, please, I love you, don't let go" Raya sobbed over and over, fingers digging into my arm. The ground still shook beneath me, crack deepening, I reached another hand down holding her tightly. Tears streamed from my eyes as I struggled to hold her, I had to pull her up. "Help! Help! We need help!" I yelled looking around for anyone. There were others helping pull up victims who had fallen also, people still running for the exits screaming, chaos. "I've got you! Hold on!" A man ran over to my left and laid a hand on my shoulder has he reached down to grab Raya. "Pull!" He yelled. I strained my burning muscles as far as they could go, we grunted as we pulled her backward, sliding out of the crack and falling back into the stadium seats. "We've got to go," I shouted grabbing Raya, still heaving on the ground. The man nodded and stumbled with us through the crowd to the exit. The shaking had ceased but we still moved quickly to the main level, getting as far as possible from the near death Raya had nearly faced an the real death for many others. As we reached the parking lot and the leave that awaiting I pulled away from Raya, already nearly jogging back towards the stadium. "Go home," I said to her, "There's something I need to do." I had some coding to do. 