A Game we played at a Birthday Party in Sixth grade by t2_dhqn6

We were all in the same class. Sixth grade. My mom drove us to the house. On the way there we picked up my friend, Ronny. The party was for Ronny's cousin, Jon.  As we approached the house in the dull green Volkswagen, I remember him tapping my shoulder and whispering "You didn't tell me your mom was a *fox*" 
My mom heard what he said a laughed a little. 

I just shrugged my shoulders. I had never thought about it really.  

"I will be back at nine to pick you up" she said I folded the seat forward to let Ron out. The tires crackled a little on the dirt driveway as she pulled away. The dust. I can still taste it. The house was surrounded by Orange trees. Now it's just sleek signs and shiny cars, not a tree in sight.   

It was your typical birthday party I suppose. Pizza. Cake. Ice Cream. The usual stuff. We were a little too old for "Pin the tail on the donkey", though we might have played just the same. I can't recall if we sang *Happy Birthday*, but I'm sure we did.  

Truthfully, I only remember the game.

I'm not even sure how it began. I noticed at some point the entire room had grown quiet. Two people had come out of the kitchen, in what I suppose could be called a two person Conga line.  Jon, the birthday boy, was in front, with a girl behind him. They went around the room once and when they stopped, she tapped a boy, (Ronny of course), who then joined them, and the "train" went through the swinging door, into the kitchen. A half a minute later  - out they came - looped around the room again, and stopped. Ronny chose a girl, and back to the kitchen they went. 

Now the room was noticeably silent, as we waited to see who was next, and wondered what was in the kitchen. The process continued, boy, girl, boy, girl, until there was only one boy left - that was me - but I wasn't to concerned, because Dawna, the last girl to be picked, was very popular and pretty imo. And now she had no choice but to pick me. 

I forgot to mention that the "train" was gone for ever increasing intervals each time it left the room. 

So finally I was allowed to join the train and we all scooted back to the kitchen, where the line abruptly stopped. Finally, I would be let in on the big secret. That's when I noticed that Jon had turned around to kiss the girl behind him. She then turned around and kissed Ronny, who was behind her. I suppose there were maybe 7 boys and 8 girls present, so it wasn't long before I would get my (first ever) kiss. My heart raced as my turn approached. 

Just then Dawna turned around and SMACK! slapped me across my face.

I was stunned for a moment, not fully comprehending what had happened. Everyone giggled and laughed for a few seconds. The game had ended. I don't remember being embarrassed or hurt at the time. I may have even been relieved - I didn't have to choose a girl to slap or kiss.  

Years later, I was trying to sleep, trying to figure out why I seemed to always be alone, when this game we played, this "kissing" game, fell out of a dark corner of my memory. I was laying there thinking "everyone got a kiss but me-Where they all in on it?-Who came up with this mean game?-Why the fuck would anyone play this fucked up game?-I didn't get a kiss!" I could feel my face flush a little as I mulled over it. 

In the distance I could hear another train horn up near the remaining orange groves. A faint taste of "orange tree dust" was on my tongue for a moment. I finally fell asleep.