Here’s the story on how i nearly got murdered at my job. by t2_m5v4t0vb

So this incident was nine years ago or so. I was about 20 and my wife was in her sixth month of pregnancy. We decided that she’ll be the stay at home mom and i’ll need to find another job with a suitable pay check for my new family. I used to work as a stripper in a strip club with most of my friends, (yes, I was a male stripper), and my friends knew that i had to be leaving so they hosted a little goodbye party for me. It was super sweet and stuff and i had a lot of fun. I had a few drinks, hung with my friends, and decided i should go home. Now, the way i usually went home was through a small alley way behind the strip club and into another street where my house was pretty close. 

So i was walking at night through the alley way to go home when i noticed someone was walking closely behind me. i didn’t think much of it because i was only focused on going home. I pulled out a small ultrasound photo of my daughter out of my wallet and stared at it with a huge grin. I couldn’t wait to go home. I was too distracted to notice that the guy before was getting super close to me now, practically breathing on my neck. Before i could take a step back, the guy speeded in front of me and quickly pulled his knife out and jabbed me in the stomach and then ran off. I fell to the ground while trying to comprehend what the fuck just happened. I was breathing frantically while staring at my blood gushing out of me. There was so much. it hurt like a million thorns were puncturing my organs. I was still holding the photo of the ultrasound tightly in the palm of my hand before it suddenly flew away out of my grip. I yelled out and tried to get it, before a lighting of pain struck me again. I ended up passing out in the alley way from blood loss. 

I don’t know how, or when, but i soon woke up in the hospital. There was only a nurse in the room with me. Apparently my friend found me before i was nearly dead and called the ambulance. He also called my wife because he had her phone number incase if an emergency. I don’t know why, but i felt ashamed that my wife had to see me like that. I was literally almost dead and i only cared about my wife seeing me in that state. The nurse didn’t know about my wife and asked me if there was anyone i wanted to call to come and see me, but i was heavily drugged and didn’t want anyone to see me. i just wanted to go home. I told the nurse there was no one to call and i stayed in hospital until i was alright enough to be discharged. 

I went to my wife’s house after i got an uber to see her. She didn’t know that i was still alive, and was probably trying to think of how to raise our daughter by herself. I knocked on the door and saw her almost have a heart attack when she saw me. She thought she was dreaming and kept pinching herself. I told her it was really me and she ended up crying in my chest. I’ve never really seen her cry before, but i felt good that she cared that much for me. 

That incident was nearly a decade ago and i’m perfectly healed now with my daughter and my wife. The dude who stabbed me ended up going to jail for 15 years for murder and illegal drug use. apparently the guy didn’t even run that far away after stabbing me so someone already found him and called the police. Yay happy ending i guess.