She is the most beautiful girl I have ever met. by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋. So basically this is my love story. Well I am planning on writing part by part cause it's a bit long and I hope you will find it fun and interesting. Disclaimer: I'm new to this 😅. I was in highschool and I got selected to the school football team. I was the captain of my team. Our school team sucks, we never even won a single game in football in our history. But one thing that sports taught me was that  nothing is impossible. We didn't even have a football coach and we had to train ourselves. It was rainy season, the ground was not in its best shape but we kept training. I'm going to fast forward this because it's not a sports story. We won 3 games and luckily I put a good performance and scored 5 goals in 4 games. I was utterly disappointed. I cried actually on the ground and opponent team came upto me and  consoled me. It made me feel better and this is  few of the reasons why it's called the beautiful game. Again fast forward I got selected to the state team, which means I could represent my state. I was the first student to do that in my school and I was like a celebrity. If there was a hall of fame for my school our football team would be on that,LOL. 

So the day came and I had to travel with other selected players from different schools to the state which hosted the state tournament. We had to travel by train. There was men's and women's basketball team traveling with us. My parents dropped me at the station and wished me luck. My classmates and friends where praying that I would score an own goal and embarrass myself there, well you know how friends are like, they just want to humiliate you.

Where I'm coming from trains are considered as a place where you meet the love of your life. Credits for this particular phenomenon goes to the movies released in my country. In a way, in my town there is no better love story than TRAINS and LOVESTORIES. So my friends were hyping me up especially after they realised I am travelling with  the girls Basketball team. They were hyping me up so much because they knew that I don't have the knack to talk to women, which is true. I didn't have any expectations for meeting anyone because I knew I'm never going to even start a conversation. 

I entered the train and found my seat. I sat down comfortably and looked up. There she was sitting in the upper berth laughing with her friends. I am pretty sure my iris would have expanded to the diameter of the moon. My heart was beating faster then the train engine. Ladies and gentlemen I was in love. I don't know what you think about love at first sight but I started believing in it after I saw her. She was the most beautiful girl I have ever met and I don't think I will meet someone any better. She was wearing a pink T-shirt and pink shots. I asked in my mind what is she doing here? Who is running heaven then? Or am I in heaven?. 

Suddenly she looked at me, can't blame her, who wouldn't look at a handsome guy. Just kidding, I think it was because I was staring at her for a couple of minutes.  I looked away and I was finding it hard to look at her again. I don't know why I felt that way maybe it's because she was too pretty and my heart couldn't take it. Maybe she is not amazing but when you are in love, the person you love is the prettiest. It takes almost 2 days for us to reach our destination and I didn't care if it took a month. 

Part 2 tomorrow 😅.
This is a true story....

I don't even know why I am writing this to be honest. It doesn't matter, I decided to write it. Please give me your valuable feedback, DM or comment, doesn't matter. Upvote it if you liked my effort. Thank you. See you tomorrow 🖤.