Just wanted to share my life story in a place where my mother won't see it. by t2_csarfgh9

Born in Jan of 1989 to a woman I won't name, was adopted on the day of my birth. Birth father was killed by his meth head uncle defending his grandmother, also a meth addict.

Spent my early childhood in small town Wisconsin, drunk absent father, drunk abusive stepmom. My right eye only opens a few milimeters because of an abusive "accident." Adoptive parents divorced when I was only a few months old, my mom got full custody and had to force my dad to have a relationship with me and my brother by dropping us off and his house during the summer and some weekends. I know if it wasn't for her I wouldn't even know my dad. We never told my mom what went on at my dad's house for fear of her cutting off contact entirely.

My mom worked real estate and was rarely home, had a couple babysitters but never daycare. From a very early age we stayed home alone 5 maybe 6. Never actually stayed home, most of the time after walking home from school we'd just wander the town, unsupervised. Small shop owners on the main road thru town all knew us. Had my first kiss when I was in second grade, don't remember the girls name but I can picture her face. We had this sitter when I was 5 I think, showed me her tits and touched a little, at the time I thought it was awesome but now than I'm in my 30s I realize I was being sexually abused. I was taught how to ride a bike by a girl that lived next door because my parents were never around. First phonecall I ever got from my dad was on my 13th bday, never any letters, postcards or presents.

Fast forward a bit and my mom moves us to Nebraska right before highschool starts. Never got bullied, I was 6'1" since 7th grade and 220lbs. Played football for a bit till my knee got badly injured and even after recovery and the doctor telling I can play again I chose not to. I had a crush on this girl that me andy group of friends called "pink choker girl," she wore this a spiked pink choker, never told her about the crush but we became pretty good friends later in life. I had this one Spanish teacher senior year, I caused trouble in his class, he straight up pulled me aside after class one day and told me that if I would just sit there quietly he'd pass me, I took his offer. Graduated class of 2007.

Went thru college mostly on scholarships, nothing interesting happened in those years.

Lost my virginity when I was 16 at a friend's Halloween party. His older sister was supplying the booze, she was maybe 28ish.

After college I had first gay experience when I was 24 maybe 25 don't remember. I went to a gay club with a close as moral support, he hadn't even come out to his parents yet at this point. Had an amazing time. Got a little too drunk and danced with a guy, kept drinking and talking and ended up making out with this guy for like 10 minutes. In my defense he was gorgeous. He gave me his number and I never called him, still feel terrible about that to this day. Who knows what might've been if I had just swallowed my pride and embraced the fact that I had a real connection with another man. 

I ended up falling in love with a girl that I worked with for a while, told her how I felt, we went on like two dates and she told me she doesn't have those feelings for me. Had a couple relationships since but nothing lasting. We're still friends to this day and I'm still crazy about her but can never tell her...

I've been suicidal for years, I own several guns and many ways I could do it. Honestly don't know why I haven't yet.

Now I'm 32 yrs old, manage a gas station, never did anything with my degree in accounting. I make $15/hr, I'm content in my current state of life but I wouldn't say happy. 

Edit: I never expected so many people would read my story. Thank you for all the supportive comments.  Much love to all of you