Depression by t2_5wcyko2f



Depression

I’ve battled depression my entire life. Some days are better than others, and some days are wonderful. But some days I can literally feel the beast that is my depression hovering over me like a thick blanket of darkness and sadness. I can feel her pressing down on me, a weight so intense and heavy it takes me weeks to recover. Her visits are more controlled now that I’m managing her with medication, but I will always live on a fault line that threatens to crumble at any moment.

Depression has been my wicked travel companion through all the difficult times in my life. She’s encouraged me to end it all countless times and caused me to doubt my own self-worth. Even a great day can be cut short by her little whispers. “You will fail; you aren’t worthy of this life; you’re not pretty enough, not thin enough; your hair is too dark; you have nothing to offer anyone…” Depression is a bitch, and she’s damn good at what she does.

In the early days, depression came to me in the form of anxiety. Minutes would pass like hours, and every second of every agonizing minute was spent overanalyzing conversations I’d had with my boyfriend. Was he mad at me? Why wasn’t he calling me? Did I say something wrong? Was he with someone else? Surely he had found someone newer and better and much more deserving of his love and affection than me. And when he would finally call I would fake happiness so as not to scare him away with my issues and insecurities. And when we would hang up I would spend hours crying alone in my bedroom wondering why love hurt so fucking much? I didn’t know then that the lies my depression was telling were just that- lies!

After high school, my depression and general self-loathing drove me to seek approval from everyone. Even assholes I couldn’t stand, or strangers online. I had to be liked because approval was a security blanket that I could hide from myself under. If I sent this picture to this guy, he would like me and he would WANT me and that would be enough. If I used the right drugs with the right people, we would be friends and that would be enough. If I slept with enough people, eventually it would all be enough and I could finally like myself. If enough people approved, I could finally be happy.

Unfortunately there is no “happy ending” to this story. I’m still at war with the lost girl I see in the mirror. I still feel small. I still battle depression. But writing helps. And as long as I can do that, maybe someday I’ll find my “enough”.