I killed a rapist who was about to assault a woman. by t2_4s4dcz61

I have a mild Asperger’s complex. It’s been there since the age of five. I’ve always struggled with crippling shyness. It wasn’t until my late twenties that that shyness turned to loneliness. I live in a motel room with cash I make from a side job at a bakery. I hate my life.

I think it was at age 27 when I realized I genuinely wanted to die. It was never a complaining thing; I think that whining and complaining about your problems makes them less real. It was all on the inside, and it was a plan.

Ever since I was a kid, I always wanted to be a superhero. All I ever wanted to do was help people. But you can never look too inviting walking around the streets of Miami at night. I’m not a very attractive person. I always look threatening. The way my face is composed, my eyes are stern and locked, and my jaw sticks out a little too forward. I look like a meat-head bodyguard without the muscle.

I always knew that if I saw someone getting mugged, I would intervene. I had way too little self-worry to care about my well-being. I walked those streets for three years. The worst thing I ever saw was a hobo junkie trying to sell me a heroin needle. (I didn’t take it.)

I could never kill myself manually. I wasn’t afraid. It’s just that, in my head, I couldn’t go out like that. That was cowardly, and it was so overdone. You hear on the news all the time about the depressed businessman divorcee with the overflowing debt who cut his wrists in the hotel room. That wasn’t me. That wasn’t my style.

I wanted to die saving a life.

Couple nights ago, I was walking down by the pier and heard some scuffle from an alleyway. I walked over and saw a man pinning a woman against the wall. She was drunk, he was not. The woman was kind of putting up a fight. But her drunkenness left her with no energy. She was practically flailing her arms around, and he would slap them away.

The woman reminded me of my mother. Pretty, somewhat Italian, really wide brown eyes. So, I guess for that reason, I felt an immediate connection with her. It was weird, given the situation, that I would take the time to form an emotional connection. But I’m pretty fucked up.

The man went from toying with her almost, to slamming her head back against the wall. She groaned, then dropped. That’s when he went to undo the buttons on her dress.

The adrenaline made me move. I walked over to intervene, but he was already throwing punches. I was coughing up blood by the seventh. I fell over by the trashcan. Through my faded vision, I saw him pick up the girl and start walking away.

I was always a quick thinker. I took off my shoe and started to undo the laces. Once I held the string in my hand, I walked over to the man, threw the string over the back of his head, and yanked toward me. The string caught his neck, and he began to choke. For some reason, he kept trying to walk forward, like I hadn’t just begun to murder him.

He caught on after the first four seconds. He slowly let the girl tumble to the ground, then started to tug at the string. The noises that came from him was the part was messed me up the most. It was like a pig dry-heaving or being drowned. It was like a fucked up version of David and Goliath.

In the movies, it takes about 10 seconds to choke someone out. In real-life, it takes about two minutes. I learned that that night.

In my head, the scenario in which I died would always go like this: The bad guy would be a mugger with a blade. He would have a lady or someone in his grasp. I would sweet-talk while moving forward under his subconscious. Then I would lunge. He’d drop the lady and stick me in the gut, but not before I forced the knife into the neck. Then we’d bleed out together. I would know the lady was safe, and I’d die peacefully.

The way it ended up going, I was still alive. The lady was unconscious at this point. I’m pretty sure he roofied her drink. My stomach and lungs hurt like a motherfucker from the punches, but I had to tend to her. I stood and picked her up in my arms. She was really light. Maybe 115. The walk to the police station wasn’t very far, nor difficult. I took her inside. They made me undergo a really long process. Took a few weeks to get everything settled, but I was happy to do it.

The girl thanked me after, then we parted ways. I never saw her again. But I hope she’s very happy.

I don’t feel like ending my life anymore. Maybe it’s because I served a purpose that night. Or maybe it’s because I couldn’t forgive myself if it happened to a future girl. All I know is that I’ll be there when it does to do the same thing over again.

I’d like to think I did the right thing.