My former bully saved my life by t2_bdmm6zd

When I was young I met a boy who I will call Zachary, who is 2 years older than me. Zachary was a stereotypical bully, nowhere near Biff from Back to the future and nowhere near that kid in the black shirt in phibias and Ferb, but somewhere in between. 

But he was still ruthless. He likes to pick on you, call you names and exploit your worst fears, and if he gets bored he likes to start conflicts between best friends by using fake evidence, he seldom shows his good side. 

But whenever the kids come crying to the teachers Zach uses his charm and manipulation to make the kid look like the perpetrator and he is the victim and he wins every single time. This is because Zach is the student head of year, and the captain of the soccer, swimming and running team. 

He bullies me because he sees me as an ‘easy target’ Here are some of the things he did to me:

* when he found out I was terrified of bees he managed to install a giant bee farm in the school garden and yours truly was ‘chosen’ to be the main beekeeper
* he manipulated one of my friends to think that I hate him (complicated)
* he framed one of my best friends for having alcohol on his possession
* in a Halloween costume party, I came as a werewolf superhero and he ‘accsidently’ set my cape on fire

Then came that fateful day. My geography class went on a trip going whitewater rafting (can't say where (fear this will give away my location)) and I was in a raft with 4 of my friends and I was sitting in the back with Zach, who ignored me as he was under watch by 3 teachers.

I can't fully remember everything that happened before the accident. Just bright sun, lots of water, and me screaming my lungs out. Then suddenly we went over a giant rock that ripped our raft into shreds in an instant. One moment I was sitting in an uncomfortable position, the next I was thrown like crazy in the rapids. Then pain on my head. Then everything was black.

I woke up regurgitating water from my chest (I don't know how to explain the experience but wet) and Zach standing over me with a look of relief on his face. It turned out when the raft got ripped up, I hit my head on a large rock that knocked me out, and it nearly sent me to the bottom of the rapids that would have been my grave if Zack hadn't seen me and immediately dive down to rescue me.

Zack, a guy who nearly burnt me and made me face my worst nightmare had saved my life.

I owe him an unpayable Dept, and after he saved my life Zach changed almost like a flip of a dime and he apologized to everyone about what he did. I forgave him and we have been friends ever since.