I got an internship at Adult Swim this fall despite my rocky art journey (inspirational read) by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

I told this story to a family member and they told me how inspirational it was so I thought I’d spread it around. 
Context: I am a black girl from inner city Cleveland, where the schools are shit and the art programs are non existent. My whole life I was told I was a “great” artist but when I went to the big art school in my town to study animation (the school is 95 percent white, with kids who had the privilege of going to much better schools) I realized how behind I was. 

Professors would question to my face how I got into the school, telling me that if I couldn’t properly paint, how could I do anything Else? Everyone else was drawing circles around me and I just couldn’t catch up. I went from being a straight A student in HS to B-, Cs, D+ student in college. My mom was disappointed and decided not to fund my tuition anymore, and I had to take out a small loan. 

The school I go to has us audition at the end of freshman year for your spot in a major. For animation, there were 15 spots, with 120 freshman applying. If you didn’t get in? A whole years tution is wasted OR pick a different career in art. Of course, I didn’t get in. I immediately gave up on everything and stopped going to classes because what was the point?? I cried for days, feeling like a failure to my mom (who wanted me to be a lawyer at the law school she worked for that was coincidentally right next door to the art school I was attending). Eventually though, I got an email from the head of animation saying that he’d like to speak with me. He told me he remembered my cartoons but that I needed to work on certain areas to really excel in animation. After some negotiations and personal homework assignments, he opened one extra spot for me in the major, and I got in by the skin of my teeth. 

Unfortunately the damage was done since I had given up on my classes two weeks prior, and I graduated freshman year w a 2.5 GPA, and was put on acedemic probation and almost lost a scholarship. 

Sophomore year I struggled. For a whole year straight I was humiliated again and again during critiques of our art bc I was so behind skill wise. 
One professor even called one of my animations “a hot ass mess”. That same professor told me in private that he saw potential in me and that I haven’t reached my ceiling and that’s why he went so hard on me. Gradually I started getting better, and my grades climbed.

Sophomore year I graduated with a 2.7 GPA.

Important to note: The number one thing that art students covet the most is an internship with a big company. It shows how much you’re “worth” I guess. 

Junior year (this last year) was easier. I had worked hard all summer practicing my craft, got better at life drawing and came back as one of the better students, but still with some faults here and there. It’s important to note that my classmates never saw me as competion, not that I wanted that. Art students are pretty pretentious, and they never really saw me as someone who they had to beat. I applied to internships not really expecting anything back. In March while I was on a class trip, I got an interview for Adult Swim, which confused the fuck out of a lot of people. What they didn’t know was that I had doing a lot of volunteer work and made posters for school events on my down time AND was a teaching aid for freshman students, so my resume was packed). 

Long story short. Two months later after interviews, I got an email saying I had been chosen for the internship, and suddenly I had gained respect from all of my peers and professors. I had finally shown them that I am worthy of your attention and I deserve to be apart of this major that kids fight so hard to get into. 

There were so many nights when I wanted to just give up bc I was exaughsted from working all night on something I knew was just gonna get me roasted, but I’m so glad I didnt. I’m glad that I continued to belive in myself even when my own mom didn’t.

I will never give up on something I belive in ever again, and I hope this story inspires you all to do the same.

Edit: Junior year just ended. GPA is now at a 3.1.