Story of the first date I have ever had with a guy. It wasn't appropriate...and I can only see it now years later. by t2_4guz52bx

 (Warning, there might be some slight references that might be triggering to some people)

I was 12/13, I had never kissed anyone before. I studied in a small rigid school, no one was allowed to show any kind of more intimate gesture not even holding hands, so I didn't really think about those things and I only had girlfriends as friends. I was very naive.

I meet him outside of school. He was interested in a similar sport as me and we had some classes of it together. He was 16/17 at the time. Eventually, as a naive girl I started to have some curiosity for him since we spend some time together training every weekend. He admitted he thought I was older when I told him my real age (which I believe since everyone said so) Even so...he knew my age, and he knew I was completely innocent about anything that was related to dating or sexual life prior to anything happening between us. Eventually he kissed me after a training, and a couple of days later he called me to a date with his friends at the cinema. I was amused...as a young girl starting to live her first dating experience, I couldn't be happier, I thought I liked him and that he liked me back.

When I arrived he kissed me and presented me to some of his friends as a friend of his. I asked him about another friend that we had in common and he just said she was busy and couldn't come. Fast forward to the actual cinema and... he started to kiss me, a lot, and then he touched me, on my breast, inside my bra, and then even my private parts. Even tho I was trying to take his hand out I was also ashamed of letting other people know what was happening. His friends were sitting on the line above us so, they could see everything. So, I just let him be... I can't say that I tried a lot to make it stop but thing is, I wasn't supposed to even be there on that position, and that's what the 12/13 year old me didn't understand. I felt that even if I didn't like what was happening that I couldn't do anything about it. So I let it happen... eventually he just stopped and kept only kissing until the end of the movie. In the end, they all went away partying and I said I couldn't go because I had to be home early (I was younger like, it was expectable) and he just said ok, gave me one more kiss and left alone there, at night, waiting for my father to pick me up. My father noticed that I was alone and asked why, I lied, told him that they had just left, but I had been there waiting on a parking lot for more than half an hour.

After that, we never actually had anything else, but I kept seeing him on training, and actually, at the time, I didn't even realized what happened and that he just used me as a show off to his friends. And later I came to know from one of his classmates that is actually from my family that this guy had shared nudes from his ex-girlfriend with all his class. That girl, was the girl that I asked him about that was also an acquaintance of mine. I understood why she didn't come to that cinema plan.

I don't know how much this actually affected me or not... I never had any special problem with depression or anxiety or anything like that, but, I can recognize my dating/sexual life had some strange paths after that...I only had 2 partners until now but, I can't say "No", I can't remember a time where I said No to sex to the partner I have now for almost 2 years, even if he never ever pushed me to anything. Prior to that, when I was 16/17, I agree to have sex with a guy what was 20/21 because that was the only way to keep some kind of relationship with him since he broke up with me prior to that but enjoyed our sexual life. I was even more stupid to proceed with an actual serious relationship with that person after that, and it lasted for almost 3 years.. yeah, it wasn't good, he became very obsessed with me and manipulative. I was so proud of myself when I finally ended it.

Back then, I actually thought all of this was "normal" but, it isn't. Being 12/13 and having your first date with a 16 year old guy that will try to touch you isn't normal, someone touching you without permission isn't normal, no matter the age. Being 16 and a virgin, and having to provide sexual encounters to a 20 years old guy to keep a relationship with him isn't normal. Unfortunately, over the years, I think I've heard so many times stories similar to mine so, I just have to say, if you see your friend behaving like this with a young girl please say something, because probably she's too clueless to do anything and he just won't stop.