Why was I leaving my house in the middle of the night? by t2_4qmv299n

I bought an outdoor security camera recently on Amazon.  The camera was only $40 so I couldn’t resist becoming a first time security camera owner.

I installed the camera on top of my front entry door to my house.  The camera has a motion sensor and all day it picked up nothing but when I woke up the next morning I was shocked that I got a message on my phone alerting me that motion was detected.

When I reviewed the camera recording that was synced to my phone, I knew right away who this person was because it was me!

I could see myself leaving the house at 2:00 am and coming back at 4:10 am.  I have zero recollection of ever leaving the house.

The camera has me walking towards the town which is about a 10 minute walk and not getting into my car.

The most disturbing part of the video is when I returned.  I had a facial expression that I had never seen before in a mirror or a picture of myself.  I had a smile very similar to the Joker but with no makeup on.

I rarely drink alcohol so I couldn’t blame it on a blackout.  

My wife is a deep sleeper.  I could have a marching band in the bedroom and she would sleep right through it.

There was no medical condition that fit my problem.  I should have woken up 100 different times if I was sleep walking.

I could have been doing this for years or maybe last night was the first time.  I am completely perplexed and scared.  The image of myself smiling was one the creepiest images of anybody that I had ever seen.

The other part that completely disturbed me was that my sneakers were put back in their rightful place.  It might seem trivial but I knew enough to not only find my sneakers but also return them to the correct bin under the bench.

There’s a public trail that leads to the town so I figured that I must have taken that route.  The trail is pitch black at night and there are no lights or cameras.

I decided to force myself to stay up the next night.  I know this is extremely difficult for me because I’m one of those people who passes out at 9:00 am and up until last night I thought I didn’t wake up until 6:00 am.

So I did everything possible to stay awake from pacing to taking cold showers.  I managed to stay awake until 2:00 am and I decided to walk the public trail into town.

As I got into town I realized that there was a house, where the trail was close to its backyard.  There was a man in his 70’s that was standing on the  back porch with the lights on.  I recognized the man as the local museum curator.  I hadn’t seen this man in over six months when he put on a presentation at the museum.

I noticed that there were two other people who exited the trail in the pitch black and walked up his porch and into his house.  The museum curator, Cecil Combs just stood on the porch with his arms folded as person after person entered his house. The odd thing was is that he didn’t greet anyone.  The people just entered his house as sheep would enter their pen.  Everyone on the trail was expressionless.

I decided to follow the other people on the trail. I voided myself of any facial expressions  and entered his house.

The house was a standard two story town house. 

The house was sparsely decorated with balloons and a lighted disco ball.  Everyone who entered the house put on a party hat and formed a line that encircled the house.  The 20 people in the house were void of any expression and were standing about three feet apart. It reminded me of watching military movies of roll call being performed.  

Cecil closed the porch door.  He then dimmed the lights and put on an antique player recorder. The house kind of resembled a 1970’s disco dance floor with the disco light on.  The music was an instrumental upswing jazz type of music.

Cecil sat down in a chair and removed his clothes until he was was wearing only his brief underwear.  Then Cecil got up and danced around the house holding two maracas.  He went up to each person and would say “nice to see you made it,” then while continuing to dance  from person to person he would say “Thank You for coming” “Nice to see you”.  Each time he would say this to someone the person would put on that joker grin.  When Cecil was finished dancing around the house all 20 people had joker grins on their faces.  Then Cecil opened the back door and everyone left the house in single file fashion form with the same joke face.  The fear of the moment gripped me so I followed suit with everyone else and put the joker face on.

I walked back home wondering that was the most bizarre encounter that I had ever taken part in.  As I got closer to my house, I was finally able to figure out what was going on. Cecil had hypnotized me when I went to his presentation at the museum.  I remember very little of that presentation other than I was the only one who had attended that day’s presentation.