~Her And I~ by t2_4da5zisu

When I was younger, my older sister would always tell me about romance. She'd say that one day, someone will come along. That one day you'll meet someone who'll make all my problems just disappear. That one day you'll be in love. 

I'd always ask her how you'd know when you were in love, and she would say that you would just know. 

Fast forward to when I was 10. I became friends with someone called Lemon. Her appearance was basically in her name. Blonde hair, blue eyes. How we met? Well, my biological mother and I would always go to a cherry blossom tree up on a hill. My mother died when I was 6, so I would always go there in memory of her.

One day, I went there on my bike and saw a girl crying. I went up to her and hugged her, asking her what was wrong. "My grandmother's in hospital. Theres a chance she might not make it. It's heart disease." She said,  whipping her tears off her cheeks. 

I stood up, picking a stick with a few cherry blossoms on it. I sat back down and said, "this is sometimes what happens." I took a few cherry blossoms and threw them down the hill. "You cant see them anymore. It's like with family members. Just because you can't see them, doesn't mean they aren't there."

Soon, we were talking and laughing. We found out we were going to the same school. Ever since then, we'd hang out. And ten years later we were still friends. 

Except some things were different, we were both extremely clingy towards each other. We'd text each other till 12 am. Then wake up and text some more. We'd pass notes in class, and of course, we'd always hang out at lunch. 

One day, I realised that I loved her. The moment I realised was when she took and staring of my hair and tucked it behind my ear. She smiled at me, and I was blushing profusely. She giggled a little. Later that day, we met at the cherry blossom tree and I told her how I felt.

She blushed and stayed silent for a while. We both had our hands on the grass, and she slowly moved her hand over to mine until they were touching. Soon we were making out. Like my sister said, love was amazing.