The Time I Low Key Got Sexually Assaulted by t2_6qe147cg

It was new years night and I was at a party with 2 other close friends of mine, we are all dudes. Honestly I do not know how we ended up here, it was kind of one of those "friend of a friend" type of things. This place we were at was something out of movie, it was visually apparently that about half of everyone here is homosexual. Not that it is a problem, we'll just make some new friends tonight I thought.

There was something seriously sexual about this entire situation from the beginning, as there were people all over each other in the open. I recall looking around and seeing approximately 35 people in this relatively small house all doing different things, but the thing that caught my eye was a guy and whom I presumed to be his girlfriend standing in the kitchen. The guy stood there chugging orange juice straight out of the carton, as the girl poured whipped cream in her mouth. They were like a pair aliens sticking out like a sore thumb right in the center of this demented area. Once they finished replenishing, they immediately scurried off to the next available room in a stupor of lust leaving the kitchen empty, where the three of us would reside for the majority of the night.

Most of the reason for us staying in the kitchen was because that is where the alcohol was, and to avoid interrupting anything that may be happening on the night of the New Year. Two girls came together hand in hand to get drinks, and we all hit it off with them as they were nice people. One of them knew how to make fancy drinks which was an uncommon art among high schoolers. We were all having a good time chit chatting and minding our own business when a big, drunken, amazon of a woman came to our small group. Everyone recoiled in horror as she started spewing about her lost vape. Apparently someone either stole her vape, or she misplaced it. Either way the vape was gone, nowhere to be found.

Or maybe not, maybe it was her plan all along, because before I knew it her hands were gliding up and down my body in desperate search. I was pinned against the counter by her, as she kept going. There honestly is nothing I can do physically at this point to get her off of me, so I just try to talk my way out of this strange situation. She ending up slipping her hands under my shirt and feeling my chest and abs as she said "Just give it to me."

My friends were watching in almost disbelief, not knowing if they should break up this confrontation, or just let it die out. I spewed "I don't have your vape."

She clearly did not believe me as she dipped her hands down towards crotch, and began feeling me up. This of course was the end of the line for me and I grabbed her wrists and told her again that I do not have her vape, and that she needs to get off of me. She reluctantly gets off mumbling something about no one here being straight here, and wandered off. I was left in a dull shock as the two girls began to say that was weird and asked who that was. My friends actually thought that I knew this person, perhaps out of drunken judgement. Needless to say that I avoided her the rest of the night.

This was pretty uncomfortable, and no one really knows except the people who were there.