How I got a bully to stop bullying me by t2_35jl3idc

Hello! I don't really post here but I thought I'd share this since I was inspired by some reddit reading videos. I hope you enjoy my story.  


*Bit of a backstory*: This guy was bullying me since kindergarten all the way till highschool. I was always pretty awkward and I was targeted easily by some. I didn't get bullied too much but there were some people that didn't like me since I was pretty nerdy (games, books etc.) and I was also a metalhead later on (there is a stigma here about metalheads being 'degenerates who worship Satan'). This guy in particular wasn't very fond of me. I always chose to avoid the limelight due to my calm and awkward demeanor, while he was chasing attention **EVERYWHERE.** 

This eventually led to him being a popular kid. I was always the kind to mind my own business and avoid confrontation when I could but when I got pushed to the edge I would fight back without caring for the safety of my attacker. For some reason though, this guy was always particularly scary for me and I could never fight him back.  He was taller than me and would regularly push me, shove me, insult me, sometimes even punch/slap me.  This went on for 10 years approximately.

&#x200B;

*Fast forward to the big day*. Lunch break at school. I'm talking to my friend when this bastard from the class of the bully starts going apeshit on one of my classmates. As I try to separate them  with the help of my friend, the bully shows up out of nowhere and he, instead of helping us separate them, grabs my by the shoulder, turns me around and grabs my head between his hands and starts screaming bloody murder into my face. I can feel my blood pressure rising. I'm panicking, and I have a flashback of all the things he's done to me. Finally I snap and I tilt my head back a bit and I slam my forehead into his upper lip. He staggers back noth from shock and surprise. This runt hit him back for the first time ever. He pulls up his arms and then switches back to holding his hand on the lip as it was busted. He is scared to hit me. He shouted some profanity at me and ran away. 

&#x200B;

At this point I am surprised myself as are few of the students who saw what happened. As I recollect myself I realize I might be in trouble after the school's over. The next few classes went as usual and as I made my way to the exit, a friend tell me that the entire male section of the Bully's class is waiting for me outside. I tell him that it's okay if they batter me up because I will fight back from now on no matter what and I got my point across. 

Sure enough there they were. One of them starts coming for me and as I'm getting ready to defend myself, the bully steps in and tells the guy to leave me alone and that he will take care of it. Now, as I mentioned in the backstory, I know how to fight but I'm also very aware of the physical differences at hand. I thought I was gonna get clocked but he comes to me puts his arm around my shoulder and proceeds to *quietly* (and I mean quietly) tell me about how we're 'friends from kindergarten' and that we ' shouldn't fight' and similar things. As I wanted to avoid more drama I agree and we part our ways with a handshake.

&#x200B;

Ever since that day, he's been nice to me, says hi to me, even invited me on his birthday  once during highschool. I want to point out that he was still a douchebag but he wasn't a douchebag to me anymore. Haven't seen the guy in years but I hear he has a gambling and alchohol problems, which doesn't surprise me.  


And that is how I defeated my bully. Excuse the spelling mistakes and maybe some improper use of English, because it's not my native language. Thank you for reading and have a great day!