Confessing to my crush of 5 years by t2_35l1gn35

It happened just last week lmao

Back when I was in Grade 7, I had a crush on this girl who we'll call A, and another one who we'll call T. I already told what happened when I confessed to A (I got rejected, my self-esteem got knoked down a peg, things got awkward, everyone in the class somehow knew about 2 years later). 

T is quiet, shy, and smart; my exact type of girl I find really attractive. She's pretty too so that's a plus. Anyway, T and A were my crushes back then but I was more attracted to A back then so T stayed on the sidelines. 

Then, my confession with A happened. Felt terrible and didn't want to think of anything related about romance.

Fast forward to Grade 8. T and I were classmates again. Slowly but surely, my feelings for her started to resurface. I tried flirting with her but I was too shy and scared. I guess you could say I got "traumatized" after the first confession.

Then, Grade 9. T and I were still classmates. Again, I tried flirting and being close with her, but I was too shy. Then, I noticed that one of my good friends (who we'll call D) also had a crush on T, and T also had a crush on
D. I was saddened, obviously. But, I figured that I might as well let D have her since they might get together and be happy, and I wasn't making any progress anyway. However, two major things happened: T and D didn't get together, and I managed to get myself a (now ex) girlfriend.

Fast forward to Grade 10. T and I, somehow, were still classmates. I still had a crush on T, but I knew I couldn't do anything about those since I had a girlfriend at the time so I just repressed those feelings. Oddly enough, for some reason, this was the year where I had so many chances to talk and get close to her but I can't. We were seatmates for an entire class, and we were talking to each other. I just found those as life bullshitting me for not giving me those opportunities when I was still single. 

Then, Grade 11. My ex and I broke up for reasons unrelated to T. I didn't want anything related to romance during that period; until, I had a dream about T. The dream was about us hanging out and she confessed that she liked me. I was very happy, until I woke up because I forgot to turn off the lights. That moment made my feelings for her resurface once again, and it was a lot stronger this time due to it being repressed. I couldn't talk to her properly due to the quarantine (yes, I could chat her but I'm too shy), so I didn't make any progress at all.

Fast forward to this month. I already knew that she was going to reject me. I mean, we barely talked, I barely made any progress, and we weren't even that close. I knew I just had to confess to finally let these feelings go to move on properly.

Then, the time of reckoning. I decided that I would confess to her on this Sunday. So, with a little help from my good friend to help me calm down my nerves; I sent her my confession message. My heart was pounding, five years of unrequited feelings finally let out. And what was her response? Nothing. She left me on read. It definitely left a sour taste in my mouth. I mean, I poured my heart out for you, and you didn't even bother to respond? Oh well, I told my friend that she left me on read and I thanked him for sticking with me.

After that confession, I felt like a huge weight was lifted off my chest. It was like, freedom, in a sense. Although, I was kinda hoping that she would respond and say yes, but oh well. But, at least I got what I wanted, to finally tell her and move on properly.