I shit my organs out by t2_t036ywnz

It was on a Monday morning, i had school in 30 minutes - i badly needed to take a shit, once i got on my round old toilet which we have had for like 10 years but it has never broken down, so we never needed it replaced. I started pushing and as usual, out of my behind was a shit, but after a few seconds, my shit was still going in one big line. It had been a whole minute and shit was still rushing out. I got very worried and finally called out to my mother (which was the only one still home).

She came up asking if i was alright, while shit was still gushing out of me almost completely filling up the toilet at this point - i told her “I cant stop shitting!” then she tried to open the door, however i had locked it on the way in and the lock was from the inside, but i couldn’t get of the toilet otherwise shit would be dropping on the floor. At this point. i decided to get up and unlock the door anyway because i was extremely desperate.

As soon as i stood up, i felt an enormous pain gush from my gut area, then, i saw the water and the colour of my shit turn blood red. I was screaming now and my mum was trying to ram the door while calling 000 (911 but Australian). I was now in extreme levels of pain you couldn’t even imagine, than i felt something big trying to come out, it wasn’t brown like poo, or red like blood, it looked like to what i could only imagine one of my organs.

As the organ started coming out further, i couldn’t believe i hadn’t passed out, i was screaming at the top of my lungs and it felt like i had been shot all over my body, yet i was still alive to feel the pain. Then, all of a sudden, my butt shot out long organs and my intestines. My but crack was cut wide open and all you could see was blood, shit, and bloody organs. I then passed out.

Apparently, the ambulance had arrived and found me and were dumbfounded. They rushed me straight to the hospital and i am on my death bed with hundreds of cords attached to me as i am writing this. I cannot feel anything and i am probably going to die.

~Please give me any feedback about this story. This is my first and i would like to improve, criticism accepted.~