My Wife's sisters best friend is my ex by t2_32nv20o4

          I know people are gonna say move past it and I have, but  she(ex) just makes it so weird. You know what, let me just try to give yall the story. I was fresh out of highschool,my friend who I had grown up with my whole life had just got engaged to his high school sweetheart(sil now). She was always trying to hook me up with her friend(my now ex). Eventually after months of hanging out, and basically the ex throwing herself at me I gave in despite some very apparent warning signs. 
         She had confided to me that both of her past boyfriends had been sexually abusive towards her, and that she often thought of killing herself. I thought that I could help her and show her that not all guys are like that. Little did I know what I was in for. Months go by of the same routine of me talking her down from panic attacks ,and off the perveribial ledge so to speak. Until one day I get this long message of how we are done because she just wasn't happy because of me. In the weeks prior I did everything I read about helping someone through depression; I even went and found professional help for her. You can imagine I was heart broken. I spent a year and a half developing feelings for this girl and she broke up over text with me on my birthday. Now I completely would have understood if she would have taken the time to actually do it in person, and tell me we just weren't right together, but this was anything but that. This event was pretty hard on my friend circle as SIL was my exes only friend, and she was just as worried as I was about her. Next thing I know she(ex) starts putting all these posts on Facebook about how I raped her and beat her, which was completely made up. For three months my entire friend circle alienated me as some sort of sick rapest type. Eventually she came clean about making all of it up. 
         My SiL's sister started messaging me and told me she never thought I was that kind of person ,and that she always wanted to be with me. Fast forward to today we are happily married. However my SIL is still friends with my ex and invites her to all of our events. I have tried to make peace with her, but she wont even look me in the eye let alone have a conversation with me. I like to think that she is just so embarrassed about what she made me out to be that she can't face me. I don't hold a grudge against her because I think she just has a sick mind. Anyways thanks for reading! Moral of the story don't ruin somebodie's reputation for no reason. I had family members question whether I was a rapist/abuser over this sick women.