That one time my heart stopped, and everything that’s followed it. by t2_467flinq

This has got to be the most terrifying thing i have ever and will ever experience in my life, so you have been warned i guess. Well this goes back to 2018, around mid summer I believe. My grandfather had just passed away, I fell into a deep depression, got into hard drugs and got expelled from my high school. Everything was going wrong. One day i decided to buy some xanax off of a dealer i just met, i bought 3 pills and took them all as soon as i got inside. The next thing i knew i was upstairs, in my living room, being questioned by my parents as to what i took and i replied, stupidly, that i bought some weed off a dealer i just met. So my parents drove me to the hospital, took me in to the emergency room and that’s when i started to overdose. I collapsed and woke up in this, what could only be described as a void. A dark, empty space devoid of light, air, gravity, anything. I couldn’t move, I couldn’t breathe, I couldn’t feel anything but this cold. It wasn’t like a winter cold, but almost like the cold you feel after waking from a nightmare. I tried opening and closing my eyes and nothing changed. I tried screaming and nothing came out. I tried breathing and my chest stood still. I couldn’t even think. Time felt both as if it stood still, and as if it raged on without me like the waters of a river, flowing from a glacier. It felt like i was there, in that chill embrace for weeks, months, even years. I had lost just about lost my grip on everything that kept my mind together. I was mortified. I had never been ultra religious but i had at least thought there was something. Maybe the mind gives you what you interpret as death in your final moments, but I saw no light. No tunnel. No angel. No demon. No god nor no devil, or any interpretation of the two. Just endless nothing, like the space between atoms, or galaxies. Then just like it never happened i snapped awake on a hospital bed, I let out a single scream then clenched myself, shuddering for minutes on end until my parents finally calmed me. It took me this long to even be able to somewhat sleep normal again. Some nights i lie awake in my bed, wondering if everything i saw was real. Was there really nothing after death, or were those just the hallucinations of a mind overflowing on chemicals it never should have had. But ever since then, every time i close my eyes, every time that i experience true darkness, i feel that exact same cold again, like it’s trying to pull me back under with every single breath i take, with every inch i crawl, and all I know is that when i close my eyes for the last time, I will become part of that cold again