Am I... Real? by t2_14tpdn

A vivid memory that haunts me constantly:

I was a normal kid: I was in elementary school, a lot of friends, a loving family and a beautiful house. I was a normal kid... a very happy kid.

July 27th, 2010, 5:00 P.M, driving on the A6 highway through the Netherlands, close to the infamous Stone Elephants. Me, a 10 year old boy, looking out the window. No phone, no games, just the view... back in the days when we had no worries, no pressure. Fun, fun and more fun. The trees passing while travelling at the old 120km/h limit...

Then light, a flash, a shock, pain, terror... suddenly, we stopped moving. I looked around, mortified and confused. Next to me my mother, blinkers on. Disoriented but still awake, I freaked out: Cars coming from the wrong side, it was the most terrifying thing i've ever gone through, cars passing by like you're 1 meter from a train...
 "Did we spin? How heavy was this crash?" The last thought before darkness, as black as black can be...

I woke up in my own bed, alarm going off at 7:00 a.m. "was this a dream?" I thought. It felt so real...
Turns out, it FELT real. I tried to get out of bed, but I couldn't, I was paralyzed, everything I felt was pain. When I finally got out, I could barely walk. Frequent sharp pains in my left shoulder were most abundant. I turned towards it... disclocated. It was in the weirdest position I could imagine, and I had no idea how it happened. I yelled for mom, she rushed over, looking completely fine. I assured myself the accident was a bad dream and I made a wrong turn while sleeping. The paralysis and pain in the rest of my body though, unexplainable.

I was taken to a doctor who popped my arm back in. He gave me some medicine and the pain went away. Suddenly, I fainted... again, I saw nothing. 

I woke up on the couch, sitting, playing on my DS, like I missed some part of my life. I checked the date because I wasn't in school... July 31th, Saturday. How did I skip 4 days? Around noon we had a family conference, customary and everyone always present. Except my mom...

"Where's Mom?"

Everyone looked at me at the same time, confused. "She's still in the hospital" Dad replied. How did this happen? What's going on here? I started doubting everything, as a 10 year old, an existenstial crisis. Maybe the accident was real... My mom returned from the hospital a few days later, healthy as a horse. I didn't dare to ask what happened or why she was gone. I accepted the fact that I might be dead...

Almost 9 years later:

Since this event I hear things. Beeping, crying, yelling, mumbling... everything faint but present. The sounds are random, during the day, often when I daydream, on my bike for example. I see people, the deceased, looking at me, then vanishing once I look behind me. People talk to me, people I have never met, yet I know them. It freaks them out.
I know things I'm not supposed to know, like I make them up but they're accidentally true. Every book I've read I knew the ending, I just can't put it to words. I feel like I make the rules of this world, yet cannot control them.

Is this world a creation of my mind? Am I dead? Alive? In a coma? What about the humans I interact with, new inventions, my school's curriculum?

"Am I real?"

That is the big question.