The feeling (real story) by t2_5mmk9tn4

My dad died when I was twelve. It was like somebody turned off the light. Everything became dull and lifeless. The wound had been healing for a long time, but finally, the house became brighter. And so did life. I stopped waking up at night hearing my mother's restrained sobs.

Years passed. Dad's face began to fade. Only a black-and-white photo on my mother’s bedside table reminded me of him. As well as the closet, still full of his clothes.

Every spring my mother cleaned up in there. It was like a ceremony on father’s birthday. She carefully pulled out his shirts and flattened them with her hands. Then she folded them up and laid them back down. Then she took out a box with his watch, pens, and other stuff. 

Sometimes she would say something about dad. Something I had heard many times before-- But more often she just cried in silence, and the large drops flowed down her pale cheeks, fell and left wet marks on the old fabric.

At first, I accepted this tradition with respect and solemnity. Then, over time, it began to annoy me. What was it for? Why should we torture ourselves like that? After all, we couldn’t step back in time! I asked mom once, but she only smiled back with sorrow on her face. The new spring came and everything was repeated.

In the end, I left her alone with this poor tradition. My life was full of bright colors, not faded regret. I graduated from high school and moved to another city, enrolling in college.

Next spring mom got very sick. I made use of a weekend and went to her.

Mom lay nailed to a pillow with flu. I began to look after her with tenderness and compassion, as she had done for me long years ago. I made her tea with lemon, we talked until the darkness, even laughed. She fell asleep, and I also went to bed with a light heart.

I woke up early in the morning from a crash. I jumped up, rushed to mother’s room-- She had fallen while trying to open father’s closet. Today was another birthday. I helped her up, sat on the bed and said angrily: “What are you doing? You mustn’t get up! Well, since you want it so much, come on, let ME go over (deal with) his stuff this time.” 

What a pointless unnecessary ritual!

I furiously tore open the cabinet doors-- Dad’s old sweaters fell on me from the top shelf. I instinctively closed my eyes and suddenly-- The smell enveloped me-- It was HIS smell! Dad's aftershave mixed with the smell of diesel - the smell of his hands. It was his smell! He grabbed me and whirled, as he always did after coming home. I heard a whisper when he tickled my cheek with his hair: “Who is the most beautiful girl in the world?" 

And I saw his face. It was so close, so clear as if I saw him just this morning.

Memories stunned and disarmed me. My legs didn’t hold, I helplessly fell down, covered with dad’s sweaters and began to wipe the downpour of tears with them, frantically trying to catch the disappearing smell. I grabbed these old clothes in an attempt to remember, to seal it in my memory, having a panic fearing that the moment would pass and I would lose it now and forever.

But the face began to fade. The sense of a moment vanished like a haze. All this took only a few seconds, but the wound did reopen. Its edges became torn, and even time couldn’t darn it without a scar anymore.

Now, after so many decades, I can hardly remember my dad’s features again. I remember the emotions, that arose in me with the sudden awakening of the feeling that my dad was with me again. But I don’t remember the feeling itself. I lost it.

It was a real miracle that I was able to get there even for a moment. I am grateful for that chance and at the same time, I curse it. I wasn’t a happy child anymore. Since then and till the end of my life I have to live with this pain.