My dads badass ex by t2_ab01if6o

Back in the mid to late 90s, my dad had this girlfriend named Susan, and from what he told me and my brother, she was a TOTAL badass. She always used to dress very gothic. She wore combat boots and had her hair in a mohawk with the sides of her head shaved, and I’m pretty sure she wore tank tops too. And she loved to get into fights. There was one time where dad went into the store where they used to work together, and when he walked through the door, he saw a kid (about maybe 16) laying on the floor with his head busted open and covered in blood. He went to the back where Susan was, and he was telling her about what he saw when he came in, and she told him all about it. Turns out, that kid was paying for something, and then he just had a hissy fit and started spouting some shit to the cashier about change. Susan saw the whole thing, so she took a handful of coins and just straight-up chucked it at him, which busted his head open. He was being a real douche, so I can’t say he didn’t deserve what he got. There was another time where dad, his brother Brian, and Susan were going to meet up at the mall. Dad and Brian were outside the mall waiting for her, and she eventually comes. And as she’s walking toward them, some guy came up behind her and slapped her ass. Brian gets up to stand up for her, but dad pulls him back and says “watch this”. Susan turns around and kicks him straight in the knee with her combat boot, which immediately dislocated his knee. Then she just jumped on him and scratched the hell out of his face. Then she just walked in with them like nothing ever happened. Susan even almost came really close to being my mom. But then right before dad met my actual mom, Susan unfortunately passed away. I really wish Susan lived on so that she could become my mom. I say that because my actual mom, Megan, is pretty manipulative. I seriously wonder what I would have turned out like if Susan was my mom, because I’m already gothic asf and I listen to a lot of metal. My stepmom Jennifer is kind of like that. She dresses pretty gothic too, and even though she’s sweet as can be, she’s not the kind of person you want to piss off.