My homophobic cousin-in-law (comedy - NSFW) by t2_16mqhm

So my cousin has dated/lived with this guy for a few years (J), they had a son together and he was a manager at a fast food chain in my early 20's. I was moving to the city they lived in, because my girlfriend at the time got a job there. I had to quit my job and he offered to hire me at his store and I worked the grill.

Some nights were crazy, some nights were moderate but this place was pretty steady. We were having one of those super busy Friday nights, where we close at midnight but don't get to leave until 2am (due to all of the cleaning needed).

So I'm trying to make light of the situation, everyone is pissed off and I'm in a weird mood from sleep deprivation. I know he's homophobic just from family encounters and comments he's made, and he's always looked at me like I'm goofy as hell, so I just started hitting him with these rhetorical questions.

So I start light. "J, would it be gay if while you were fucking a woman, she had on a strapon and was fucking a dude?" 

J IMMEDIATELY responds, "That's gay". Almost as if he had thought of it before, that's how fast he answered. So I'm trying to think of all of these scenarios to stump him.

"J what if there were a million women in a line, all fucking each other (in a train) with strapons, and you were in the back fucking a woman, but there was a DUDE in the front?"

J goes "Yep that's gay". Just as fast as before, and I'm fucking dying laughing at this point because why did he answer so fast? There's no way he has thought of this at random before. I tried to explain that a million woman long train would be so long that he wouldn't even be able to see the guy at the front. Doesn't matter, still gay. So now I'm trying to come up with some insane ones.

"J, is masterbation gay?"

"No" says J

"But you're using a man's hands to jerk off?"

"Nah, it's not gay" says J

"Ok what if you had a perfect replica statue of yourself made of silicone and you fucked your statue in the ass. Is that gay?"

And I finally had J stumped. If using your own hands was not gay, then using your own butt surely isn't gay? J pondered on this rhetorical for a while but eventually concluded it was gay. I was cracking up because he couldn't explain why it was gay, just that it was.