I GOTTA POOP by t2_8ayltzt1

 

Okay, some background I shit a lot like 3-4 times a day and when I have to poop usually there is no holding it.

January 2020, Seoul Air Base South Korea. It was a cold January morning and the sun had just started to rise as I finish my bacon burrito and smoke my Newport 100 I feel bowel movement form, I walk to the bathroom as I sip on my ice-cold Redbull and sit on the ice-cold toilet only to release a large fart. I sit there for another 10 minutes waiting for the movement but nothing I wipe, pull up my pants, wash my hands and make my way to the helicopter. I climbed to chopper headed to another base. There were 8 of us on this journey, The pilots, Pound, and More. The Crew Chiefs Eddy and Hooty and finally the paxs John, Bullrook, Dorris and myself.

The helicopter takes off the vibrations start to loosen up the dookey. Five minutes into the flight I officially have to poop and I was using all my willpower to hold it. we are at 7000ft above sea level its at most -6 Celsius and I'm sweating bullets from holding the poop in. I can feel myself close to shitting my pants. I think to my self this cannot be happening I am not about to drop a deuce in my drawers at 7000 feet in an aircraft full of people oh god. I inform the people around me that I am minutes away from shitting my pants. Dorris reaches into his backpack and pulls out a beanie telling me to shit in that. It is defiantly a step up from my underwear. Squatting, pants now around my ankles, and holding the soft fleece beanie under my ass. I try to shit and all of a sudden I can't shit, Is this stage fright. finally, I can shit, a euphoric relief overcomes my body, I feel ten lighter. the beanie is 55% and it smells god awful. The smell fills the entire cabin and the cockpit. Everyone is scrambling for whatever fresh air they can get. without even think I open the floor cargo hook access door and drop the beanie full of my shit. everyone was filled with relief as the smell dissipates swiftly. All at once, we are overcome pure fear there is a large shit hurling towards a densely populated area south of Seoul. All I can imagine is some poor souls were hit with my shit all because I couldn't hold it.