The girl I met in the train, Part 10 by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋, this the 10th part of the story. So if you haven't read the first parts, please do, so that the story would make sense. You can easily find the previous parts on my profile, just click on my profile ' j0hnwikk ' above the title. I hope you will read them🤗.

I always wanted to do this late night walk with her. Our class finishes at around 7 in the evening. I really wanted to walk by her side atleast once. Just me and her, in the evening, walking by the sidewalk, after class, paradise. In the beginning we used to go in opposite directions after class but later I  started to go in her direction. I could go to my home through her way home, even though I had to walk a bit more than my previous route.

After class remi and Selena used to walk in front of us keeping a good distance from me and Mike. I wanted to walk beside her but I don't think they were in favour of my idea. They used to leave the class first and before we got down the stairs they would have already started walking. After a few months Mike stopped coming for tuition, he was lazy and his transportation after class was a bit difficult.

I was really hoping for that day to come when she would walk beside me. I asked my close friends for expert advice but none of them had any. All my friends were single, it's not because they never tried, it's because nobody was interested. Whenever one of my friends develops a crush for someone they approach me for advice. To this day I never really understood why. I'm a positive guy, so when they give me hints about the way she talks with them, behaves around them or even look at them, I convince them that their crush loves them too.

I talk in such a way that they believe every word I say, with the confidence they get from my talks , they express their feelings and ends up getting their heartbroken. Even after failing the first time they come to me again when they develop a crush on someone else. I want to believe in the thing called love and I want my friends to be with their crushes and I always give them a positive sign. I think the reason why they come to me is because usually I don't leak their information about their crushes and I talk in a way like a Love Guru does. I talk like a person who knows how things work.

So I decided to ask help from Google and You Tube. I think most of the people do it nowadays. Just type the words 'how to know if a girl has a crush on you?' and the internet gives a lot of advices, signs and much more. I watched quite a lot of those videos and looked for those signs from her behaviour. If she makes fun of you, if she walks really close to you while walking together touching you, if she laughs at your jokes, if she copies your style, if she acts a bit weird around you, ladies and gents, according to the internet,  that girl has a crush on you.

She did make fun of me few times, very few times. I did see her laughing at some of my jokes. I don't think she copied my style, actually I don't know how to figure that out. I thinks she acts a bit weird around me but to be honest I don't know how she acts normally, you know around other people. 

It was my first day after Mike stopped the tuition. Actually it was kind of a blessing, teacher asked me to sit with them. As usual selena sits next to me. The three of us had a nice time. After class they got down first. I got down only after a minute and I was surprised to see them waiting for me. I slowly walked towards them and I thought to myself 'tonight is the night' and it was.

I was walking in the middle, Remi was in my left side and Selena was in my right side. A dude walking in our opposite direction looked at me in an angry and jealous way. He was like 'who is this lucky ugly (censored)?'. I wanted to tell to him it is not what it looks like. 

We started walking together, side by side, and I was kind of shivering in a small way,I don't think anybody would notice it, anyways they didn't. It  was not the evening cool breeze that made my body act in such a way. Remi was was walking so close to me and our hands were touching. I tried to move to the side but still we made contact. They both were excitedly talking about something and I don't even know what it was. She was leaning towards me and I was just focusing on her. I was lost in the moment, I was just looking at her as we walked. She looked prettier every step we took. I felt like we took a thousand steps.

This walk together just lasted a minute but I guess time moves slowly when you are with the person you love. We reached Selena's home and wished her a good night. It was just me and Remi after that till we reached her home,just the two of us. Stars were watching, night was  getting colder, love was in the air and spotlight was on me.

Will be continued.


This is a true story so please don't expect something filmy😅. Thank you for reading.Your feedbacks are valuable,DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Give an upvote if you liked it. I will see you friends soon🖤.