When I was 10 I watched an hour and a half of caveman porn thinking it was 10,000 BC by t2_7828d59t

When I was a kid (2010) my dad collected DVDs and in turn it made me into a huge movie buff. Because I lived with my mom I didn’t have access to this collection but I wanted to watch movies like him. I quickly became unreasonably good at finding movie files online I could download to my desktop on my laptop. Somewhere in my search I ended up accidentally downloading this browser type thing—I completely forget the name—when clicked it would open a small grey window that felt a bit Window’s 97 esque but grey, and it had a search bar. Absolutely any movie I searched in was available for immediate download at varying (but mostly high) quality. It was a blessing and never let me down. I watched TONS of movies this way and I’d probably still use it today if that laptop wasn’t long broken

One of the movies he loved was 10,000 BC, so match that with the awesome case cover in his collection, it was on my list. I searched it, downloaded it, and sat down to watch it. It was 3 guys going around doing, stuff, I honestly can’t remember much. There was a cannibal tribe I know this. Why can’t I remember anything about the plot? *Because there was so much cave sex. So. Much. Cave. Sex.* I never saw a dick enter a pussy but I saw plenty of nice shots of them separately, and PLENTY of animalistic cave-man humping. There was one scene with this really thick woman bending over at a creek and some dude just comes up and started fucking her doggy-style! I sat there and watched and hour and a half of cave-man porn, and as the credits rolled I couldn’t stop thinking about how that was NOT what I expected and WHY did my dad like that movie so much?

Anyways I spent years just accepting the fact that 10,000 BC was a horrible movie, and somewhere along the road realized I didn’t actually watch 10,000 BC. So then where did this caveman porn come from? Turns out there must have been some titling mixup on that program because I watched the weird 80’s cave-fantasy movie ‘Quest For Fire’ which honestly should be R rated if it’s not already 😭 I gotta watch it again for nostalgia

TL;DR: Wanted to be like my dad so I spent an evening watching cave people have sex. It wasn’t actually even cave-porn, it was the weird 80’s movie Quest For Fire