I'm severely confused and disappointed by t2_1srk5yd2

Earlier today in school, I was gonna go get me a coke because I am a coke addict. When I was about to head into the cafeteria, I heard someone playing a guitar. I go to check it out and I was just standing there enjoying and wondering how are they so good. Doing nothing wrong. Then, a girl I knew just came up to me and told me not to talk to them. Me being insanely confused, I asked her why. She said I made them uncomfortable when I clearly didn't do sh*t. I just walked away for a little and then approached her again. She kept on telling me that I made the group extremely uncomfortable and never gave a complete reason. I just walked away and cried a little because I was severely confused and I just had a sudden hate at myself. I don't know what I was doing wrong. Another incident was when I was going to the corner store. It was clear they saw me and at corner of my eye I saw one of them flipping me off. Once a-fucking-gain I am left completely bewildered because I didn't know what I was doing wrong. Please someone please explain to me what I did wrong. I really want to change so that people feel comfortable with me.

Edit September 18: Thank you all for helping through a difficult thing in my life. I have had this problem for a long time and I wanted to add this piece because I feel guilty for not adding it. 

So when I left the girl, I went to some other people i that had a somewhat decent friendship going on. After I expressed my feelings and said what happened, they did what you guys were doing. Trying to comfort me when I am having a hard time understanding bullies. They unraveled my heart free from resentment and self hatred.  One of them sealed it off by giving me a hug and I just had this wierd and awkward feeling in my chest, as if the last chain of resentment was pushed away. I guess I am not really used to getting this type of love from people. But, now I am primed with this knowledge, I feel more relieved and I feel more confident in making friends. I feel like I am able to see color within the black and white mirror.

Edit2:I'm in high school.