I just found out my ex friend lied about their age by t2_ekeaxe8e

So, I met this person in college, and we became fast friends and hung out around school and campus. We’ve since fell out of touch and are no longer friends (and I’m glad for it) I will preface by saying this person struggled with their mental health and forgot things often, but that def doesn’t mean they didn’t know they were lying, as they didn’t correct me. 
Anyways; I was recently looking them up as one does to see if I could find anything about what they’re up to etc; and through one of those phone number pages, found their age listed as 34. This confused me, as according to my knowledge they’d be 26. Maybe it’s an old number or a relative? This led me to remember a weird encounter.
It was the first time we hung out, and they stopped for cigarettes at a convince store and got carded. The cashiers were trying to do the math, and mentioned some year in the 80’s. I asked my friend about this after, and was like “huh, that’d make you like…” trying to do mental math. 
My friend brushed it off awkwardly, and said “oh don’t worry about it” I let it go; and I distinctly remember many times since then either saying they were born in 1995; because I remember excitedly remarking, “oh! The same age as my sister!” And that’s how I remembered their age.  I was never corrected by them. 
So, I decided to find out for sure. Since I knew their name and the high school they went to, I was able to find that their school had yearbooks posted from the early 1900’s to 2014 (oh perfect, since my sister graduated in 2013 that’ll be an easy find!)
But no friend in the 2013. Uh oh. I did the math and a 34 year old would’ve graduated in 2005! I was 7 then! With a sinking feeling I turned to it and there they were, a senior in 2005. I felt sick. 
Their brother graduated 2 years before and there was no mistaking the two, I found pictures in each yearbook since their freshman year. It was them. 

Why would they lie? Would they think I wouldn’t want to be friends? (Uh, duh) A lot of things clicked into place about them and what I knew about their life. But it makes me so uncomfy, I let them into my home, gave them rides, and genuinely thought they were one of my peers. It’s also creepy when I remember they had an ex girlfriend who was 19-20. Did she know? I hope she did. 
But that is how I found out my ex friend lied about their age, and tainted any remaining good memories I had with them.