Severe child neglect by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

When I was in school, there was this girl in my class, she was popular and had a lot of friends, but I felt sorry for her because she was a pathological liar and had a lot of hygiene issues. She would come into class, and it sounds horrible but you could smell her before you saw her. The smell of days old sweat, that she’d try to mask with vanilla body spray, which in turn made it worse. She’d often brag about losing her virginity at eleven to a much older boy, how she’d get drunk with her mother and start fights, and often lied about how she’d lived in all these different countries, how her family were nearly millionaires. Some of her lies were just plain stupid, like how she told people her mother was German, but when she appeared in her parent’s night she clearly was not, also how she’d been to a nearby school and a gang of girls cut off all her hair, even though weeks later when I asked her about it she said she never went there. Her stories changed frequently, her mother was pregnant, then she wasn’t, her brother was in jail, then he was a lawyer. The issues she had were sad to witness, she was obviously smart and great at art, but she was a self destructive time bomb. That was bad enough, but I remember one day in gym class, I caught her putting her hair into a ponytail, as she collected the hair in her hands to tie it, I spotted lots of little white specks. I thought, maybe bad dandruff? And never thought anything of it, until I was in music class with her a few days later. It was then I spotted her hair moving, a fat brown nit scurried across her scalp, then more. I’d watch her scratch and scratch, and I wondered if anyone else spotted it too. Day by day, I watched them get bigger and bigger, the bloodsuckers using her head as a live bug nest, eating, defecating and breeding all in her own hair. I didn’t realise quite how bad it was until she sat beside me one day, I was careful to keep my distance as I know how fast the little buggers spread. They were literally falling out of her hair onto her shoulders, every strand of her hair was dotted with white eggs. By this point I felt real sorry for her, she came from a bad family and was always in trouble of some sort, she’d never been taught how to practise personal hygiene. The strange thing to me was she got her hair dyed twice while having them, and I don’t understand how she couldn’t have noticed them. You could literally see them from a few feet away. I started to become paranoid about my own hair, getting my mum to check my hair obsessively, in case I’d caught them. After a good seven months, when the things had reached their peak size on her head, like fat raisins, I finally noticed they’d gone. Sooner or later she must have found them and got treated. It still puzzles me to this day how you could go so long with these huge parasites on top of you, the itching, the sensation of movement in your hair, I once had them myself as a small child due to sharing a hairbrush with a friend, and it only took a few days for my parents to notice and get rid of them. But several months, I couldn’t imagine. My heart goes out to children like her, who don’t have any sort of proper parental care, she was allowed to do whatever she wanted, stay out of the house all night if desired, her family didn’t care about her, and the worst part was, she thought it was a good thing.