I contacted the descendants of my ancestor’s slave owners today and I've never felt so much peace by t2_25vilk37

I've always been fascinated with history because it tells a story that transcends every genre. Consequently, I became very intrigued to learn about the history of my own family. I've heard all of the stories of African Americans being unable to track their ancestry past the year 1900 or the very late 1800s, but I was determined. I wanted to know if we were slaves, who we were enslaved by, what county they lived in, and what the plantation looked like - among other things. I would google:"[my maiden last name] [slavery] [last known county family settled in] [1800s]" and was never able to find a slave owner that shared my family's name. After 2 years of searching, I had my first breakthrough.

Using Ancestry.com, I was able to trace back to my 4th great grandfather who was born in 1815 in a county that I never knew my family was associated with. And unsurprisingly enough, there were no documents or records of anyone before him. I didn't have much hope; but out of curiosity I searched the usual attributes but with the new county name and lo and behold...I looked at an 1850 slave schedule and saw what was the first (and only) documented slave owner that shared my family's name. Below him were the ages, sexes, and races of 9 slaves.

My sister found the plantation they worked on in less than 5 minutes. It's still active with the current owners using it as a farm to sell seasonal fruit. I found out by their "about us" section of the farm's website that they had, in fact, descended from my family's slave owners. I contemplated very hard on whether to call the number posted. I didn't know these people and they didn't know me. How would I even go about starting this conversation?

I decided to text the number. I introduced myself as someone who wanted to learn more about their family's history; stating that we share the same family name. The descendant was very eager, and somewhat excited, to help. He immediately sent me photos of records, books, and photos that he had in storage. He even asked if I could give him a call so that he could go into greater detail. I was very reluctant to do this because I hadn't yet disclosed that I was Black, and I knew he would be able to discern it the minute I spoke. But I eventually agreed to call him. Before we got into any of the family history, I went ahead and disclosed that I am African American and that my ancestors were possibly enslaved by his. He responded with a mere, "that's alright!" I was instantly relieved.

He was very willing and open to talk about his family's history - to include the parts about slavery. He was an older guy so he definitely talked my head off; but it only made me feel more comfortable. We were able to confirm that, yes, his ancestors did enslave mine and that 4 of their babies were born on his 3rd great grandfather's plantation. He even mentioned my 3rd great uncle by name! He confirmed that all of the slaves left after the war and that they relocated in the county I thought they had originally been in. As he described their life, he referred to them as "the Black side of the family", and that made it so much easier to hear. His family kept their records very organized and kept what they called the "Black Book" floating throughout these generations. This Black Book contains everything they know about my ancestors (names, ages, DOB, work performed, etc.). He offered to email me a copy of the book and invited me to visit the plantation.

I'm holding back tears as I write this post because this encounter has brought me so much closure. As an African American, finding and locating our ancestors post-Africa is a facet of our existence that is greatly desired, yet terribly challenging. I am fulfilled. Reaching out to the descendants of my ancestors' slave owners is probably one of the best things that I've done for myself and my family.