Sang myself out of a potential DUI by t2_7as2scte

So this story is 100% True events! No one ever believes me but I have 3 witnesses from the story lol  


So I just started talking to this girl, we had been on one date and then I invited her to a concert with a friend couple of mine. Ted Nugent, Reo Speedwagon & Styxx  in 2012, we were in our 20's! Rock on lol

Back to the story, we get to the concert and its the middle of June and one of the hottest days of the year, the girls split a pint of Tequila while my buddy and I slam a pint of captains and a couple beers, throwing all the empties into the back hatch of my Blazer. We definitely were not hydrating and the 90+ Temps were not helping our condition. 

We get inside the concert venue, and to the top of the hill and a random older guy say's hey my wife don't smoke, you guys wanna hit this J. We're like hell yea, pull out one of our own and have a little session. As soon as we finish the joints, the date I brought immediately throws up all over this dudes blanket and their spot and runs off to the back of the hill, so we quickly apologize and go after her, she's laying down about to cry and way to drunk. 

So we console her as she lays on the back of the hill for like 20 or so minutes trying to recover. We decide it's best we should probably leave, when ever she's ready to go. She lay's there a little longer, then Styxx - Renegade comes on and she jumps up and makes a B-Line for the car, the rest of us get a chuckle out of it but follow her back to the car. 

In my younger years I was not the sharpest tool in the shed and may have drank and drove to many times, Luckily nothing bad ever happened and I have grown and no longer do that.  

But we leave the concert, and while the whole ordeal with my date sobered me up a bit, I would have 100% blown over the legal limit. Being young and dumb, off we went to go home. I'm driving down the freeway no problem for a good 10 minutes, my dates practically sleeping in the passenger seat. Then I notice the car behind me is riding my ass, I'm going 80 in the fast lane as is, but speed up to 85, sure enough still riding my ass, so I speed up to 90, still riding my ass, as I begin to speed up again, boom Red and Blue lights! Sure enough it was a State Trooper, and I'm being pulled over! With a trunk full of empties & weed on us still (Friend did have med card) BUT This is where the craziness really begins.....  


The State boy walks up to the car, younger guy, and he's being real mellow and cool from the get go. Asks me why I'm going so fast? I answered honestly in a playful kind of tone, I wasn't going that fast at first. I also didn't realize you were a cop, I thought you were just some asshole riding my ass. Surprisingly he chuckled and asks for my documents and of course I don't have my Insurance information, but he was like ok don't worry. Where you guys coming from? Tell him we were at the concert, and he's like oh man you guys left before Ted.... laughed and said yea, we really wanted to see him but my date had a little to much to drink, and out of like a half conscious state she pops up and say's I'm sorry! The officer chuckles again, and he's like alright hang tight I'm going to go run your information. He goes back to his cruiser, the 4 of us are freaking out a bit thinking I might get arrested! How are they all gonna get home and normal shit like that lol He comes back and say's alright man, slow down! and I'm just going to write you up for not having the insurance, if you take proof to the court they'll waive the ticket, hold tight while I go write it up. He's gone for what seems like forever, then comes back and says  


"Well it's your lucky day, computer crashed! So I'll tell you what, you guys sing me a song right now and you can go."

We all kind of look at each other like is this for real, so I put on Keep on loving you by REO, the cd was in my CD player lol we're singing the beginning and it's slow, and he don't look amused, so I quickly fast forward to the chorus, and there we are, car full of 4 drunk 20 year old's, singing   


"I'M GONNA KEEP ON LOVING YOU, CAUSE IT'S THE ONLY THING I WANNA DO" at the top of our lungs, Cops laughing his ass off, holding his flashlight in our face like a microphone, after going through the chorus a time or 2 he pats the hood of my car and say's alright guys have a good night and walks off.  


We again all look at each other like we're being punked, I slowly pulled off and drove away, thinking this guys toying with us, he's about to pull us over again lol but nope, drove the remaining 15 minutes home and in the clear!   


That date is now my wife of 3 years, and our wedding song was most definitely "Keep on Loving you"  


I love to think that theirs body cam footage of us singing somewhere and that the cops watch it and get a chuckle lol