I was abused by a veteran by t2_4nsdj4dh

**hi just to begin with I wanted to say that I am a 12 year old male so i'm sorry about my grammar and spelling.**

It started off as a normal day I was doing some parkour jumping and doing flips you know just in my zone having a blast and where I was doing this was near a swinging bridge but it was strong enough to bike on. OK sorry for getting off track but i was just vibing and then I here some girls yelling and I look over and there were these two brothers both 11 were chasing down these little girls trying to run them over then I saw who the boys were they were that two little brats around my block. Basically everyone in the neighborhood hated them they also once got me arrested but that is another story  for another time. I ran after them but they were on bikes so I couldn't keep up and after they left I was talking to the girls and turns out that those boys have been harassing them all year.

 So I said when they came back around we could prank them by hiding in bushes and jumping out well they were biking back. But until then I just started to jump on some rocks near the water and there was rushing water I will attach a pic of were I was later. which probably was not a good idea but I was good at it and I was safe or so I thought. All of a sudden someone was yelling at me to get up I thought that it was a worker and I thought that they were going to release the dam

 But then he starts saying that I was abusing his daughters and before I could say anything I saw he had my phone. I tried to say no that was these other kids and sir can I please get my phone back and he said no i'm taking this. Another thing about me is I have really bad anxiety and depression and I worked really hard for that phone so i got really upset

 I tried to grab it from him and he pushed me back into the rushing water but I hit my back off a rock and grabbed on to a tree. now i was mad but the thing was I have a problem with getting really mad and angry so I jumped up beside him and I asked who he was he said he was a veteran and he fought in Iraq and don't get me wrong I love our veterans and I LOVE my country but when people think that they can get away with everything just because they are a veteran that pisses me off. It doesn't end there because my dumb ass thought I could try and get my phone and go home from a 6'4 200 pound veteran against me 5'2 105 pounds I was very wrong so I tried to grab my phone and he punches my right in the nose and breaks my nose there was blood pouring out of my nose and I was crying so I got on my bike headed home

 my dad saw me and took me to the hospital and I am making this 2 hours later and the police are still looking for him so ya here i am ranting with a broken nose because I got punched by a veteran About something I didn't do But what are you going to do

Again sorry for the spelling and grammar I am a twelve year old boy