My experience with a crazy kid (Real) by t2_41gced53

This is an experience I had about 8 years ago, but it recently popped back into my head. For clarification, I'm 16 and at the time of this happening I was in 2nd grade. 

I had just skipped a grade so naturally I didn't have any friends in this class since I had just joined it. After days of sitting alone in the corner of the classroom some kid finally approached me(lets call him Tim) So Tim was a little bit of a weird kid, he'd always shout random things in the middle of class, play by himself at lunch, and the one thing I remember most was that he would talk to himself. This is where it starts to get weird.

So me and Tim would always hang out together at lunch and during class if we got the chance, but I also started to get to know other kids a little bit. One day at lunch instead of hanging out with Tim, I went and hung out with another kid(Ryan). Tim did not take this well at all. He eventually found me at lunch playing with Ryan and he grabbed my arm really hard. This wasn't your typical playful fighting type grab. He was malicious in his intentions and had hatred in his eyes. He wanted to hurt me. He pulled my across the playground to where we usually played and said if I ever hung out with someone else instead of him he'd kill me. I watched a lot of TV and I always heard people say this, so I didn't think much of it. 

Fast forward a couple of months later and I ask Tim if he wants to play hide and seek with me and Ryan and Tim says yes to my surprise. So at lunch we're playing and Tim is the seeker and me and Ryan are hiding. I'm hiding behind a small bulge in the ground where I can see Tim but he can't see me. All of a sudden he just appears out of nowhere, I didn't see him coming or anything. I get up and start to back up and see if he's going to chase me or anything. Then I see he had something in his hands. It was rocks. He had about 10 rocks in his hands and he threw all of them at me one right after the other, again with that same malice and hatred I saw when he grabbed my arm months prior. What really made me mad is when he threw the last few rocks one hit me directly between the eyes. He was mere inches away from taking out half of my vision. Luckily I didn't have anger issues back then, so I didn't hit him or anything, I just told one of the teachers stationed outside what happened and (this being a private school) Tim was expelled. 

Looking back my parents always taught me to never judge anyone and be nice to everyone, so this is why I started to be friends with Tim even though he was a little weird and never seemed to have any other friends. I learned from this experience that being nice to a certain extent is good but if you're overly nice it might not benefit you in the end. I consider myself lucky to only be taking away a valuable lesson from this experience.