My cousin got 5 of his friends to break my arm because I told my grandma he broke into her house. by t2_63rlsklg

Bit of backstory.... I’m (15) male from England. This happened a year and a half ago. I was staying at my grandmas watching over her house while she was away, then I get a knock on the door I answer it to my surprise it was my cousin with about 5 of his friends that just immediately barged through the door. I really couldn’t do anything because they were about 3 years older than me I was 14 when this whole situation took place. Eventually after half an hour I managed to convince them to leave, just to figure out that my cousin had stole a key to the house.
I was shocked I called my grandma who then answered I told her what happened. Just to clarify he was not allowed back into her house I posted a story on why on r/amitheasshole if anyone wants to check it out. My grandma was more lenient towards him, but my grandad was taking no shit and was mad he said he doesn’t want him anywhere near his house. 

Now onto how his friends managed to break my arm. I was in school playing a game with my friends we was running and trying to hide from one of my friends, then my cousin’s friends all 5 of them grab me just to put it out there I do boxing and can fight to up to a degree, 2 of them grabbed me and proceeded to try to hold me down while one was trying to punch me I managed to break away and tried to run but they got me so I punched one of them and pushed another against a wall. But then another grabbed me so I booted him in his chest and non stopped kept punching him in his face then the others grabbed me lifted me up and threw me over a fence and I immediately landed straight on my arm. It hurt so much it was broken 2 of my friends came to my aid. Eventually a teacher came and took me to the office they didn’t even seem to care that my arm was out of place I was in fucking agony. However I got sent to the doctors and they said just try not to move it and they put it in a wrap thing. It was better after 2 weeks never knew if it was actually broken or sprained I knew my cousin told them to do it. Because my other cousin told me he was bragging about it to him my family didn’t really give a shit no one really talks to him now I will post another story telling the stuff I missed.
 
Sorry if the grammar was poor and they wasn’t much clarity hope you all have a nice day :)