(Nsfw) The time I closed my school with my shit by t2_34zb7aen

Yes, you read the title correctly. And no, I didn't accidentally click the wrong flair. I legitimately made my school get shut down with my shit. I'd make some funny pun, but honestly, I think that sentence stands well enough. But I digress. Let's get into the actual reason you clicked this.

My family does not like spicy stuff. My dad could be drinking water, and he'd be like "I love the taste, but it's too spicy." If variety is the spice of life, my mum is scared to do anything other than breathe, and even then that's too much.

Now how does that pertain to this story? I'll get to it, but my mum decided, on a fateful day 2 years ago, that this spicy aversion would stain this family no longer, and we'd order some takeaway, while only eating spicy foods. I can't remember what I ordered, but I remember that it burned. A lot.

The next day, I was on my way to school, where I kinda needed to drop the kids off at the pool, but it wouldn't be anything I couldn't handle until the end of the day. I mean, it is school LAW to not shit in the school toilet, so naturally, I was gonna try not to shit in the toilet.

But it built up. Fast. By the first lunch I was debating whether I'd be able to survive. By the second I was contemplating whether I'd be able to survive passing this food baby. I thought "sod it, my asshole matters more than school rules", and hurried to the nearest toilet, which was on the top floor.

Biggest. Shit. Of. My. Life.

Literally, if I ever decide to do anal I will never need lubrication ever in my life because that shit did all the stretching that a footlong schlong could do and more.

I tried wiping my ass, but it came back for round 2, tried again, this shit was not out for the count, and round 3 commenced.

By the time I was done, my dung and toilet paper was piled into the toilet, to the point where the toilet water was barely visible.

And then I fucked up. Majorly.

I flushed the toilet. And the shit and toilet paper did not go down. In fact, the water looked like it was rising...

Cue me fleeing the toilet and dashing down to the bottom floor in order to gain a credible alibi. I thought "maybe, just maybe It'll go down eventually." I followed my friends up one floor of stairs, and guess what came down to meet us?

Yup. Toilet water. Dirty toilet water contaminated with my faeces. Came flooding down the staircase. Me and my friends fucking ran from that like it was some highly acidic death water from hell.

5 minutes later, we were all lined up outside, as the teachers gave an explanation that some crazy diarrhea lunatic gave the bathroom a good dumping, and in order to clean it, the janitors would need a day. Meaning that schools would be closed for the rest of the day.

So to the teacher who might scroll through this subreddit and never found out who it was. It was me. I shat an earthquake in the school and closed it. And I know you dislike the school system so please don't give me detention.