My Girlfriend went unconscious and vomited in my car by t2_a0olmfta

I joined this forum for the sole purpose to tell this story. So here we go. It’s 7:45pm and my family and girlfriend all went to an escape room to celebrate my Girlfriend and moms birthday, around 7:45pm my Girlfriend begins getting sharp pains in her sides and chest. At first I think it’s just a rib out or something and we carry on. By 8:45 we’re home and I am massaging her back trying to relieve the pain in her chest as best I can. I’d like to note my girlfriends pain tolerance is extremely high but I could tell this was getting to her and that began raising some red flags. By 9:30 she is curled up in the fetal position on my couch wrapped in a blanket and shaking. I knew she had to go to the emergency room so I quickly grabbed her boots and put them on her and ran upstairs to grab a phone charger and jacket. By the time I got my shoes on and got to my Prius she was already in the passenger seat but the door was left open and when I asked if she was able to close it I got no response. I quickly ran around my car, closed the door, and took off for the hospital. At the end of my driveway she would/could not speak and I went into “oh fuck” mode. About 1/2 way there I look over at her and her eyes are closed and she is turned over on her side, I grabbed her shoulder and shook her and she began vomiting Down her shirt and onto my passenger door, she did this two more times and she kept saying “oh no oh no” and I could tell she was very afraid, I tried my best to assure her it was ok and that we’re on our way to the emergency room. When we got to the awning for the emergency room I threw it in park ran inside for a wheel chair and that grabbed security’s attention. They took her to the bathroom and I ran back out to the car to get her phone. The wait time was going to be like an hour but she was swaying back and forth in and out of consciousness so I knew I had to be persistent and pretty much an awful patient so she could get the attention she desperately needed. I knocked on the door twice and called until they were finally like “whatever come back” as soon as we got into the back room my girlfriends head began to tilt to the side she slid down into her wheelchair and was unresponsive she was out again. She got her blood drawn and was given an IV and was given a chest X-ray, I’ll update with what the doctors say. (These events unfolded within the last 5 hours)

[UPDATE/EDIT] 
Still haven’t heard from the doctors but she is doing better than last night. Her chest and abdomen are just very tender ( hurts to cough/ deep breathe) it should also be known she has fainted quite a few times before and the doctors cannot figure out what is wrong. The last time she fainted she was 16, that was 3 years ago