Don't Wait by t2_slj2q

I will be 44 years old on January, 22nd of this year and I have never met my biological father.  I am a true bastard in the literal sense, the result of a one-night stand by a 17-year-old girl in 1977.  My mom and I lived with my grandparents for the first few years of my life until she met the man that I called dad.  I was young enough when they met that I don't recall living apart from dad at any point in my life.  He essentially adopted me as his own.  My dad wasn't abusive physically and the slight mental bullying was very fucking tame when compared to what a lot of people in this world have experienced but it did create tension in the household.  My mom and dad ended up having a daughter together that is technically my half-sister but I just call her my sister.  She's the best friend I've ever had and best friend I will ever have, period.  Nobody gets me like she does.  Growing up, the family was basically mom, my sister and myself.  Dad would always go out into the garage when he got home from work and putter with tools and smoke pot.  He would generally go hunting on Thanksgiving and the only real holiday we had together was Christmas.  All that said, I always gave that man hug before I went to bed at night and told him I loved him.  I vividly remember going to his recliner every night as a kid to give him a hug and tell him that I loved him.  He was my dad.  When I was 19 my mom and dad divorced.  Mom moved out and left my sister with and myself with dad.  At this point our relationship was not good at all.  I remember sitting in my bedroom with absolute anxiety when I knew he would be on the way home from work.  No physical abuse like I said, I was just an anxious fuck that wanted nothing but to impress him with anything but he never acknowledge anything I'd ever done.  Anyways, I ended up moving to my own apartment, getting a job, starting a life, etc.  My sister and I became estranged from my dad for years.  We tried to form a relationship later when he had open-heart surgery and we all had that "oh shit" moment where we thought we would miss our chance.  That lasted for about a month.  My dad died last year after more than two decades of no contact.  I sobered up in 2008 and wrote him a long letter attempting to rekindle some sort of relationship since I had put the bottle down.  He never responded.  I felt like I left the ball in his court but for the rest of my life I will live with the fact that I never got to say goodbye and I never got to hug him one more time and tell him that I love him.  I miss you dad and I'm sorry we couldn't make things work.  I'm fucking crying as I write this.  The point of this story, don't fucking wait and don't give up.  If you think there is a chance with loved one try your goddamndest.