I have a crush on the girl I used to hate by t2_lw07stn5

(This is kinda both story and venting)
17F. I met this girl at school, when we were 9. I was used to be the best from my class, but she studied a lot and got the best grades on every test. She was also a good athlete. Basically her parents wanted her to be the best at everything she did, and she usually did it. I always admired her for her hard work. She was cute too, but really mean, fake and rude. She would do anything to make others feel bad, and feel superior to everyone, and that didn't change for the next 6 years. Also, our moms were both teachers at our school, and still are.

I knew how toxic she was, but still accepted to be her friend and let her treat me however she wanted to (I had really low self-esteem). I always tried to please her, but the more I tried, the more she hated me. She was really competitive with me too. The only moments when she didn't treat me like trash were when we laughed together in classes at dumb things bc we were bored, when we spread hate together, or other few times that she was a decent human with me.

I only gave up on her when we were 13. I saw that I had other real friends and stopped caring about her and the rest of the toxic group we had. Slowly, everyone left her alone, the only friends that remained were her speed skating teammates. We stopped talking, but she always asked other people shit about me. At 15 I went to a different school. Since then, I have barely seen her, but I have heard a lot about her. She's a bit better apparently, and I have tried to forgive her bc 3 years have passed and she is not really part of my life now (mostly).

I kinda had a crush on her in the past, but didn't realize, especially bc she is hard to like. A year ago I started speed skating too, and have seen her compete sometimes. I can't even explain exactly why I feel this about her, but I am attracted to her. Maybe bc I kept hearing about her a lot (our moms are coworkers, I still talk to her classmates, etc). We have similar goals in life, a passion in common, and I think we could have been good friends or more if she wasn't so competitive. I don't even know if I should try to talk to her, and maybe she still hates me. What I feel is so stupid, but I had to talk about it.