Yesterday, my 12-year-old little brother told me to give him a cool topic for a book. I gave him a topic about an army that was going to try and kill God. He just whipped out his laptop and got to work. by t2_71vlbbjr

 

He showed me this today. I know, it's not perfect, but he's 12 and he wrote *this*! That's impressive if you ask me. He called the story "God's Will"  


  
Kalinari always dreaded the final hours before war, the mere thought of him on the frontlines charging toward God was not only terrifying, but it felt unbearably stupid. Were the years of training enough? Will it mean anything for the retribution of mankind?  

          Kalinari found himself fidgeting with his knife, hands drenched with sweat. He found his way to his squad's campfire.  

         “Kalin, sit,”  said Albio, the bulky ketvanian in a deep yet welcoming tone. 

         “Excited to die, Albio?” Kalinari said.  

         “No, and by the looks of it, you ain’t too fond of the thought of dying either,” Albio responded with an unreadable expression as usual.  

         “You can tell?”  

         “Hah! I can read you like a book.” Albio said as he rested his thick arm on his lap.  

         “I don’t know if I can do this,” Kalin said, covering his eyes with his youthful hands.  

         “You’ve been training for how long like 4 years? And your skill with a sword is undeniable, at the very least you’ll survive, just play it smart.” Albio said in a reassuring voice.  

         “Yeah, but you don’t understand-”  

         “Hey guys, I got us Basin berries.” Sergi interrupted as he abruptly ingested all 7 berries. “Oh, don’t let me interrupt,” Sergi added.  

         “Like I was saying-”  

         “Guys did they fill you in on the plan yet because I'm in the dark.” Sergi interrupted once more, this time talking with his mouth full.  

         “Yeah, apparently we're going to enter the god's realm with some sort of combined spell.” Albio said.  

         Instantaneously after Albio finished his sentence, a horn blew. “Gather around! gather around!” said a faint voice shouting from the rear of the campsite.  

         “Let's get moving,” Albio said, as he rushing toward the rear, after a few seconds of hesitation Sergi and Kalin followed.  

         There was a vibrant crimson torch held by Lord Cannel, the leader of the battalion. Cannel took in a deep breath before he spoke. “We are two hours away from hell,” he said. “The blood of honorable men shall stain the lands, and many of the faces here will cease to exist. Men who have pledged their allegiance through pain, suffering, bloodshed, and anguish, for this land will be a symbol of gore! I ask of you this, surrender your humanity, and pledge your souls, for I will concede pride and glory to the lives we will lose today! Join me on this lionized quest of retribution for the lives lost, let our death be in glory!”  

       An unsettling moment of stillness struck, no one dared betray the silence. 

       Suddenly, a blaring yet swift gust of wind struck, extinguishing the crimson torch Cannel held.  

       “Ungrateful beings. . . who was it that created you?!” a vociferous and blunt voice struck out of nowhere shaking the very earth. Another wind gust struck, but this time one hundred times as powerful, sending all the camps flying. Men, blown away in seconds. 

        Terrified, Kalin clasped onto Albio’s shirt with his tiny hands. Albio gave him a look of despair and disappointment.  

        Kalin closed his eyes as hard as he could, hoping to escape the horrific reality, but when he lost grip of Albio, Kalin opened his eyes to see nothing but dread. Over twenty thousand men lay lifeless on the border over Kandria. 

        This was the wrath of God. The unyielding power of a being beyond men. 

        “Why did I have to survive...?” Kalin said. “I’m no different from my comrades, why?” Kalin said as he walked through the tens of thousands of corpses. He was fortunate enough to find a cliff. Kalin let out a sigh of relief as he slumped himself down the narrow slope.