I almost died last Friday. by t2_2lqtu0pe

I was at a children’s cancer group’s Christmas party. Because I had cancer when I was 12 (I’m 15 tomorrow)

We were doing go-karting and the first time I went trains, there was a pro. I am a complete beginner and every time he went around I got completely spooked. I crashed into the wall but was fine. Just a little fright. Easily fixed. 

The second time round, there were pro’s but much more considerate pros and less of us on the track. I had gotten used to the controls and was more confident. 

Pre-face- I am dyspraxic and so that means I am incredibly clumsy and misjudge situations ALOT. Also my helmet fogged you when I breathed through my mouth.

I was speeding round, I slowed down less on the corners. I was just having a ball. All of a sudden I skidded. I did a 160 and panicked. I’m the shock I breathed through my mouth, fogging up my helmet slightly. 

I calm down and get back on it quite quickly. I race round with my heart pounding.

A lap or two later, the second to last lap, I turn. I have no idea what happened. Maybe I turned too quick? Maybe I was too close to a wall? Maybe both? 

I have no idea what happens next. I remover driving. I remember the fear, but I don’t remember hitting the wall of tires. I saw black. I saw white. I heard nothing. People think I was exaggerating. I think I passed out form fear for a couple of seconds. I woke up and seriously thought I died.

I woke up feeling numb. I had a ringing in my ear. I had a huge tire on my head. It was one of those huge tractor tires. It was on my head, and my hand. I think I put my hand up in the daze or black out or whatever it was.

Because I was in a cold warehouse in December, it took a few seconds for the pain to set in. I felt a pain in my hand and head and chest. I then realised my feet were on the go peddle. It took 3 men to get that damn tire off of me. 

I was apologising profusely and realised the plastic on the go-kart was broken. They said it was fine and we’re glad I’m ok. They said people tend to crash on the corner but not like me. 

I thought I broke my hand. Nah, just scuffed it, bruised it and took a chunk out of it. I did cry, I’ll admit. But I got over it quick. My hand was swollen for the rest of the evening. Still hurts to move but, I’ve been through worse.

I’ll do it again, hopefully with less crashes next time. It’ll take me a while- but I’ll do it again.