Have you ever eaten a sandwich and been able to tell the person who made it is extremely depressed? by t2_2mkau92w

I walked to a sandwich shop yesterday and ordered a sweet carolina pork mac n cheese sandwich at a restaurant I had never been to before. I sat down to read my book and as the wind blew and it started to rain I wished I had worn shoes, or at least socks as my feet were getting really cold. I thought about biting into the sandwich, and what you could tell about a person from how they make a sandwich.

If the sandwich was spaced on one side of the container and the chips on the other (I really hoped there would be chips, I was hungry and had never been here before) by a little fancy divider, would that make the sandwich artist a bit anal about food touching, do they live an orderly life where everything in their home has a proper place, where the first thing they do when they walk in their door is put their shoes away, place their keys in the key cup, hang up their coat, gaze upon an apartment free of clutter.

Or, if they slopped the whole thing together, forgot to throw the pickle into the container, dropped the box into the bag rather than place it. Were they hungover from drinking not just last night, but the two nights before that, all of them on their own and with work in the morning? Had they dreaded coming into work today, scared of interacting with their coworkers but grateful for the fact they looked so hungover that those they worked with didn't even want to talk to them. Every order that came in would make them pause and reflect on their job, and their purpose in this world, what was the point of it all? Why am I thinking these thoughts, I don't want to think these thoughts, what can I do to not think these thoughts. What if I took pride in my work, and I made the best sandwich I possibly could, sent out an order I feel good about and the customer will be impressed by. Why would I do that? what would I get out of that. I'll just slop it together, fuck it.

I saw my order was ready and I picked it up and walked back home, turned on the tv and took my sandwich out. It turns out it wasn't a sandwich, it was just mac n cheese with bbq pork on top. I'm not sure where I got the idea it was a sandwich from. I ate it all and felt a bit sick afterwards.