5th grade me accused of being a school shooter. by t2_2b4ku50r

This story is a little fuzzy but I want to tell it. So back in 5th grade you could say I was a little more interested in guns then the average 5th grader. Some of my friends knew about my interest, this will be important later. The story starts at the end of the day, me and my classmates were packing up to go home, and one of them who sat next to me and was a close friend of mine was joking around and grabbing stuff from my desk. This continued for a few minutes until my friend decided to knock over my desk, spilling all of its contents onto the floor. I am laughing and start picking up. This is the critical moment where things go south. I finished picking up all the books and folders that fell out of my desk, and stand up and say to my friend in whisper "I'm gonna kill you". Since I had just been picking up, I didn't realize that my teacher was standing no more than three feet from me and my friend. As soon as I finish the sentence my teacher abruptly turns around and yells to me, "What did you say?!". At this point the whole class is staring at me, and so I said in a shaky voice, "Nothing". I was one of the kids that always behaved and never got in trouble, so preserving my reputation was important to me. The teacher at first seems to let off and we all went home. It was a few days and nothing else was being said about the incedent, so I assumed I was off the hook. Boy, was I wrong. In the middle of class the principal comes in and asks for me to come with her. I of course follow and she asks me about what I said, and I started to panic inside. We get to the office and she has me go into her office and sit down. She asks me why I said that, and stupid me being to panicked to react say it was just a joke. I never calmed down enough to explain why I made the joke. I am crying at this point and am still trying to explain why I said what I did. This is where they go too far. The counselors come in and start explaining how they interviewed all of my friends to see if I was a violent person. They said my friends heard me talking about pistols at lunch and how bullets work. I later learned that they all actually said I was a very calm and gentle person, but in the moment I got even more upset and thought all my friends had turned on me. By this point I was beyond being able to defend myself in tears. Now the next thing they did still makes me emotional till this day. One of the counselors asks me if I had any guns at home, and before I can even answer she asks, "would you ever consider bringing it to school?". I said no, but at the time I didn't know that the question really was, "would you ever come to school and kill people with a gun?". It was later that night when I realized what the question actually meant and I could not handle it. I cried a lot and was very flustered the next few days at school. I was worried my friends were scared of me. At the time I didn't know I was being emotionaly abused by the principal. My mom and dad saw my stance on the matter but I still couldn't explain exactly why I said what I did. A few months after things had cooled down, and we were reading a book in class and for some reason the teacher brought up school violence. My heart stopped for a second. When we were leaving school a girl in my class came up to me and asked, "Were you the one who said you would kill people?". The matter was never brought up again, but that last exchange really hurt me a lot. My sister still goes to that school and every time I am in the car with my dad I see the principal out directing traffic in front of the school and I come close to tears. Every time someone brings it up I say all the things I should have told my teacher, my parents, and the principal way back in 5th Grade.