Yelled at before getting on a bus. by t2_3v5hqunx

This happened to me a few hours ago. For a bit of context, I was in the next town over from the one my school is. I called my dad and asked him if I could get off at the train station in this town instead of the one in the suburb where I live. He gave me the ok, I got off at said station, I got a drink from a cafe walked around the waterfront for a bit and I decided to catch a bus back home. I was wearing my school uniform

 I got to the bus stop in front of the station around 8 mins before the bus came and there were 4 people already there. One of those people would end up being my saviour (in a way) soon. I was gonna call this guy weird teeth guy except I feel terrible about giving him any sort of insulting nickname after what he did for me so since he was wearing a Filipino flag jacket I'm gonna call this guy flag jacket guy or FJG.

 A few more people arrived at the bus stop enough to make a line even though I didn't realise it and I was at the front of the line. The bus arrived shortly after and just as I was about to get on this old guy yelled at me "GET IN THE BACK OF THE LINE!". I'm only 13 and obviously being yelled at by someone old enough to be my grandfather freaked me out. I didn't know If I had done something wrong so being a shy school kid I replied "sorry sir'' and was about to walk to the back of the line when FJG stopped me.

"Doll you get on, you were here before him" FJG then went off on the old guy. "HEY HE GOT HERE WAY BEFORE YOU, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO TELL HIM TO GET IN THE BACK!". I sat down still shaken from being yelled at by the old guy when I overheard one of FJG  mates ask him what happened. "Some old fuck tried to get that school kid to go to the back of the line even though he had been waiting for almost as long as us!" 

When my stop came FJG asked me if I was ok and wished me well. I told my parents what happened and they hope they run into FJG so they can thank him for standing up for me. I am so grateful for what he did for me. FJG if you're reading this thank you for what you did for me.