To you, from this parallel universe. by t2_4tp7dswq

"Life is weird", she exhaled slowly into the cold air, gazing deep into the sky above that seemed to gaze back on them. She turned her head to him. "Isn't it?". He turned too, his eyes met hers and he gave her a wry smile before turning back into the nightsky. "Yeah." She studied his face, her eyes lovingly traced his features. His deep eyes, his nose she used to poke fun of, and those lips. There was always a certain attraction about those lips, they were a magnet. She resisted the urge to kiss him and looked back into the stars.

 
"Remember when we used to talk about parallel universes? You used to tease me for rambling on about them, but i know you found them interesting too." He chuckled. She grinned. She knew him best. "Do you think that somewhere out there in another universe we're still together? That in another universe we found a way to work it out and that the us in that world is happy now?" She glanced at him, he stared straight into the sky, silent. His eyes glazed with what seemed to be contemplation. "I know, I'm not supposed to say things like that. I'm sorry. It's just, I cant help but wonder about that sometimes." 

Perhaps it was the vastness of the sky that laid upon them, the chilly wind that danced around them, or the cold grass blades that grazed the outline of their bodies. Something about lying on a field that went on for miles beneath the starry unknown brought peace and helplessness at the same time. It was like she felt insignificant, existence didn't make much sense. What were the 
odds they were in the universe that they couldn't end up together? She felt injustice, but feeling angry at reality didn't make much sense either. She had made peace with that, or at least actively trying to. Yet something about laying still in a world that seemed to move with or without her stirred up so much sadness in her. 

She took a deep breath in. "It's just", she pushed down the welling tears, "I just miss you so much". He gazed straight into the sky, still silent. "I really tried, I did everything I could to feel better. But as the days settles into nights, it doesn't seem like anything I did in the day makes me feel better at night." She couldn't hold it back, she stared hard into the stars but her vision was blurring. A tear rolled down, she couldn't help it. He paused. "I miss you too", he said softly. Her heart ached. For the longest time she craved for him to say that, why did it not feel comforting? It felt unfair. His fingers grazed upon her wrist and nestled up into her fingers. She didn't move. Their fingers interlaced, somehow it didn't feel the same. Like it was a shell. In another universe it would have felt just the same as before, like she was home. Another tear rolled down. 

They stayed silent for a while, there was comfort in watching the stars glimmer. A star shot through the sky, lit across the sky slightly and left a dim trail behind. She managed a smile. Magical things seemed to happen with him. She turned to him, "Did you make a wish?" She gazed into the field's horizon. Her hand was nestled into the grass, just as it had been all along. "I wished for you to be here with me.” Perhaps in another parallel universe. Perhaps they would have both been happy then.