I’m 90% sure I accidentally found a dead body. by t2_537qdk0w

So for starters this is a true story that happened to me about two years ago. I used to live in a somewhat small town that was divided by a river, I lived on one side and I worked across this river. At that time I didn’t have a car and would usually catch rides with my coworkers because they passed my place on their way home. Well this day I had just got off work at about 7AM (graveyard shift) I honestly wasn’t having a good day and really just wanted to loosen up so I decided I’ll stop by a bar and just take a cab home later. So fast forward to about 11AM and I’m ready to go home, feeling pretty good but unfortunately realized I didn’t have enough money for a cab. Drunk me spent most of it at the bar. So instead of ruining my mood I tried to make light of the situation and just figured I’ll buy a couple tall boys and have a nice walk next to the river instead of on the road thinking it would be peaceful. So I get my beverages and start my journey. Walk down the main part that hits the river and see people fishing and whatnot, I wave and proceed on my way. Now mind you I’m in full work uniform large boots professional pants and tucked in shirt so I imagine I looked out of place. But anyway as I get farther down I realize the path doesn’t actually follow the river it kind of veered off into the very very tall dead weeds to my left but I wanted to stay next to the river. So drunk me decided I’ll just push on off the path. Soon I’m pretty much almost knee high in mud yet I keep going. About 30 minutes or so I realize this is a stupid idea. So I turn left to maybe hit the path again. I start making my own path through huge weeds that are way taller than me and mind you I am 6’4. As I’m forcing my way through I end up at this clearing like a random patch right in the middle where old tents are set up. I can tell it hasn’t been used in awhile and I think that’s weird but whatever I’ll just keep going. So yet again I push through more huge weeds till I see this semi small tree and I kid you not, next to it on the floor was a white sheet wrapped about someone like tied full body outline I could see. I legit froze and was like “umm” I didn’t move for a good 20 seconds. But I felt my flight or fight kick in and I just stormed through those weeds. I swear I have never felt more scared. After some time I finally made it to open ground soaking wet sweating and thorns in my legs. And the worst part? It was right where I entered.. at this point it was probably 2 pm. So I walked home on the road, showered and pasted out in bed.

Edit: wow I didn’t expect to get this much attention, but to answer no I didn’t report it because I wasn’t 100% sure what I saw and honestly wanted to forget it at the time. But now I’m thinking of maybe going back there to take pictures and maybe see if I can debunk this. I don’t live in that town anymore but I’m willing to travel back for the people of Reddit.