I met a Porn Actor (without knowing it) by t2_1d2x621n

Seven years ago, I met a porn actor without knowing it. I was in a gym in Brooklyn doing my first series on a pec deck machine when a guy about my age (30 yo) asked me if I was done with the machine. I told him that I just started using it, but we could share it. He agreed and introduced himself as Jake. We were talking while doing reps and since we both were training pecs we kept switching from several machines.

Eventually we started talking about work and he told me he was an actor. I was surprised, I've never met an actor before so I asked if maybe I've seen any of his works. He shyly responded that it was highly unlikely, he only has done small roles. I kept pressing and asked to tell me at least one name, maybe i have seen it. He told me that actually, he was proud of a film he did a couple years ago, he got to act and produce a film that he wrote. It was called "Stuffed". Stuffed? I said, and he said yeah! What is it about? I asked. He told me it was about a woman who came home from war stuffing something inside her body. That sounds weird, is it an action movie? I asked. He laughed and said "You could say that but not really. I got that a lot".

We kept doing our reps until he told me he was done for the day and he was going to hit the showers. I'm going with you I'm done too I said. "Cool"

I was at the showers doing my things when Jake took the shower next to me. I swear I was not trying to take a peek, but I was curious, and when I did "Holy S!" the guy was really hung. If that's how it looks when he's flacid I couldn't imagine it when he's hard. I thought that if for any reason his acting career didn't work he could very well do some porn... and that is when it hit me. Why he was embarrased talking about his "acting" career, why wouldn't he mention the movies he has worked, a movie called "Stuffed" that he wrote but he isn't the main character, instead is a woman who stuffes things inside her body?

After that, I freaked out and tried to finish as quickly as possible. I said bye when I was done and changed clothes as quickly as I could. I don't know why I got so nervous when we were just fine moments ago but that's how I felt. He came to the locker room when I was about to leave, I got to see one more time that huge c\*k as he started to dry himslef. We said bye once more and I left thinking how weird that experience was.