My dad killed himself…I know he did. by t2_mpfywl3r

Before I was born my father had just gotten out of the army due to injuries and he was on pills. My mom nor my dad knew I was on the way until my mom went to the hospital for a different check up and they told her she was pregnant with me. That night when she went home, she told my father while he was standing at the top of the stairs. He sat down at the top, put his head into his knees and started crying. He left, he didn’t want me as he said he did. He was fine with having my brother (m2 at the time). My parents got a divorce, blah blah blah the usual. I’m still a military child because of my mom who I’m beyond proud of for what she does. I move around about every two years. 5-6years ago (2016-2018) i lived in Kentucky, some what near where my father lived about an hour away. I would see him more often than I ever could in my life time and I enjoyed every moment with him, except the nights I didn’t. Some nights I’d be in our room with my younger brother and older brother while my dad drank his beer and watched football games on the couch. I would only spend two days with him every two weeks. When I moved from Kentucky I never saw him, that was until October of 2021. It was for my older brother 15th birthday but also for my huge tournament. We won the tournament but he went home on my actual brothers birthday. (October 10th) Every chance I got with him, I’d always go fishing with him, and a couple days before he left I asked if we could, but he didn’t have his stuff which I found unusual because he always had it. My dad never made plans to see me till that day, 5 years later. My dad and I started getting close and texting everyday. On New Years I told my father something very important to me and he told me he loved and supported me, he called me that night but I wasn’t in the mood to talk so I told him my phone was about to die and that I’ll call him soon. I never called him back…On January 10th I got expelled from my school because I accidentally brought my Boy Scout knife, i miss placed it and they found it. The next day my mom gets a call, I recognize the voice but I didn’t think anything of it because it was my grandmas voice but my grandma on my moms side. So I honestly thought something had happened to my grandpa. My mom scurried out of the living room into her room and shut the door. I had this awful feeling in my stomach that something had gone wrong so I texted my grandpa and made sure he was okay. When my step dad of 13 years came home, he called down my brother to the living room and my mother came out of the room. My brother and I sat on one couch while they sat on the bigger couch. “Your dad, Michael…has passed away” I didn’t feel anything in that moment. “He died from natural causes” I didn’t believe that even if there was proof. My dad was 41 years old, he was an alcoholic and a drug addict and you’re gonna tell me he died from natural causes? No way, José. What my mom didn’t tell me but I found out was that there was four bottles of tequila found next to his bed. 

I always knew I’d go to a funeral one day, but I never knew it would be my own fathers. It’s Friday May 6th 2022, my father had passed on January 9th, 2022. I miss him everyday, I didn’t have much of him, but I have some of him. That’s enough for me. I know my father, I know he was suicidal, depressed. My dad killed himself, in the most sneakiest way possible, my dad might’ve been a red neck alcoholic but he knew his way around things. I will forever believe it, he told me one way he’d go out was alcohol and pills, I was 7 when he told me that and he prolly didn’t know I remembered that. I love you dad.