The event that ended my marriage. by t2_aff52

Here’s what happened 11 years go as best as I can remember. Her name is Lisa.

We lived in Eltham just by Avery Hill Park in south east London.

I left home at about 7:15am to cycle to work in North Acton. I was only four days in to a new job at the same company. As far as I was aware she left for work shortly after. Her commute was longer and more complicated than mine, but it didn’t cost her anything. She worked as a childcare assistant in Parsons Green and had free travel as a perk from a friend of hers who worked for TfL.

At about 11am I switched my phone on and had loads of voicemail messages from her work and the police asking me if I knew where she was as she hadn’t turned up for work and she wasn’t answering her phone and neither was I. I called them both back to explain that I didn’t know where she was and apologised for having my phone switched off. I called her numerous times over the next couple of hours as did the police and her work. It just rang and rang. No voicemail. She didn’t reply to text messages either. The police asked me to check if any of her friends knew where she was. I could only think of one person who she used to work with that she was still friends with, so I emailed her. She didn’t have many friends as she had trust issues.

The police then told me they were going to visit our house at 2pm to check if anyone had broken in and asked if I could be there too, so I started cycling home. About 20 minutes into my ride home I got a text from her asking why I kept calling and texting her. She didn’t understand the gravity of everything that had been going on. She then gave me the first excuse. She told me that a friend of hers (the one I emailed) was feeling suicidal and she rushed to be with her and comfort her. I then rode back to the office after calling the police back. She called them too to explain. My new boss was very understanding and could see how stressed I was. Shortly after I got back to the office her friend that I emailed responded that she had in fact not seen her and wanted to know if everything was okay. I then called Lisa back to ask what actually happened to be met with accusations of spying and she then told me it was in fact a different friend (the one who worked for TfL) who was depressed and suicidal and asked her not to tell anyone. Fine. Lisa then told me that she told her work that she was sick and her phone was playing up, but she told the police that she had a domestic issue and couldn’t get to her phone. This was probably the worst excuse to give to the police. I got home that night at about 7:30pm and we had a long chat about the day. At about 10pm the police knocked on our door. Initially she told me not to answer the door (she was paranoid about getting burgled) so I hesitated not realising it was the police, so when I did answer they were suspicious that something else had happened. They asked to speak with her, which they did upstairs. They came down a short while later and left. She then told me the police were okay and she told them she didn’t want to press charges. Press charges for what? I sat downstairs for a little while and she went back upstairs to bed. I then went up and told her that I wanted her out of the house as soon as possible. It was over. We’d been together for 5 years and married for 4.

I couldn’t take any more of her lies. This wasn’t the first time I’d caught her lying. She was a compulsive liar. She’d lie about unimportant things that weren’t worth lying about, but this was the straw that broke the camel’s back. I slept in the spare room, which she should have been sleeping in really. She moved out two months later on a weekend that I was away. When I got back the house felt very different. It was as if an exorcism had taken place. My life started to improve the very next day. The result is that I was able to start really saving money. I moved to Richmond a year later, met my partner, got a career, had a son, and now a house. If I’d stayed with Lisa things would never have improved as I was always broke and sometimes doing two jobs just to pay the bills, and I would have been constantly hoping things would get better, which was how much of 2007/2008 was spent.