I broke into an old school and shit my pants by t2_3gv5i2vq

So this was last week. Me and four of my friends were at the gym and I was not taking it too serious and I belly flopped on the jumping cube and the gym teacher guy got mad and kicked me out. A few minutes later my friends came out and we got bored and started walking around. We walked down to an old school that closed down last year. We went around it looking for open windows and doors. We jumped over a fairly big fence that lead us to the back. My friend had trouble climbing over the fence. We went around and found a few open windows but they all were child safety so they opened like 2 inches. After a while we were about to give up when we found 3 metal bars. Me and 2 of my friends pushed on a window with it and got it open a good bit. We all climbed into the school and started messing around. (Looking at old computers and just having a bit of fun) anyway later on there was a locked door so I got the metal bar and smashed the window on it in hopes of opening it from the other side, but then decided that I did not want to stick my hand through glass.
I then found a fire extinguisher and started spraying it around the place. I remember my friend said, “are you stupid there is a fire alarm right there?” I laughed at him and said nothing will happen... I was wrong, very wrong. A couple minutes later we are all talking in the hall and the fire alarm starts blaring! We all stop for 1 second and start sprinting. 4 of my friends went through the tiny window (one of them was taking too long so my other friend pushed him out the window) and I went out a door that sets off the fire alarm when opened (but the fire alarm was already set off so it did not matter) We all start climbing the fence and run off but one my friends could not get over him self so my other friend had to help him over. (Later on he was annoyed at me for leaving him behind xD)

Anyway we went down to a little shop and sat there for a while waiting to see if a fire truck goes by. After an hour we don’t see any fire truck and my friends dad picks us up and drops us all home. And we thought we were in the clear.(we were not)

The next day my friend was coming home from training and there was 5 cars outside the school and a police van. 
Luckily the police where I live are absolutely useless so I think we are ok.

TL;DR broke into school and set off fire alarm and police are looking for me.

Edit please keep at 69 upvotes. My friend said if I get 69 upvotes he will do transition year.