Wisdom passed down from an old man to a young man by t2_169yum

Background: I work for a phone company in a large scale retail store as a summer job when not attending college. I scan the store for customers and introduce myself while pitching about the products I sell.

I was walking alongside my coworker when I come across this older man looking by the magazines. The way he dressed for his age was quite interesting, he seemed to be very wealthy but with a unique taste in clothing. I approached the man and initiated a conversation that I will never forget.

Before we start talking he tells me how his wife is searching for him and how he must stay in the same spot so she can find him. This would later set the time we have to speak.

Right away his German accent is noticed and he begins to tell me how he is 80 years old and used to work as a Chemist for a large company in Germany. He recieved his education from Cornell university and began to tell me to avoid usless college degrees. Just after I tell him I am perusing a CS degree and Security minor (maybe dual bachelors) he tells me: The only reason one becomes education is to not only support themselves but to support those who love them such as ones parents.

He tells me the stories of how he served in Vietnam and how his friends who sought after higher education failed. Usless degrees are a real thing. He begins to explain why I shouldn't go for a CS Degree however I disagree with his point that CS is stealing everyones jobs including our own. It is in fact stealing jobs but rather turning them into something better, requiring a new job to maintain the newly automated task.

Shortly after he begins to speak Russian and I explain to him how I am adopted from Russia. However, I do not no the language other then basic greetings and some slight vocabulary. He tells me how my parents love me more then anything but curiosity is getting to the best of me, deep down inside I want to find my birth parents and at this moment I knew he was absolutly correct. The old man tells me this is the part of my life that matters the most, if I don't fulfill this curiosity I will suffer for the rest of my life. Now is the time he says, now is the time.

Not long after this he begins to talk about overweight people and how they live a miserable life and need help. People who weigh 200 - 300lbs are costing themselves more trouble then they could imagine. They typically pay more for public transportation and need special assistance for what should be a simple task. It is a global problem he has seen growing up but he wont be around anymore to help stop it.

Before his wife finds him he tells me one last thing. No matter how old you are you need to stay in shape. Keep the body and the mind clear. What kills people from the inside out is neglect. Also, never be afraid of death. "Those who fear death are already dead."

Around the corner comes his wife and he immediately shakes my hand and takes off. I imagine I will never see this man ever again. If only I could speak with him one last time I could tell him how much of an impact he made on my life and the way I look at the world around me.