This Is A True Story About How Much I Love My Mom by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

I've been depressed and suicidal ever since I can remember. It's genetic, runs in the family. Dad's side of the family has suicide victims, as does my mom, so I got hit with both barrels. There was never a period in my life where my depression and anxiety didn't make me feel like shit. When I joined kindergarten I remember hiding in the corner from the other kids, throwing up while reading books because I had no idea how to interact with the class. Kids bullied me for only having one testicle, they bullied me for being a little weird, they bullied me for everything. I was sad and alone, felt like a loser and wanted to just leave, and death seemed like the best way to do it. The main reason I'm still alive is because of my mom. My mom has always been there for me, when I would cry she would stroke my hair and hold me, when I felt alone she would come in and just talk- not in a patronizing tone but rather like I was an adult. My mom was and is my best friend. She would always sing "you are my sunshine" to me to remind me that I'm always loved and cared for. 

&#x200B;

I'm 23 now and I think about those little moments all the time. They're the only reason I'm still breathing. My mom is my rock and anchor and I don't know what I will do without her. She had to go to the doctor the other day for memory issues. She has always had impeccable memory, but just like depression Alzheimer runs in my family. The past few months she's been leaving her keys weird places, forgetting why she entered a room and leaving pots boiling with nothing in them. The other day she called me crying saying she didn't know where she was or how she got there. She had walked through the woods down the bank of our property barefoot, her feet cut and bruised and bleeding. She went to the doctor just this week and got the news- early onset Alzheimer. My mom is going to lose herself one day, and when she does I know what I will do. I read on Reddit that songs can trigger memories, and with my mom "you are my sunshine" is the song she associates with me and her childhood. All I can think about right now is the day that I'm going to have to hold her in my arms, the way she held me in hers when I was scared of the world. I'll stroke her hair the way she would mine when I felt alone, and I'll take care of her how she did me. 

&#x200B;

The thing that's fucking with me are the word's to "you are my sunshine" and knowing I will have to sing them to mom when she begins losing herself- I don't think I can cope. I mean fuck, just read these few lines:

 

The other night, dear, as I lay sleeping  
I dreamed I held you in my arms  
But when I awoke, dear, I was mistaken  
And I hung my head and I cried

You are my sunshine, my only sunshine  
You make me happy when skies are grey  
You'll never know, dear, how much I love you  
Please don't take my sunshine away

She may come to one day where she doesn't know how much I love her, or how much she loved me. As a child sleeping with mom made me feel safe and loved when  I couldn't love myself. Knowing one day I'm going to wake and never feel that same hug again kills me. This entire song was some fucked joke at my expense, as it was the thing that symbolized my moms love for me, and also that she will one day forget me and become the same scared sad kid I was. I will always be there for my mom, I will hold her and sing her this song until the end, even if it kills me to just think about. 

&#x200B;

Thanks for reading, I have no one else to talk to about this, my throat hurts from how hard I've been holding back tears the past few days. I love my mom and I just wanted someone to know that even if she forgets me, I will never forget her. 

&#x200B;

You are my sunshine, and I hope you know how much I love you. Thanks mom.