I was called a bully and it stuck with me for 7 years. by t2_690gu6gn

This story sounds pretty small and unimportant and the event of it truly is to everyone else, but to me it was really eye opening kinda, in a way. 

When I was like 10 years old my family had come to my house for a small get together, it was honestly just my parents, siblings, my cousin and his mom. While my cousin was there we decided to play some Roblox on our phones with my twin brother. We were all like 10 at the time so we were just kids goofing off and having fun while playing the game, it was all innocent. We had called a friend and put him on speaker so he could play with us as well, it was even more fun then. 

Then my brother started to get a little frustrated at the game, he was a kid who got angry a lot so this wasn’t new but we still suggested that we just play a different game, except he didn’t want to since he was determined to finish this level. He continued failing at the level and started to get more and more angry, yelling at his phone and kicking the pillows and stuffed animals around. The friend over the phone had been silent since it was a little awkward, so naturally me and my cousin started giggling at that fact. My brother heard us giggling and instantly thought we were laughing at him being angry. 

He smashed his phone. Obliterated it. The screen came off and everything. Because of the loud thud my parents came running into the room to figure out what happened, they saw my brother angry, crying and his phone broken on the floor. He was instantly scolded for smashing his phone and we were told to explain what happened. I told my parents that me and my cousin were laughing at our friend being dead silent over the phone while playing but my older sister wasn’t buying it at all.

She said that she wouldn’t doubt it if I was laughing at him on purpose because she thought I was a bully and naturally mean to kids at school. This obviously wasn’t true but when my parents heard my brother say we were laughing at him everyone proceeded to call me a bully. 

It’s been roughly 7 years since then and people in my family still being up the story and still call me a bully when talking about it. I hated it. So much. I’ve never seen my brother so angry before that event and after that he started being more aggressive and physical when he was angry. Back then he’d hit me, making a fist and just bashing the top of my head repeatedly whenever he got angry at anything. He’d kick me, punch me in the ribs, push me to the ground and anytime I try to fight back he’d hit me back way harder. I know it wasn’t my fault that his phone broke, but I still felt such an overwhelming wave of guilt. I felt like I deserved those punched and I was the reason that he gets so angry all the time. 

I never told anybody this but anytime I look at my brother I just feel so horrible, like I started this trail of anger issues. And my family doesn’t make it any better by constantly bringing up the fact that I “bullied him”. 

Nobody knows I feel this way and it’s such a minor event to them that they’ve all moved on. My sister brought up the story to her new fiancé and step kids and called me a bully right in front of them in my own home and I wanted to cry, just breakdown so bad. It was so hard to not just leave and my brother was laughing at the fact that I was teary eyed. It sounds dumb but I truly hate being called a bully and I still feel guilty to this day. I want to tell him I’m sorry, but I don’t know where that would lead me honestly. 

I feel like it wouldn’t fix anything.