Con-Artist? Or just a liar? by t2_8wueb5hi

In my years of using the internet, I’ve stumbled on people both bad and good. I don’t know where to even put this guy, I’m going to name him Danny as a bit of disguise to his real name. This guy is a class A odd ball. 

So, I’m on Facebook with my Alternate account which goes under a different name. I’m scrolling through “People You May Know” which of course are people I don’t know. I come across a man called Danny and immediately I knew I just had to see who he was! 

Mainly because of the fact his profile picture was a head of a dead bird in (I’m guessing) his hand, and I clicked on his name and there was strange posts of him basically saying stuff along the lines of “Antichrist will get the presidents chair this year!” And stuff like “I HEAR YOU LORD I HEAR YOU!” so I knew I just had to add his guy because it was the whole point of my alternate account to end up on the weird side of the internet. 

So I sent him a friend request and it was an instant accepted request! Like not even 10 seconds, it was instant. Straight away I get a message from Danny, “Hello” so I obviously said Hi back and I asked him “So how would you describe yourself to me? What are your interests?” And he just plainly said “I’m Lucifer” and I was just sat there laughing away because clearly it wasn’t Lucifer in my DMs. 

After talking to him and playing along with his Lucifer talk, I played a bit of a persona of a Lucifer loving fan and I wanted to get a bit closer to him and an understanding really. Anyways I went back on his Facebook wall because now I could see more that I added him, all of his friends were just believing everything he posted. “WEREWOLVES ARE REAL BECAUSE I AM ONE” this kind of weird stuff like he was just lying and in his comments was all these young girls no older than 18 for sure, and they was referring to him as Father which was really weird! 

A week goes by of him texting me a lot and asking very personal questions which I managed to dodge or make up well enough for him to shut up about those specific things. I was looking through his friends and I found his old account which was a bit weird but he’s already proven he ain’t all there if you get my drift and he had a completely different vibe on there, he pretended to be the father of a very famous pop singer which was really big in the early 2000s and pretended to have a huge mansion, he clearly wasn’t her father because I researched who her father is and he’s definitely not Danny for sure. 

So I screenshot it and I showed Danny himself and I said “ You failed to mention your daughter is ******** *****?” And he said “You’ve done it now Ryan” 
Ryan is my real name. Ever since his profile had vanished...
I still don’t know how I feel about this. 
Please do let me know how this is possible?
Thank you..