How a lighter could put an entire city to flames by t2_scy34

It was December and I decided to walk around the small 4000 people populated city that I live in with a close friend. He has a lighter with him even though we didn't use to smoke at that time. It was around 11pm at night and a fucked up yet silly idea came to my mind. There was a big old trash can with a lot of garbage in it next to the local post of the city, which was located close to the city centre and I decided to see if the garbage would light up if I just use the lighter for 5 seconds. I saw that nothing big really happened and continued to walk around with my friend. About half an hour later, we had stopped to sit on a bench about half a kilometer away from the local post and we saw smoke in the air, in the direction where the post was. I didn't think at that time that it could've been the trash can producing that smoke because when I tried to light the garbage on fire it didn't work. But me and my friend who are the crazy types of guys that we are and always like to joke and say funny stuff told each other that the smoke was from the garbage. Nevertheless we dediced to go and check the place. When we reached there there wasn't any flames but smoke was fuming away from the trash can. Oh shit, we really did it I said and because we are the guys that we are, we laughed hysterically and walked away like nothing happened. About 20 minutes later we once again wanted to go check the place. Oh my, the trash can was covered by 8 feet tall flames. Inside, we were laughing but of course we could not let the fire get any bigger because in the city that we live, there is not even a police department, hence a fire department. The closest fire department was like an hour drive away. Luckily, the house next to the trash can had a water hose available for us to use and so did we. We were "battling with fire" for about 10 minutes before the fire was put out. The cars that were passing by stopped to see what the heck had happened and even praised us for being "nice citizens" and "saviors" too. If only they knew! *EVIL LAUGH*

In the end it was ironic that the same people who lit a fire also extinguished it. We are not evil people and didn't think that it would light up but we redeemed ourselves in the end by putting the dangerous, who knows what would've happened if it wasn't extinguished fire, out!