My first kiss was horrible and felt worse. by t2_89rbwxcf

I was meeting my friend Joseph at his house and playing Tekken 7 when he told me that i'd be meeting Abigail, his best female friend. He also let me know that she liked spanks. I thought it was a very weird thing to say about someone but ignored it and kept playing.
She made it to J's house about half an hour later and she was beatiful, a seriously good looking person. I said hi and as soon as I turned around I understood why J said that she loved spanks. She seriously liked doing it.
Butt sore, i got to meet her and she turned out to be a very smart and... Weirdly seductive woman. She made moves on me and to be honest, being the virgin that I am I didn't know how to react so I just went along with it. 
A couple of weeks later I got to meet her again at J's house once more, and this time I was sure I was going to make some moves of my own. 
Turns out doing moves is harder than reacting to them so I just did the same thing as the last time I'd seen her. 
That day though, I walked her down the street when we were both leaving Joseph's house. My dad's car was just down the street where she had to make a turn to go home. 
Just before we split our ways i went for a hug to say goodbye. It woulda been a good goodbye hug if it wasnt for the fact that she tried to kiss me in the process. 
Of course we didnt and she just started laughing silly and told me that she was going to kiss me but it was ok. That caught me off guard so I just said "well, next time, I guess" and we both went our ways. 
...
Except I didn't. I stopped midway and started rethinking my life choices. I turned 180 and started running because Abigail had already walked like 4 blocks. It was slightly raining which only made the whole thing worse and more dramatic as it was also very cold. 
When I finally got to her I just told her to stop, and I hunched over to take a breath. She was scared because it was around 2 AM and thought I was gonna assault her. She asked me what happened and I said (in beetwen much needed grasps of air) "I wont leave until I get that kiss".
She made a comment on how remarcably stupid what I did was, but she also said it was extremely cute and she started blushing.
When I got closer we kissed and god was I awful at it. I can only imagine how horrible that must have been for her. The taste of sweat, rain and my saliva must not have been too nice. Once we stopped kissing she told me once again that what I did was cute and we gave each other a peck on the lips to say goodbye. 
The whole thing was as awkward as it could be and the girl turned out to be a very different kind of person. But to this day, romantically speaking, this is still my favourite memory and will always cherish it as a display of how stupidly brave I can be when in love.