I got asked out for the first time…and I rejected him by t2_90zi36ao

This is just a story I would like to share here, because I don't know who else I'd share it with. I apologize if it's messy.

About two months ago, I started working at a new place. I am an incredibly shy person so it was difficult in the beginning, to say the least. But I have tried to get to know some of the people, and tried to be more social and talkative - sometimes it has been very awkward but other times I have been proud of myself!

Anyway, a guy that I work with was more laid back than usual one day. I didn't think about it much, I just thought he was tired or something. Then, he was about to say something, I just said "what?" and he laughed it off. After that, he left the room twice, without saying anything, and came back like nothing had happened. He left a third time, and then, another co-worker of ours came in (without him). She then told me that this guy likes me and wanted to see me outside of work. And I was like ??? when that happened. This guy was so nervous to tell me he couldn't even be in the same room. I can totally relate to that nervousness, so I'm not judging him, I was just genuiely shocked that someone could feel that way around me, since I am so shy, quiet and reserved - why would anyone be nervous around me?

But, sadly, I don't feel the same way about this guy. So, I just told her "no, I'm not interested in a relationship at the moment" - because that's how I currently feel. Although I don't dislike him, I don't think our personalities match well either, and I don't see how that would change by going out with him.

I didn't see him for the rest of that day... Because of that, I was scared that he would be mad at me for rejecting him. I felt like I had made it all awkward. He probably felt that way, too. Some days after that, we had to work together again, and we talked a bit. But, as expected, it was a little more awkard than usual. It was like when I first started working and didn't know what to say.

After a while, he decided to address it, and asked if I was mad about what happened. And I have to admit, the situation made me  a little uncomfortable, because that has never happened to me before, but he didn't do anything wrong, so I couldn't say that I was mad at him, that would just make me an asshole.

He continued with explaining that he was scared that he had made me mad and explained to me that me saying no was totally okay with him, and that life goes on from now. He was also scared that I would complain about it and get him fired, which also made me realize how thin the line between harassment and asking someone out is nowadays, especially since he didn't do anything wrong. So, I think we're in the clear now. Sort of, back to normal again.

With this story, I guess I wanted to say that you should never feel guilty for not wanting to date somebody. Hurting somebody's feelings is never fun, but you have to remember your own feelings as well. They're important too. I was scared that I had hurt his feelings at first, but then I realized - why would I feel guilty about that? I had rejected him respectfully, by a simple "no" since nothing more was needed. I had no reason to feel guilty, I do not owe anyone anything.

Also, don't be unnecessarily rude when someone you're not interested in asks you out. Most people aren't going to respond to rejection by guilt-tripping you into it because they cannot take no for an answer. Had this guy become mad at me, this would have been a different story, because what's the point in being kind to someone who cannot accept your boundaries? I wanted to put this out here to remind you that although many people are disgustingly selfish and don't understand consent, many people are also nice and deserving of respect, even when you’re not physically or romantically attracted to them.

This was probably awfully cheesy. I hope you still enjoyed reading it. If you made it this far, thank you.