How I'm (17f) slowly helping this one special boy (18) with his mental health by simple interactions by t2_aqlumsxh

Hello! Okay first of all,I'm gonna change his name for privacy reasons,let's call him Buddy. He wasn't comfortable with me talking about us to my friends but he allowed me to share it anonymously online. For a lil context,I've know him since I was 7 years old,we separated multiple times over the years but now we've seen each other almost every day for the past months.
Buddy is really depressed since he came from a toxic relationship and he isn't used to being treated the right way by a girl. Due to his depression,his room was messy all the time,he was neglecting his hygiene (like brushing his teeth),etc etc. I know how depressive episodes [...] can feel like so I don't blame him in any way. I knew that he trusted me since we were very close and I knew that he wasn't going to get better if I just talk to him or force him to heal. Therapy wasn't an option because he is really socially anxious too. I didn't blame him for that either. I first started with the issue that he was barely eating,like once day. I started bringing snacks when I came over and he would happily start eating after the first two times. Then later on he started feeling hungry and having appetite all by himself and starting cooking for him/us. I was happy to see that my idea worked,so I was positive for the next one: his hygiene. We had many sleepovers at his house at this point. Usually I went to brush my teeth on my own and didn't push him or questioned why he wouldn't come with me. Then I'd just start getting my toothbrush and announcing that I'd go and brush my teeth. He didn't show any reaction at first so I simply asked him "will you come and brush your teeth too?". He smiled and agreed. And he actually got used to this and we're making progress! He already brushed his teeth without me asking him to join me first. I'm really proud and remind him of that every day. Same thing for showering. If I noticed that he didn't shower for a day or two,I'd simply ask him if he wanted to shower with me. It also worked. He's been so happy since he left his toxic ex girlfriend and he already started healing. All he needed was a lil help to start. What I'm saying is: if you see that your loved ones are struggling, at least try to do something about it. Mental health matters!
(Edit because of spelling)
‼️edit Nr.2. UPDATE‼️ I started doing what a nice redditor suggested,which is praising Buddy for every little thing [ getting out of bed,brushing his teeth,doing his chores,you name it ]. It really helped and he's improving day by day. He's getting more confident and all in all just more relaxed and happy. 
Even his mom,her boyfriend and some gaming friends starting pointing out that he seems more "balanced". I'm very proud of him!!
I know that there r gonna be days where he's unwell,unmotivated and feeling down again,but I'll be there for him. I won't leave Buddy to himself,ever. In my past,I would've k¡lled for a person that sticks to me when I need it. I promised myself that I'm not going to let him feel lost like I did.

 To the people struggling out there: I hope you get your chance to heal. You deserve it. Mental health matters,so much.