The girl I met in the train, Part 11 by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋, this the 11th part of the story. So if you haven't read the first parts, please do, so that the story would make sense. You can easily find the previous parts on my profile, just click on my profile ' j0hnwikk ' above the title. I hope you will read them🤗.

That day was special for me, our hands touched for the first time and we had our first walk together. There was a sudden silence when it was just the two of us. It was almost like we lost the ability to speak. We both had a smile on our face. I was acting like I was dropping her home after a date. She was kind of acting the same way like I was.

I wanted to  start a conversation but my mind was just blank. I was enjoying that moment with her, a moment to cherish for the rest of my life. I still remember it and I wonder what would have gone through her mind. She was the daffodil of my life. Daffodils are beautiful just like her. They are the first flowers to bloom after winter and they represent new beginnings.

She changed my life and she doesn't even know it. She made me a better person, she made me try new things that I would never have done if I hadn't met her.Thinking about her just lifts my moods.  She made me happy, she doesn't know how happy I was when she walked with me.

I think we walked just around 50 metres, it didn't even last a minute. When we reached her home, we paused for a second, smiled and said bye.  I started walking home, in my mind I was dancing, I wished we held our hands together but it doesn't matter. I looked back after a few steps to see if she is looking back, but she didn't. I hoped for a scene like in the movies where the protagonists look back at each other. 

I told my close friends about my walk with her the next day. I described it beautifully and all they did was laugh. They asked me to calm down, 'it was just a walk that lasted seconds'. They were right to an extend , maybe I was a fool, but deep down I knew everything I felt that night was real.

Will be continued.

This is a true story so please don't expect something filmy😅. Thank you for reading.Your feedbacks are valuable,DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Give an upvote if you liked it. I will see you friends soon🖤.