I set my best friend up with the love of my life by t2_q8fzlq91

A little context. I have not- and will not - date this man. Let’s call him J. I’ve been head-over-heels in love with J for a good 3 years now. But when I first fell for him I made the mistake of telling my ex-friend. One week after I told this friend, she started emotionally/verbally abusing me. (Some weird jealousy thing I guess). It took me months to get out of that situation. And, in the end, I lost both my reputation, and my friend group. That really fucked me up, and I’ve been suppressing my feeling for J ever since. 

Fast forward to now: I’ve completely rebuilt my life. I’ve gained a solid friend group. I’ve found people that I can trust. I’m going to school for engineering. But, best of all, I met H. She’s smart, funny, and kind. She’s my other half. We think the same language. 

J is still in my life. In fact, we openly refer to each other as male/female best friend’s. Over the years my feelings for him have never gone away. I’ve just buried them. Instead of the overwhelming butterflies, I get a throbbing sensation in my gut. Something to let me know those feelings are there, even if I barely acknowledge them.

A couple months ago me, H, and J were all hanging out. I noticed some serious flirting going on between the two, but put it out of my mind. I knew H didn’t like him, and I had a hard time ever picturing her starting to like him. (She had her own trauma she was dealing with). Then, the more the 3 of us hung out, the more obvious their connection got. I nearly vomited when I realized what was happening. 

It took me a couple of weeks, but I knew I couldn’t stand between them. I wouldn’t do H dirty like that. I genuinely care for them both, and I knew they’d be a good fit. So, my fucking subconscious started playing Cupid. 
I planted the idea of dating in H’s mind. She hadn’t seriously considered it out of fear of losing the friendship, but I encouraged her. It only took 2 weeks for her to admit she had developed feelings for him. 

After that I flat out asked J what he was thinking. He told me he liked her, but wasn’t planning on asking her out. 
That was one of the hardest conversations of my life. I could feel my heart become shredded beef, but I still did the right thing. I encouraged him to ask her out, and he’s planning to do it tomorrow. 

I feel like shit. I feel like out of respect of their relationship - and my own sanity - I need to cut ties with H and J. But they’re my closest friends. It would feel like plunging into a vat of hot oil. 
But I’ve done it to myself. I brought them together, and successfully ruined my relationship with both. 

I need some advice, Y’all. What should I do? Did I do the right thing by bringing them together?  Sorry if this post is hard to read.