Is she crazy? by t2_ifbysr38

So my brother got a girl pregnant back in Feb 2021 . We knew about it and we met the girl. She was pretty cool. Over the months, my brother would tell me that the pregnancy is making her clingy and emotional(duh) and that he doesn’t really like being around her. He’d always come straight home after work and even stay home on his off days. I would ask why he isn’t with this girl or why hasn’t he checked in on her and he just says that she’s fine. Mind you, my brother is a HUGE dick and a narcissist. He also has sex with a lot of different women but never commits. He’s had one girlfriend years ago but I still don’t know why they broke up. Anyway, we haven’t seen the girl for a while and my brother pretty much ignores her. I tell him that pregnant women need lots of attention and care so he should be checking in on her. Of course, he doesn’t listen. The baby was due in October but we haven’t heard from the girl in months. Tell me why she texted my brother saying to come over to see the baby and it turns out the BABY WAS JUST BORN. He showed us some pictures of a baby that was not more than a week old. Doesn’t add up, right? She told him she carried the baby to 38 weeks meaning she wouldn’t have gotten pregnant until maybe May or something. My brother revealed that he was still having sex with her, unprotected because “she was already pregnant. I can’t make her more pregnant”. She eventually told him that she miscarried a little after she got pregnant the first time and then managed to get pregnant again while they were still having sex. She never told him about the miscarriage because he was always ignoring her and leaving right after sex so she never got the chance to. As someone who has also miscarried, I can understand holding in that pain. Not to mention, my brother isn’t the most responsive and he’s let her know that he hates being around her. I’m not excusing her actions but how would you say something important like that to someone who hates your guts and acts like you’re a nuisance? After he came back and told us this, he said he feels like she got pregnant on purpose to trap him. But if he kept having unprotected sex with her, was it on purpose? Honestly, I see blame in both of them. Him for playing around with her and manipulating her feelings and her for not telling him about her miscarriage. Idk, what do you guys think?