AITA for telling my mother that she is a terrible mother? by t2_u85jayfo

My parents have been married for 18 years and everything was fine until 2-3 years ago. Until 2-3 years ago household chores were divided equally. However, my mother no longer does household chores and it all falls to my father.  My mom works at KFS on shifts and my dad is a driver. He transports the goods to several counties and usually wakes up at 4 a.m. and comes home at 5 p.m. Mom stops cooking and cleans only sometimes. When Dad comes from work, he cooks and cleans. And she always has something bad to say about what me and dad do. For example, you did not wash the dishes well, you did not sweep well, etc. And when my sister 5f and I 17f compliment my dad's food, she makes the victim and says we're picky and she doesn't cook because she knows that we wouldn't eat her food. Every time I try to tell her that it's not ok what she's doing, she says I'm on my father's side and that I love him more. Every time my sister and I need something, my dad is the one who helps us. For example, if I need her to take me to school because I woke up late and I ask her, she says she's afraid to drive, but she always drives to work (and the distances are relatively equal). But today my mother has crossed the line. My sister had been chilled for a few days, nothing serious. But today she had a fever. Dad was panicked. (He tends to panic when it comes to my health, that of my sister or my mother. His father died when he was 12 years old and his brother died electrocuted in his arms. He's afraid to lose us too.) Mom said she was exaggerating and that there was nothing to worry about. My dad wanted to take my sister to the hospital but my mom refused to come under the pretext that dad would argue with the doctors and nurses (that's never happened before) and that she wouldn't be able to get in anyway (because only one parent is allowed to accompany the child). He didn't even want to dress up my sister, I dressed her. I also went with my dad to the hospital and I stayed outside to wait, but it seemed normal for her to come as mom too. My mother asked me to send her messages to keep her up to date. When I got home, I gasped and told him everything I actually believed. I told her it was her job to be with my sister and that she was a terrible mother. I told her she is lazy and that she only care about herself. She still doesn't want to talk to me and I don't feel guilty for what I told her. So am I the asshole?