The time I almost got eaten alive by t2_3vnggk3u

 Backstory: So my family and my parents friends were visiting a beach over the Summer. We visited a little island with really nice sand and turquoise water. Really beautiful place, until this happened...

 I was helping my younger brother who’s about 14 build a hut out of found materials (there was a lot of driftwood lying around) when I notice a kid yelling. I turn to see what’s going on and I see this kids float toy in the water drifting away. So, I tell my brother “be right back” and run after it.

 I’m a pretty good swimmer so I decided to help this kid out by getting his float toy. After all, it wasn’t too far out in the water. Doesn’t seem like anything could go wrong, right? 

Bad idea.

I’m swimming and I underestimate the current, the float toy if drifting a bit faster, so I speed up. 
By now I’m about 200 meters out into the water. I keep swimming and start to get pretty far away from the island. Now people are getting concerned. I am really tired so I push myself and go as fast as I can. 

 Eventually I catch up to the floatie and rest on it (it’s like an inflatable boat). I was filled with adrenaline and didn’t realize how far out I was. I shut my eyes for a second and catch my breath. When I open my eyes, I turn to bring the floatie back when I see a gray figure moving in the water. I squint and realize the thing I am seeing is a shark. I gasp, eyes wide, silent, hoping this killer beast hasn’t seen me.

It has.

 With a sudden jolt is swims towards me, bursting out of the water, I jump out of the way. Now I’m in the water with a shark. Great. The shark swims toward me and I pull myself up on the floatie just as it is about to grasp me. I’m screaming for help now, and I can see two boats coming toward me. I turn and see a third. I try to block the shark’s sightline with the boat. Sharks are stupid, right? Well for once I was right. And wrong. The shark swims around the floatie to see me again. 

 By now, a boat is in reasonable length so I jump, forgetting the floatie. I hold on for my life on the front of the boat as the driver slows down. I scream to keep going as the shark is chasing the boat. I pull myself up and a wave hits the boat, flinging me in the air. I land on the boat, my wrist now killing me from the pain of landing. 

 The man whips the boat around and drives back to the island. The whole time I’m screaming in fear, in pain, in the realization of my stupidity. The shark eventually swims away. We get back to the island and my brother is crying his eyes out. My mother hugs me and everyone else around in just watching, jaw dropped at the scene.

 Some woman on another boat comes back with the little kids floatie and he gives it to me. I kind of smile and tell him he can keep it. 
 
 I learned two valuable lessons from this. 
1: Sharks are stupid 
2: Sharks are scary
3: Never chase after some kids floatie if it’s more than 5 yards out in the water.