The girl I met in the train, Part 9 by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋, this the 9th part of the story. So if you haven't read the first parts, please do, so that the story would make sense. You can easily find the previous parts on my profile, just click on my profile ' j0hnwikk ' above the title. I hope you will read them🤗.

I knew I was in love with her. I think a lot about the things in my life. I was already thinking about our marriage. I said in my mind, ' she is the one for me'. I didn't want anything else in my life. Waking up next to her and going to sleep feeling her love, that's all I wanted. 

I read somewhere a quote once,it goes like this, 'Love is the goal, Life is the journey'. Humanity wouldn't exist without love, love is what makes us humans. Of course I was a teenager in love back then but my love was pure,sincere and innocent. I was practical too, I realised we  were of the same age and I should get a good job after college. 

I started an Instagram account so I could talk with her. Instagram was hugely popular among teenagers and youngsters at that time. I didn't want to ask her number, I thought it would be too fast. I strongly doubted she would be on instagram and I was right. We both started following each other. 

We talked in insta mostly about tuition class timings. Now that I think about it, I guess we were trying to reduce the amount of words in our messages for each other like there was a message limit or something. When I receive a message from her with bare minimum of words I tried to do the same. In tuition class we didn't talk much too. I really don't know how to talk to a girl, I really don't. I could keep a count of the amount of times I talked to a girl who is not blood  related to me because it was that little. I was finding it difficult to start a conversation with her. Yes I was kind of a looser in that department.

I was friends with her friend selena more than I was friends with her. Well there are reasons for it, selena used to sit right beside me every single time and Remi would sit next to her. Selena used to start conversations with me , we make fun of each other and we were good friends. Besides I had no pressure when I was talking to selena, I didn't think much and I said what I feel. When I try to talk to Remi, I overthink. Even though we didn't talk much, I am pretty sure she knew I had feelings for her. There was a tension between us, we didn't talk freely with each other.

Teacher changed the whole seating setup after sometime, they were sitting in the bench in front of us. I enjoyed that seating arrangement much more. I used to wait for her to tilt her head to look at the textbook so I could see her while  I was sitting behind her. Sometimes she would come with two ponytails, one in the left side and one in the right side, it was cuteness overloaded for me. I used to annoy my friend Mike sometimes by telling him how pretty she looked. 

I waited everyday for those few seconds when she tilted her head to read the textbook and those  seconds were completely worth it. One day I was punished for not completing the homework, I was asked to kneel down and complete it. I was least bothered about kneeling down when she was sitting in front of me, kneeling down and enjoying the most beautiful view cannot be considered as a punishment for me. That day when she was about to leave she looked at me said 'it was ok, just complete it fast' and when she was walking past me she waved her hands and said 'bye'. 

I smiled and waved back. She was like a philosopher for me, we speak very less with each other, but every word she says gets imprinted in my head like a quote. Sometimes I felt like she was looking at me when she turned her head sideways to look at the textbook. I am pretty sure she knew I was just looking at her throughout the class or maybe she didn't, but I believe women will notice this kind of behaviour. She acts a bit different when I'm around and I act really different when she is around.

Will be continued.


This is a true story so please don't expect something filmy😅. Thank you for reading.Your feedbacks are valuable,DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Give an upvote if you liked it. I will see you friends soon🖤.