The time I almost got jumped in a homeless youth shelter. by t2_4w6hpc2p

Okay so let’s take it back to 2017 I was 20 I was having problems at home I honestly wanted to get my own place but I couldn’t didn’t have money or whatever I live in Miami Florida btw. 
Anyways I left home because I got in an argument with my mom the previous day I didn’t want to go back home.

Anyways I’m wondering in this other county trying to think of what to do it’s night time so I going on reddit ask if anyone knows a place I can crash at in Miami. Someone gives me the name of this youth shelter in Miami. I call ask if their is any space they say yes and then I catch an Uber to Fort Lauderdale where it’s at it’s a 30 minute drive. 

The the other guy besides the driver I was driving with lived in Fort Lauderdale but came to the county I was in and I was like damn your going catch a 30 to 45 minute drive way where I’m at that’s expensive. My under drive was 20 dollars to Fort Lauderdale.

Anyways I arrive at the shelter it’s pretty decent. I get interviewed then get food it was good and then they give me some spare clothes washing bathroom supplies and then send me to my room. Tbh I was planing on staying for a while at this place to see if I could possibly get an apartment but because of what happened I bailed.

Okay so I get in the room there is like 5 guys there including me I bathe and then yeah then go to bed. The next morning there is like 4 black guys there one with red hair and then a white guy or might have been white hispanic. I’m mixed race half black half Latino I have been mistaken for Latino almost all my life.

The next day the activities of the day go one I eat some food I see all the other young ppl my age there some homeless mothers and what not. I ended crying during lunch time. Anyways there was this really morbidly obese gay black guy probably like pushing 500 pounds tbh there and there was this black skinny guy with dreads. 

Well at night when I was in the room which had an awful stench of smelly old socks and something really fucking putrid to the point I couldn’t sleep when I arrived it fucking reeked it was way too smelly tbh to sleep in the room but everything else was okay. The black guy with the dreads was giving me an attitude the whole day for no reason I hadn’t even barely said a word to him.


Anyways all day I was going attitude from certain  people and I wanna kick your ass stares and something about the place just didn’t seem right, anyways. He was going on about something about the bathroom that I didn’t know about cause I was new. Then the gay fat black guy told this other black guy in the room he disliked me and I didn’t even speak to him? So anyways after that I get up and walk out my room I call 911 and tell them to send an officer to this place to get me out out of fear of getting jumped they said they can’t do that??? How??? Idk tbh that was shocking I was in fear for my life! Anyways I just made up some lie saying I was suicidal and then they sent some cops to pick me up and then I said just take me to the hospital to be checked into the mental hospital when I got there they just left me at the door I decided not to check in and just caught an Uber back home. Lol it was a scary night.