A Boy, A Girl, and A Jar Full of Pennies by t2_clqjffsd

So… when I was 5 years old I used to live in a cul de sac in Illinois. My father, being military, meant I moved quite often. I’ll get to that part.

So me and this girl lived adjacent from one another and we played all the time. We were in Kindergarten and 1st grade together. Hide and Seek, playing house, swimming, riding bikes, truth and dare was the run-of-the-mill activity list for us in this neighborhood.

Kids used to always tease us chanting “Name and Name sitting in a tree. K I S S I N G.” It was humorous and we’d often laugh it off, but one day we were over her house playing house and she just sat on her bed. I was pretending to cook and she goes, “Mmm it smells good, but can you come here and help me?” I obliged. She stared me deep in my eyes and said, “Why do other kids say we kiss when we haven’t?” Being 6 I didn’t have the world figured out let alone my favorite Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle. I shrugged in bewilderment. No idea found me. Put her lips did right she said, “We should.”

So that was my first kiss. But then…

*enters grandmother*

“WHAT ARE YOU TWO CHILDREN DOING??!!”

Me… scared as hell… looking at the floor where the piggy bank fell. “Counting pennies?”

Fast forward 10 years during yet another military issued move.

We stopped in St. Louis to visit family and my mother took us to the mall to get some school clothes and what have you. I remember Nelly being really popular at the time and at this age I was definitely into girls.

I saw this really pretty, petite, mixed girl with extremely curly hair walk by with some friends. Jokingly, I yelled out, “Ayo shawty what’s your name!” She turns around and both our jaws hit the floor.

There was 0 probability we mistook one another at that very moment. For a moment the world stopped. Everything around deafened and blurred.

We locked eyes for what seemed like an eon and we walked directly up to one another.

Only sentence she spoke:

“So that’s why the NAME REDACTED’s said our family should come for dinner…”

She awkwardly leaves and I’m just dumbfounded and unaware of what the hell is going on. Life just came full circle for me and I was having a hard time gripping the fact I just saw the story none of my early childhood friends believed: the owner of my first kiss.

Fast forward 3hrs.

We pull up to the same cul de sac I grew up in and great the family that invited us. Nice family with great values that were pivotal in my developmental years. Me and the other “child” (now teen) decided to go out and see the old neighborhood.

Almost in queue a white vehicle rolls slowly to a stop right in front of my old house and I see this small shadow step out of the backseat and start running towards us.

It’s her.

Not to bore with details: but we begin talking and begin finishing each others sentences. We sit closer and closer and decide to go out for a walk to view the neighborhood. We sit under our favorite tree growing up.

Her: “Can I admit something?”
Me: “Sure. What’s up?”
Her: “Things aren’t the same from when we were kids… but… I’ve never once forgot about you. You made my childhood fun. You made me feel… something I’m still not sure I’m familiar with.”
Me: “… love?”
Her: “Well you didn’t have to say it and kill the mood. You’ve always been quick to answer and never quick to think.”
Me: “… you mean spontaneous? Like when I fought off the asshole who crushed your snowman because you started crying?”

We both laughed until the last one could be heard echoing in the dusk.

We stood up and she just stayed there hugging me.

“You should come to Six Flags with my Church Group.”

I obliged.

Fast forward 8.5 hours which felt like a quick trip to Mars by bicycle.

My mother drops me off at her new house and we go in for breakfast.

Me: “Hey Mr. REDACTED! What ya cook?”
Him: “The only thing I’m allowing you to put your lips on in this house.”
Her and I lock eyes and our parents start hysterically laughing.

“Y’all didn’t think we knew?”
I began rolling my dunce cap.

We left as the van pulled up just in time to save us from the life support of embarrassment our parents subjected us to.

We shared headphones and listened to music the whole way. Unsurprisingly, we had similar taste. She started playing more and more love songs.

Fast forward $29 for a coke and hot dog later.

We are sitting in line for bumper cars and I’m excited to be doing something fun away from family. She grabs my arm and lets her friends run lady to get ahead in line. We sit there silently looking at the line. She then proceeds to stare at me. Her eyes read “Listen to me”. Confused me about as much as it would anyone reading that sentence.

“You know…” *drops pennies on the ground* “You’re pretty good at counting from what I can remember.”

Thus began the moment that defined me as a man til this day. A kiss stemmed from love. That would be the first, and last time I ever experienced that. And I cherish it as you would a family heirloom.

She’s married and happy now. I’m quite the opposite, but I still have this joy knowing this story is a chapter of my life.

(sorry for improper grammar usage and spelling issues…)