The Time I Smoked Dope with System of a Down by t2_9ejbr

February 8th, 2000

The SnoCore tour had come to the State Theater in Detroit.  Puya, Mr. Bungle, Incubus, and System of a Down. At the time, it was a year and a half before SOAD would release Toxicity and Incubus would release Morning View, both their breakthrough albums. 

I showed up extra early that day with my gf at the time. Without getting into it, she was very much an attention seeker. We approached the line, which was barely forming, when we noticed the tour bus around the side of the building.  Anyone who has been to a concert knows that tour buses are a regular sight at concert venues, but we were early enough that as we watched, off stepped Daron Malakian followed by Shavo Odadjian. I was already an enormous SOAD fan, and recognized them both. Without really knowing why, we started walking towards them. My gf asked who they were (not getting into it) and I said "That's Shavo, the bass player." so she shouted out "SHAVO!"

And to both of our surprise, he turned and looked.  Funny how yelling someones name will do that. He had no idea who we were, but came over anyways and said hi. As it was Michigan in 2000, you couldn't just run out to the dispensary, so we told him we would like to smoke some grass with him. He said that sounded great, but he didn't know where to go.

We suggested going onto the tour bus (natch). Shavo demurred, saying that Serj was meditating onboard and didn't like it when anyone smoked around him while he did, which is super fair. We asked if we could go backstage where Daron had gone, and Shavo said he had never played there before and didn't know if we could find a secluded spot. So I suggested my truck.  Amazingly, he said "cool"

So the three of us walked about half a mile back to where my old Blazer was parked. He hopped in the front passenger seat, and we smoked a couple of bowls for a good 25-30 minutes while he talked about life on the road. I'll never forget when he said being a rockstar was a pain in the ass, he had no address and had to have his mom collect his mail from a PO box. As I was a struggling musician myself for a long time both before and after this meeting, that bit of reality I always took with me. We sat discussing music for a while (mostly Mike Patton).

We all walked back to the venue, where the line had grown quite a bit. As we approached, several recognized Shavo and shouted out to him while he walked with us. He was kind and just such a great presence to be around. He didn't have any backstage passes for us, but snuck us in so we could at least skip the line. Proceeded to enjoy one of the greatest concerts I've ever been to.