My grandmother recently died, clearing out her garage, we found this story handwritten on faded paper. This story was written by her when she was of college age (early 1950s). by t2_4kumbkoo

The Old Old Lady. 

“ ‘allo gel, come in” I followed her down a passage into a small, but bright, room. She sank down in an armchair as though the walk to the front door had been a great effort. 
             She was a little woman in her late seventies. Her hair was a dark grey, long and very thin and she wore it in a bun at the nape of her neck. Her face was lined, but somehow managed to look soft and smooth. I found it hard to discover the colour of her eyes for they were so faded and misty. Her expression was kindly. 
            “Let me make yer a cuppa tea gel” and shuffled out into what she called the scullery, a tiny room leading off the one in which we sat. When she returned with the tea she asked me to pour, as she couldn’t keep her hand steady and slopped tea into the saucer. 
            While we sat and drank our tea, she talked of her children, grandchildren and great grandchildren, one or other of whom was always popping in to see her. Although one of her daughters lived in the upstairs flat of her little house, she could not manage to walk up the stairs, nor did she particularly want to. She valued her independence and was never lonely.
Television was her only pastime, apart from a quick glance at the daily newspaper, through a huge magnifying glass. 
         “Pour yerself another cuppa tea gel” she said. 
She called all females “gel” and all males “boy”. 
           The milkman had a standing joke with her about this and always called her “old lady”. 
She had been born in the East End of London and except for a few holidays at the seaside, had never left it. 
          We discussed a recent wedding in the family and I asked her if she had been married in her life. She thought for a while and said “I dunno gel, I can’t remember”. At my look of surprise she added “well such a lot ‘as ‘appened to me since then. I had ten children but two died. I remember them all being ‘ungry and me with no money to buy food”.
          She went on to tell me when she was first married, her husband wouldn’t let her stand at the door talking with neighbours (a common pastime then) because he was so jealous, he was convinced she would flirt with passers by. This was quite untrue, but she wasn’t allowed much freedom. He had a nasty temper and years later, when the children were grown up, always seemed to be rowing with one or other of them. She was too frightened to interfere but sat and cried, hating the quarrelling which went on. 
           Her children all loved her dearly - and were thankful that she was able to spend her latter years more peacefully, for her husband died when she was in her sixties. She remembered him as a man who had suffered a great deal of pain in his life and bore him no unkind thoughts. 
           After chatting a little longer, I told her I had to go but would come and see her again soon. 
           The last time I ever saw her she was recovering from a heart attack. She had had one before and was now very weak and not able to see very well. On this occasion she said “well gel, I’m ready to go now. I feel I ‘ave ‘ad long enough on this earth. I don’t want to go blind, I can’t see much now. I don’t want to be dependent on them all. They’ve all been so good to me”. 
           It made me sad to look at her sitting there, hopefully awaiting death. Sad that she had so little in her long life. Sad that there had been nothing wonderful to remember. Even the births of her children were accompanied by a great worry over lack of money to feed them. 
          I told her she would be sadly missed by everyone, when her time came.  
          She sat uncomplaining, she never expected any more from life than what she had received. 
          I kissed her before I left. 
“Goodbye gel” she said. 
“Goodbye Gran”, I replied, “God bless you”. 
“