First world, from a third world perspective by t2_48riu7tn

Okay, never thought I would post this but here we go...

Back when I was 13, I heard the word third world country, same old history class again and our teacher said that we live in a third world country (I live in India btw). But, at that time I didn't pay much attention to it. Fast forward couple of months, I saw some new neighbours moving in my neighborhood. That is were I met Ryan (name changed). He was born and brought up in California, USA. It was rather odd to see a guy move from cali to a semi rural part in South of India. But hey, it was back in 2013 when the world was a better place (😀🙃). I was not exposed to the internet and my knowledge of the USA was mostly from water downed Hollywood movies which I only Seldom got to watch (well, cause Indian cable TV). So, Ryan was about the same age as me. He said he was in 7th grade. So, basically we had great conversations, played cricket 🏏 and had a really great time. In one of those conversations, he did talk about how it is to live in the US, and for a naive 13 y/o. It was as though he was talking about this magical land, were public utilities worked, water was not a problem. Food was nutritious, and NO FREAKING POWER CUTS?!! I was amused by how it would be to live in a country like that. 

We had a decent time for 2 months and he left back for the US. I have no contact of him, I didn't have a phone, wasn't aware of insta handles back then(😂😂, obviously no internet back then). But, the only thing that I carry with me is great memories of the time we spent talking about how school was in both countries and playing cricket.

Now, fast forward 7 years, now 20y/o. I am in college now studying Electrical engineering. Maybe I am bit more aware of the world, but not quite well traveled, still haven't moved away from India. I am now  exposed to the internet, and in some sense living vicariously through other people lives. In some sense, I still have thoughts on how it would be to live in sub urban American life. 

However, I am also pretty happy with my life as now (Eventhough COVID is a pain). But, what can I say, I do still feel like life could be better when it is 40°c and 98% humidity and there is no electricity, or when water smells like arsenic. There is always conflicting thoughts.

Overtime, I realised a lot of things, there are problems everywhere in many forms regardless of our place. Maybe I wrong. But when compared to a lot of people living a luxury and being unhappy, I am really happy ( yes I do get depressed sometimes) for the most part.

Moreover, the world becoming a village due to the advent of technology is good, but at the same time, for all the online interactions and connections with people that we have today, I could never forget how a conversation with a real human with totally different background was something that I could never forget. It was some of the most beautiful conversations I ever had. Because, we were kids, naive, curious and were not afraid if one person or other is offended.

PS. one day I would like to visit and other developed countries, but at the same I am extremely grateful for the life I have been given with, for loving parents and amazing friends. 

Sometimes I feel the live life expecting a fantasy in our heads without realising how fantastic reality is.
Thank you guys 😊