My little sister doesn't want people to see her stomach. by t2_nisefd18

My sister (F14) just came into my room to ask for a shirt that covers her stomach. So of course I asked why, seeing how this ringed some alarm bells in my head.

She said it was because she doesn't want people seeing her stomach/she's worried people are staring at her because of her stomach. Then proceeded to complain about her stomach being "bloated".

I feel sick to my stomach to know she's falling prey to the 'nobody can have a visible stomach" ideal of women's bodies. That she has internalised it to the point of wanting to hide her stomach. (She's not even fat, literally, our whole family is thin asf, part of me is worried she's maybe developing body dysmorphia or something along those lines.)

I don't know what to do or say to take away from it, nor do I think I can, nor is it really my place to. Yet as her older sibling I can't help but want to protect her from everything & anyone. And I'm saddened by the knowledge that no matter how hard my mom and I try, my sister doesn't seem to see her own beauty in her body.

And damnit she's still growing! She's only 14!!! She shouldn't be worried about having a visible stomach!! She should be having fun, her first priority SHOULDN'T be the way she looks!

Edit: Felt like I should perhaps clarify some things.
1. No my sister does not only own crop tops, I think she was specifically looking for a baggy summer shirt in my closet. Perhaps all of hers were in the wash, I don't know. But it is summer over here so she can't go out wearing baggy sweaters or such.

2. She's probably Not pregnant or trying to hide something from me. My sister has always come to me with anything and knows that I'll always be there for her. She comes to me when she has had arguments with our mom, when she buys new things, if she needs some snacks, or to borrow clothes. And even IF she chooses to not tell me something, I cannot and will not pressure her into telling me about it. She will tell me when she's ready. And I'll be there to listen and give comfort

3. We're a very open and communicative family. I'm autistic & enby and supported in it. We don't have any issues discussing heavier topics (which we've had to because abuse has been a thing that ran in the family, ourmom being the first to break that cycle), & we support and love each other unconditionally.
(My sister even once asked mom what she'd do if she got pregnant in her teenage years, and mom said that she'll respect what ever decision she makes about her body/the child).

4. This isn't the first time she's commented about how her body looks in this way. I've also got a close friend who has issues with her body image as well, and some of the things my sister said remind me of that friend and the issues said friend has. I just wish for my sis to not have to suffer through it as well, because from watching my friend constantly pull apart her body mentally I know what it can do to someone.