That time the principal called me out for uploading lesbians, as a minor. by t2_dj6yint5

This happened back in 2018 when I was 15.

One day I was out with my friends and I drew a NSFW drawing as a joke (it didn't have nudity or anything hella explicit, just boobie grabbing, so it DID have a obvious sexual element to it) and while we were waiting for the bus to come I began shading it. I loved how it turned out so I uploaded it on my Facebook, thinking it would be funny. 

The principal of my school called me in his office two days later, telling me that he was going to tell my parents. 
(For anyone wondering how he saw it, at some point I started adding teachers in my friends list and eventually removed them. Turns out I forgot to remove our gym teacher oops) 

I went back In class thinking "I'm f*cked" because the characters in the drawing were both females and my parents are extreme homophobes- so I got an anxiety attack in class and began hyperventilating. 

Thankfully I was close with the teacher we had class with, so she took me out to explain the issue and then took me to talk to the principal again. 

We made a deal. He wanted me to tell my parents about it myself. He did call my dad and told him to wait something from me, so when he asked about it I narrowed down the story and said I drew two girls kissing but one was actually agender because that species of aliens don't have genders so haha yeah you know, it can't be gay now. He saw I was crying and told me to stop being dramatic :'D

Listen, I I've heard my parents talk about homosexuality before, I didn't want to deal with it :') 

I totally understood that the principal wanted to protect me. I agree minors shouldn't upload any kind of sexual content online since there might be adults who might be using it or try to get close to you using that content, but I was too focused on my other minor friends who were the ones who taught me about those things. I would a lot more appreciate if he just explained it to me himself, as he was really not clear about it. 

For once the rest of the class was really getting on my side, talking badly about the principal and pointing out how it's non of his business. 
It wouldn't be any of his business if we weren't CHILDREN thinking to be all grown up. 

But anyway, that's my story. 
Did you have any similar experiences like this?