I called my childhood best friend hot by t2_sfgl7lwk

Me, (16M) called my childhood best friend (17F) hot.

Story: One time, we were at the mall trying on outfits for her friend’s 1 week birthday party vacation thing. She was paying but I insisted that I would, she told me that she wouldn’t speak to me after the party if I paid. We were stuck like metal welded onto a surface. So obviously, I told her that she could pay. I’m a minimalist so I tried to find the most simple but stylish outfit so it wouldn’t hurt her wallet. Although, she went all out buying lots of stuff for her and me. We went into the changing room and started trying out the outfits we picked. We landed on 10 fits, I’m not gonna go full detail on mine but I’ll just tell one of her outfits for context. So, she had this blue, black, and white patterned top, flare pants, and some heels. I think it was for the party but I’m not exactly sure. So basically when I saw her in that outfit, instead of seeing her as a friend, I saw her as a girlfriend. She looked so stunning when she came out of the fitting room. I looked at her all day while she looked at me with confusion. While we were packing (we’re roommates), she asked me “Why were you looking at me weird that day when we were getting clothes?” I replied “Remember that tri-patterned top, those flare pants, and heels?” She replied, “Yeah, I do.” I replied, “Well, you looked so hot in that outfit.” She looked at me with a flustered face. She was asking me if I was trying to flatter her or if I meant it. I told her that I meant it, then she was pinching herself trying to see if it was a dream. On the day of the birthday party vacation trip thing, she kept on clinging onto me for the duration of the trip. On the day of the birthday party, her friends start questioning us if we were dating. I obviously said no, but she said yes. When we went to the Airbnb her friend booked, she shared a room, a bed, and even a bathroom with me! I never knew this meant so much to her.

Almost, nothing happened at the party. Just had a drink with old friends, her and her friends talking, etc. Once we went home and reached my apartment, she asked me if I could be her boyfriend. I replied with a loud yes because I actually liked her the first time I met her. We confessed our feelings and actually end up liking each other for lots of years but never built the courage to tell one another. I thought we were only gonna have a normal childhood best friend relationship, now we end up being lovers. Wow, fate has really put us in the right place.

Now, we’ve been dating for the past 5 months. Going strong, doing couple goals. Haha. I love her till I die, I can’t stop thinking about her everyday. Lastly, my parents are now bugging me to propose to her after college. Long way ahead of me and for her too. 

I bid farewell dear redditors, I will now live a happy life with my girlfriend.

PS: The peopel who don't believe this story, its true. We've been friends since birth so, yeah.