The time I accidentally ate my step dads edibles at 12 years old by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

So when I was in middle school, about when I was 12, I came home from school one day and went into the fridge and saw some big cookies in a baggie. My child like mind was so happy I took the whole bag and ate two in a half out of three of the cookies. They tasted funny but I just thought it was because they’ve been in the fridge for too long maybe. My step dad was a huge connect for everyone in the town, and had a lot of his shit just lying around. Anyways about an hour passes and I started to feel hot, so I took a cold shower. Then I started to feel dizzy, so I got out of the shower and put a towel over me and walked over to the mirror. I looked normal but I felt so...unusual. I started freaking out thinking I was going crazy so I called my mom into the bathroom and she was like wtf and brought in my step dad. He was like “what’s wrong?” And I responded “DHSJPZNWBWJDBD” and he was like wtf and actually started freaking out. My mom brought me my pajamas, and my step dad proceeded to ask me what did I do and I was like “nothing I just ate some cookies and went to my room” barely comprehending my words together. I was crying at this point. He finally understood what was happening and asked my mom to leave while he walked me to my room. For the next few hours I was just talking to myself and crying and laughing at the most stupidest of shit like the fucking wall. I had the worst cotton mouth ever, but my senses were fucking peaked. My step dad checked on me a little while later and realized I was still tripping and left my room again. I sobered up around the evening and crashed HARD. Woke up a few hours later dehydrated and had the hugest cravings and snuck into the kitchen and took all the snacks that I could find that was actually in its brand bag and not some plastic baggie.

So yeah, that’s the story of the first time I ate edibles. And to all maybe wondering what I did with the other half of the left over cookie, I threw it away. I was honestly a bit traumatized after that, but I’m better now.