He maliciously told my parents I am gay because he was mad I broke up with him by t2_mcchlv56

I (28 f) always called myself a bisexual since high school but was too scared to be with girls. I had one girlfriend and it went downhill so i stuck with guys and I think it was like a comphet situation (the theory that heterosexuality is assumed and enforced upon people by a patriarchal and heteronormative society) but my parents are super homophobic so i dated guys to make them happy and thats where the trauma starts.....

I dated a guy for two years and I never wanted to have \*\*\* with him but I loved him? Even though he didnt care about pleasing me sexually, I was okay with being with him because my family liked him and he was my good friend...I know it does not make sense, anyway fast forward two years and out of nowhere he gets jailed for child pornography...that alone was the most traumatizing thing I ever experienced in a relationship (if you are interested in that story let me know, I will post it in a comment below... it was..... traumatizing...)

Afterwards, I was depressed and dated some really bad people. A couple of months later, a childhood friend messaged me and we started talking and started dating and formed a relationship. The relationship was bad. We always fought to the point where I wanted to end myself because I could not take someone gaslighting me all the time and the feelings of my self worth with him was out the window. I tried to stick it out because my parents loved him and his parents loved me and I genuinely enjoyed being with his family, his family made me feel safe after the trauma I experienced with my ex.

However, I really could not take dating this man anymore. It was constant fighting, constant gaslighting me, if I had an opinion, he wouldnt take me seriously but he took his friends seriously. He treated his friends with more respect than he ever did with me.

One time he sexually assaulted me. He even got drunk at a wedding and threatened to punch me in the face because I told him I couldnt see what he was pointing to when he was trying to show me something. It was bad. Even sexually, he did not care about my pleasure. One day he gave me a vibrator and said **"here, maybe this will make you cum"** and then would proceed to get mad at me for using it as **it was the only way for me to have \*\*\* with him**. One time we went to have drinks with his friends and he said a very sexual comment about me that made me want to kms at that moment... i foolishly, saw these red flags and proceeded to live with him in hopes things would get better and he would change, unfortunately things didnt get better.

During this time I was friends with my now girlfriend. I knew I wanted to leave him after he threatened me on vacation in florida and so when I did and **when I gave him a list of reasons why I was leaving him, he proceeded to ignore that and accuse me of leaving him for my now girlfriend**.

I just want to get this straight, I have told him multiple times throughout our relationship our issues and how unhealthy things were. He would listen for 5 minutes and then not work on anything with me and then blame me for our problems. Emotionally and mentally, I was done.

However, during the breakup, he proceeded to tell everyone i was leaving him for a woman, he stalked me and my now girlfriend, he did not apologize or acknowledge anything he's done, **AND he contacted my parents to let them know I was gay and leaving him for a woman which put me in a dangerous situation because my parents tried finding me to physically assault me. (he knew that they would be abusive but did it anyway)**

He destroyed the relationship I had with my parents, he took my ability of coming out away from me, this trauma messed me up so much I had debilitating anxiety whenever I would get text messages because I felt like it was someone attacking me. I had to hide my address from my parents because they wanted to physically assault me. He gave my parents horrible depression and anxiety because of the way he told them that I was gay.....All because I hurt his little ego and dated a girl after him.

I never wished bad upon anyone. but this is a different case. Anyway, that is my story, if you have any questions, please feel free to ask. I needed to get this off my chest because this year has been ...alot.