Came across girl who called me pervert a few weeks ago( posted this and will link below) by t2_1h79m8c9

https://www.reddit.com/r/stories/comments/dt5xhh/got_called_a_pervert/?utm_medium=android_app&utm_source=share

If you read the past post you will understand a bit more.
Long story short a girl called me pervert at the store even though I didn't look at her much and she flipped me off.

On the weekend a person (ill call him the guy bc im not good with names) I knew from middle school invited me to a get together with some of them at his home which is not far, heck i even walked there. Mostly people I barely talked to but I agreed. I only saw stuff from them on social media, the usual when u don't talk alot with them. 
It was pretty chill, some drinks and really good food. He says his girlfriend is coming soon and with some of her friends. I wasn't saying much unless someone asked me something. I ask for the bathroom bc one of the ladies there dropped some drinks and it got me. I go in and clean myself up, almost wanting to leave bc it was getting late and I had to go visit family early the next day. 
I hear a familiar voice enter the home, i couldn't remember so i go out and behold!!

The girl who called me pervert is the guy's girlfriend. Now he pretty much said the most nicest things about her, describing her as the most perfect human being( i mean i don't judge but i wasn't expecting it to be her)
She's going around saying hi, giving hugs and all, she spots me and goes silent. The guy comes to me and introduces me to her. Im not a bad person so i say hi and do the hand shake . She looked pale and kinda uncomfortable. Making it clear before anything if u dont read my last post. I wasn't even looking at her that day, all i did was let her pass bc she almost hit me in the way in the store. 

Now. I didnt tell the guy anything. I go back and sit to finish my food and drink to go home. As im walking out i say bye to everyone and i hear a soft voice aproach me as i exit the fence towards fhe street. 
She asked me if i said anything or if i was mad. I said not really bc im not one to hold grudges for long. She kinda apologized saying she was having a bad day that day. I just say not to worry just to watch out what she says and does before doing it again. The guy comes and says if everything is fine and i say yes. Just that she wanted to know which high school i graduated from. She says bye and i walked home thinking what would of happen if i made a scene in the party.

Well here's the update on that, maybe ill come across her again as theres another party coming up and im invited already. We shall see 

Thanks for reading :)