"fuck your zero tolerance policy" or, how I met my best friend by t2_bmg34m4b

So, if you live in America there's a chance you've gone to a public school and encountered the rather counter productive zero tolerance policy.

Well, I was hanging out with my friend Danny (name changed for privacy) when we got on the topic of how we met, which, oh boy, is quite a ride so strap in.

Some backstory, my school has been around since world war two and been burnt down, twice. The old building has really poorly angled cameras with huge blindspots in the hallways (important later) where you could practically get away with anything. Freshman year I memorized these blindspots so I could sneak out without being seen if I didn't want to go to school but others often used them to get a quick hit off their vape or feel up there GF/BF (not a pleasant sight) but there were always those that used these blind spots to torment others.

Well, it was about halfway through the school year when I've got myself flattened against the wall to sneak by a camera when I hear something get slammed against the lockers just around the corner.

I stopped where I was and listened like the eavesdropping Little shit I'am and caught a pretty stupid conversation.

It went something like 

"Give me your bag or I'm going to take it"

"Dude, no, it's got my back brace in it"

"I don't care, hand it over"

I heard something hit the lockers again and peaked around the corner.

A larger guy I knew from the wrestling team had a scrawny sophomore I assumed was new pinned to the wall.

I watched as the bully tried to take the kid's backpack out of his hands, and when the kid didn't let go, punched him in the face and bounced the kids head off the locker as he pleaded with the bully to just let him get to class.

This only prompted a headbutt to the scrawny kids nose.

I saw blood and was acting before I was thinking as I turned the corner and sprinted full on at the bigger guy.

He turned just as I speared into him, tackling him to the ground where I immediately got an elbow to the face which I payed back with a headbutt.

It was quick and violent as we struck and grappled with each other on the ground until we were ripped apart by the school resource officer to break it up.

I had a bloody nose, a busted lip and my eye was starting to swell shut as all three of us were led to the office.

The bully had faired quite a bit worse, his nose was crooked and bleeding from when I headbutted him I assumed, one of his fingers was swollen and funky looking along with his wrist.

They plopped us down in the principals office and began the spiel of calling our parents about us fighting.

The scrawny guy (Danny) piped up and said 

"He was defending me jimmy (bully) was trying to take my backpack!"

The principal, to her credit said 

"Look, if it were my way I'd let all of you go right now but because of our zero tolerance policy, I'm going to have to suspend all three of you for fighting on school grounds"

I was quite a bit pissed as I was in pain and was about to get in trouble for doing what I believed to be the right thing so I spoke up.

"Look, ma'am, I mean this in the most respectful and nicest way I can... Fuck your zero tolerance policy, call my mother, call my father and tell them I'll be waiting outside"

After I said my piece I grabbed my backpack from the floor and marched out to the front of the school, soon followed by Danny as I plopped down on a bench to wait.

"Hey, thanks"

"For what? Getting you suspended and your parents called?"

"No, standing up for me, thank you for doing that."

I sort of dismissed him here like an ass saying

"Look, I didn't mean for any of that to happen, let's just-"

I remember how abruptly he cut me off saying

"I don't care, I'm new here, I don't have any friends and you're the first person to show me a little bit of compassion, so, thank you"

"You read alot don't you?"

"Yes"

"Sit down and wait here with me, I've got a few books you might like."

Our parents were less than pleased, not that we got into a fight, but that the school elected to punish the two of us while Jimmy got off pretty much with a slap on the wrist.


Me and Danny have been friends for four years now, The reason we were talking about how we met was, well kind of awesome.

A month out of highschool Danny was diagnosed with Hodgkin's limphoma, and after a year of aggressive treatment where we thought he wouldn't make it... I sat down with Danny in his own house to play some binding of Isaac and celebrate a month in remission.

Thanks for reading, I just wanted to share a little of my life with you all.