The time my brother mistook me for his girlfriend OR “Get your meatball hands off of me” by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

My three older brothers and I share a lot of the same traits. We’re tall, broad shouldered and like to spread out when we sleep.

While my parents were away on an anniversary trip, they sent me, the youngest, to stay with my 20 year old brother Ryan* and his girlfriend Maria*.  They lived in a tiny two bedroom condo built in the 70s. The floors squeaked with every step, rattling the glass in the rope style chandelier. There was no air conditioning because apparently mountain folks of yore were tough.

The secondary bedroom was tiny — barely deep enough for a twin size bed and not wide enough for two. This room also doubled as their storage room. So you can imagine the abundance of floor space. The “master” bedroom could fit their double bed, but not much else.

The biggest piece of furniture in the place was 2/3 of a sectional. It’s one of those big oversized couches with the cushions that flip back. Our parents gave it to Ryan, and I helped him haul it out of the basement family room at our family home.

When it was time to go to bed, I squeezed my 6’ plus self into the tiny guest room, carefully stepping over the free weights and boxes. I fell back on the bed and tried in vain to get comfortable.

I was lying awake for what seemed like hours in this hot, dark, windowless space when I heard the familiar squeaking noises. It was obvious something very exciting was happening next door. Grunts, bumps and slamming sounds were followed by sighs of relief. “Thank you, thank you, thank you,” Maria exclaimed. Ryan had successfully rigged a fan in their window to bring in the cool night air.

After the noises stopped and the fan’s whirrs disappeared into the background, I was still uncomfortably awake. With all the caution I had, I tiptoed out of bed on my way to the couch. With only inches left in this obstacle course, I tripped on a barbell and came tumbling down. I hit a wall, then fell on a box, and barely stumbled out alive.

After gathering myself, I slowly squeaked over to the remnants of my childhood couch. Just as I laid down, Maria popped out of their room and turned the chandelier’s dimmer very slightly.

“Are you okay out here,” she whispered. 

“Yes. I needed more space to spread out. Sorry for waking you.”

“It’s okay. You must sleep like Ryan. I was going to move out here, but I’ll take your bed. Good night.”

With that, she turned off the light and snuck past the chaos. My old trusty couch enveloped me as I bundled under a blanket and quickly fell asleep.

In the early morning hours sunlight beamed through the decorative stained glassed window above the door. I covered my face so it wouldn’t bother me. I could smell coffee brewing and heard Ryan’s heavy footprints not far behind me.

That’s when I felt a cushion flip over and land on my head. Then his large, strong hand pushed down on my side. 

“I’m sorry you had to move out here,” he said in an uncharacteristically soft voice. “I really want to give you a good morning kiss,” he said as he placed his other hand on my waist.

“Bro. Get your meatball hands off of me!”

“Oh my God!!!” He yelled as he jumped back, shaking the floors, the walls, the chandelier and that damned stained glass window.

Maria came bursting out of the room and died laughing. Apparently this was their daily ritual. An apologetic kiss after Maria moves to the couch.

Ryan and Maria eventually upgraded to a larger condo that’s at least a decade newer. But every time I visit, I have to make sure Ryan knows it’s _me_ sleeping on the couch.

*The names are made up. But don’t for a second believe the couch isn’t real.