The Strangest Job I Ever Had by t2_5eserbv6

As a teenager, I spent a summer as a “summer hire” employee in the “Department of Environmental Health” (DEH) at the US Army’s Miesau Ammunition Depot in southwestern Germany. 

DEH turned out to be code for “random shit that needs to be done around the base”. 

The other summer hire kids and I cleaned latrines, trimmed trees, loaded trucks with construction debris...and dealt with the failing, decrepit on-base petting zoo. 

Legend had it that the zoo had been started by a WWII refugee after the US commandeered the land that would eventually become the giant ammunition depot. The Army adopted the guy and the zoo, and it entertained locals and soldiers for decades. 

By the time I arrived on the scene in the early 90s, that refugee had died. His son had allowed the zoo to fall into disrepair. There were piles of feces everywhere, the structures inside were rotting, it smelled bad, etc.

The order came down from the depot commander: the zoo, and all of its goats, chickens, deer, and assorted other animals had to go. There weren’t more than 10-15 animals left. Soon, there would be zero. 

The sergeant in charge of our team, a tall, squarely built Italian from Providence, Rhode Island, got the order, handed us a bunch of random tools to use as weapons, and told us to get to work killing the remaining animals. He handed me a pair of long-handled bolt cutters. 

I want to say before I go further that I am not proud of what came next. I can only say that at the time, it was what we were paid to do, and to be honest, it seemed like a challenge. It also appealed to the lizard brain portion of my brain that knew I was being given permission — no, orders — to do something forbidden, something I would never ordinarily do or even conceive of doing. 

I walked into the zoo, grabbed the cutters by both handles, and started swinging them like a baseball bat. 

The chickens were easiest. They didn’t run or seem to comprehend what was happening. The other animals scattered, but we tracked them down. 

The three other teenaged teammates and I swung, and whacked, and hacked, and smashed, until all of the remaining creatures were dead. 

We piled the carcasses inside one of the structures that hadn’t fallen over yet. I could smell blood, and it made me a bit sick about what we’d done. 

Just then, I heard the belch of an engine approaching from behind us. I turned to see our crew boss, Sergeant Lombardi, at the controls of a giant,  Army green payloader. 

He drove up on us, and with little warning, lifted and then dropped the front end of the payloader on top of the structure. With a satisfying crunch, it flattened the structure on top of the pile of carcasses. 

He idled the payloader, hopped down, and handed me a large gas can with a long nozzle. Lombardi ordered me to douse the structure. 

As I poured gas over the remains of the wooden structure and its animals, Lombardi, without a word, struck a match and flicked it into the middle of the stream. 

I watched in horror as the match lit gas vapors, a cloud of gas flashed to life, and flames leaped toward the gas can, and by extension, my hand. 

Panicked, I threw the gas can into the pile of rubble and ran in the other direction. 

I made it several feet before I heard a loud WHOOSH! and a BOOM!!!, and was knocked off my feet. 

Laying on the ground, I checked myself for shrapnel, more than half-expecting to find metal or wood protruding from my body. 

Finding none, I dazedly twisted around and looked back at the pile. A giant cloud of flames and black smoke rose above it and the zoo. 

I looked at Lombardi. He looked at the cloud, looked at me, looked back at the cloud, then back at all of us.  His face was pale, almost ghostly. 

“Go,” he whispered in his Providence townie accent. “Don’t come back here till tomorrow. Don’t say anything to anybody. I’ll figure out a story.”

We, all of us teenaged boys, looked at each other, then tore ass out of there, ran for the front gate, and didn’t stop running until we were about 2 miles away. We spent the rest of the day holed up at the local schwimmbad (swimming complex), tucked away in a corner at the edge of a forest, in case we needed to disappear into the woods. When we eventually split up, I went home , saying nothing about my day. 

We skulked back onto base the next day, half-expecting to be accosted as soon as we stepped through the gate. Instead, we met up with another sergeant at our usual starting spot. 

Lombardi was noticeably absent from crew leadership for about a week. Then he reappeared, tight lipped, and said little for the remainder of the summer. I can only guess he got a severe asschewing from the depot commander.

To this day, I have never had a stranger job.