My girlfriend’s “past boyfriend” haunts our relationship. by t2_hv1qcbkc

*Not true story*

My girlfriend Sarah (28f) and I (30m) started dating 3 years ago. She is gorgeous, kind and intelligent and I am pretty much in love with her. I’ve had other girlfriends before her and none of them made me feel like she does. Our relationship is perfect except for one little thing that really messes with me. Sarah’s last boyfriend before me (let’s call him Denis) died of cancer. They met when they were very young and they had always had this “going out and dating” thing, even when they were children, but things really got serious when they turned 19 and 20. Soon after, Denis was diagnosed with bone cancer and after two years of continuously fighting, he died. This caused Sarah a stage of depression as she loved him very much. It took her 2 years to start dating again, and that’s when she found me. When we first started hanging out she would always talk about him, but I didn’t say anything because I understood how every little thing reminded her of him. But time went by and she didn’t stop talking about him. She always talks about how great their relationship was and all the things they did together and planned to do. It’s gotten to a point where it annoys and hurts me. I understand she’s grieving but it’s been 5 years and I don’t want to ask her to move on but it hurts when the girl you’re in love with never stops talking about a past relationship. She doesn’t even let anyone call Denis his ex, she says he is her “past boyfriend”. She also doesn’t want to marry me, we’ve talked about it but she says that the only person she could ever imagine marrying was Denis. I’ve seen videos of them that they used to post on social media and I can’t help but noticing how she looks at him. She’s never looked at me that way. I know she loves me, but I don’t think she’s in love. Maybe she just stayed because she felt like she was never going to find something like what she had with Denis. Not hate to the guy though, he seemed like a very good lad. If I’m being honest, I think we both know deep in our hearts that Denis and Sarah were soulmates, not us. It’s just sad because I get to see how the person I am in love with, who believed to be my soulmate and who I would marry in a heartbeat keeps mourning everyday the loss of her dead boyfriend, which happened 5 years ago. Should I comfort her and just accept this as part of our relationship or should I try to let her go and find someone who I know is in love with me?