A short piece I wrote. Maybe a little NSFW, but it's not graphic or titillating. Honest feedback appreciated. by t2_64lg83v9

Untitled

By Rachel Wellings

The worst part of sex is that the other person gets to point at you and say “I had sex with you”.

The best part is the feeling.

I lost my virginity at 17 to Tommy Bowden. Tommy Bowden was a linemen on the football team with a very small penis. But that didn’t matter. Because Tommy could point at me and say, “I had sex with you”.

And he was right. He had sex with me. And worse, he was the only one who had had sex with me. He got to nudge his friends and say, “You see her? I’m the only one who’s had sex with her. “

That didn’t last long however. I made sure of that. I fucked Tommy’s friends. Because that’ll show him. If his value came from having sex with me, and I devalued having sex with me, then I devalued him. Because fuck Tommy. And fuck his friends.

And it worked. Tommy could no longer brag to his friends that he had achieved some lofty goal. He couldn’t point at me and be proud. No he wasn’t special. Everyone fucked me, who cares if you were first.

I walked past Tommy and his friends in the cafeteria one day. Tommy smiled and waved. Then he nudged his friend. Who smiled and waved.

Fuck.

Why were they smiling? I wasn’t a trophy. I was worthless. Don’t smile, you don’t have a piece of me. I’ve fucked everyone. I took your value and made it worthless. Except Tommy and all of his friends could point at me and say, “I had sex with you”. Because I was worthless. And they were why.

But sex is meaningless so who fucking cares. There’s no emotional value to it. I was hormonal and wanted to fuck. That’s it.

I didn’t fuck you because you were special. I didn’t give power over me. I didn’t trust you. I fucked you for the same every 17 year old girl fucks on prom night. Because I was horny and I looked hot in my dress. Because if I didn’t fuck anybody in high school I was going to college a virgin and if I went to college a virgin I wouldn’t be good at sex and then that really cute guy who I’m going to meet in my English class wouldn’t want to fuck me because I’m a virgin and that’s too much for him because he’s 18 and just wants something fun and sweet not the crazy emotional baggage that comes with taking someone’s virginity.

So I fucked Tommy. And I fucked his friends. And they look at me and smile.

So I’m a lesbian. I fucked Paige. I don’t know if it’s still called fucking when it’s with two girls but we ate each other out. And we held hands in the cafeteria as we walked past Tommy and his friends. And I told Tommy. “Sorry, I’m a lesbian. I had to figure somethings out but I just wasn’t attracted to you.” I look at his friends. “And I tried to force it. And I tried to fake it. But I don’t like guys. I like girls.”

I overheard Tommy and his friends talking about me in the library later. “Crazy bitch”. “She’s just crazy. You know, one of those manic girls who just does whatever the fuck her hormones tell her.” “Yeah. One of those.”

Finally. They were rationalizing it. Their egos were hurt. And if I was just a crazy bitch, why would they care? Crazy bitches are just crazy bitches.. You see them on TV, in magazines. everywhere. Nobody blinks an eye. What happened with you and Rachel? Oh she was crazy. Everyone gets that. Women are just crazy sometimes. I was rationalized out of their life. They had to lie to themselves so sleep at night without acknowledging that I had won. I had the power.

Paige walked past Tommy in the cafeteria. She smiled at him.

Fuck.