My FIL with Alzheimer’s thought my MIL had died during quarantine. by t2_bgo0e

From my MIL-
One of my many fears was that my husband, who has Alzheimer's and lives in a memory care unit not far from me, would forget me completely. He has been on lock down since March 10 and I have continued to live in our condo alone in quarantine. We are both in our late 70's and married 54 years.
I started my day with your meditation, some simple journaling, and repeating my mantra, "Please heal my fear based thoughts........" This afternoon the phone rang, and it was the assisted living facility calling to tell me that he had fallen. They said he hurt his knees and to be sure he was ok, they were sending him to the hospital.
After questioning them about the incident, I asked if anyone was allowed to visit him in the hospital. Yes, one visitor only. I got in the car, drove there and had to wait for quite a while to enter the area where he was being held in a bed. Now, the dreaded moment.
I walked up to him, he stared at me, and we both began to cry. He called my name. He said he thought I had passed away. I told him I was here now and that was all that mattered. We expressed our love for each other and we were truly glad to be in that moment. We chatted (some of his words are now unintelligible, but we managed.)
The nurse said his knees were fine and he was ready to go home. She had called the ambulance. I said, my car is right outside. May I drive him? She cancelled the ambulance. On the way, we passed a McDonald's. I said, hey, how would you like to have a hamburger and a chocolate shake. His eyes lit up. We sat in the car while he ate and I did a FaceTime with our 2 boys. He doesn't remember them but they got to see him and were so glad we had stolen a moment of "normal" times.
I delivered him back to the facility, and they came to the car to bring him back inside. So, now I feel so lucky that he fell and this miracle occurred. Had it not been for this incident, I would not have had this treasured few moments with him.They have not even given us a date as to when the lock down will be over and we can visit.
I feel very lucky today that this has happened. I am grinning from ear to ear......