I'm Friends with an Actual Psycho by t2_3shpav2z

Oh, hey, it's me again. You know, the kid whose entire life seems like a dumpster fire? I'm back at it again with stories from one of my friends. Who is a psychopath. I don't just mean they're crazy or whatever, I mean like an actual psychopath. Like, psychiatrist diagnosed I guess you could say. He's literally a psycho. Why am I friends with him? He seemed really nice and charming, like literally every psychopath out there. Later, I found out that wasn't true. I mean, being friends with him meant he never manipulated or took advantage of me. That and I will admit, I have some psychopathic personality traits that helped me see when he was trying, so he kind of respected me for that. 

Either way, this kid is kind of messed up. He thinks its fun to watch life-long friend ships unravel. He did it a few months ago. There were these two girls who'd been friends since they were toddlers. They did everything together. As you know, psychopaths are really good at imitating emotions. So he started acting all friendly with one of the girls. Trying to become her friend but without the other one really noticing. And he was terrifyingly good at it. He figured out some of the things that girl hated about the other, which was inevitable. Then he befriended the other one and found the same thing out from her. Then he told them that the other thought about them. He did it in a way that instead of realizing he was spreading things about them and seeing it was his fault, they started spreading things about each other. It's like they started the fire, he just bought the matches. 

What really scares me is how good he is a pretending to show emotion. We went to a sleepover on time, and all the other kids were upstairs. We were sleeping in the basement, because it was huge and they set up tents and mattresses with fairy lights everywhere. When it was just me and him, there was no emotion. He just deadpanned everything he said, with this dead look in his eye. And as soon as one of the parents came down to check on us, he switched so fast it terrified me. I was like , "How the heck did you just switch that fast?!" and he went back to is usual emotionless self and shrugged.

Yeah, just wanted to share that. The dude's insane. He likes starting fight between people and then watching them tear each other apart. Hopefully, me being friends with him he leaves my friend group alone.