The saddest boy I had ever met by t2_ehys7be6

I go to a British private school. We are all privileged and dont know it and most of us are cunts, I will admit that. But the other week a boy who everyone made fun of left the school, I decided to talk to him about why he was leaving and he told me. For the past two and a half year he was ridiculed and Bullied and thought it was normal (and no this isn't just another bullying story) he was physically hit and verbally assaulted, considering it is meant to be one of the best schools in the country I wanted to know how that happened. One day he came in he was told to close his eyes and the boys put a hockey stick between his legs and hit him so hard in his balls he threw up for an hour. Then he told me that all he wanted was a friend, to be involved In everything but they bullied  him because he was an easy target.
     This is where it gets fucked up, he told our house master about the situation and he was told it was being dealt with. But the boy who hit him with the hockey stick happen to be black, scince this is a British private school there isn't a lot of racial diversity so they couldn't kick him out so they gave him a one day suspension. It got worse. Way worse. The boy who had been suspended was pissed so be tied him down and forced him to drink half a bottle of shampoo then sprayed deodorant in his eyes. 
   He told me stories just like this, and how he was being assaulted and abused and no one cared, he would tell people, the shool, his parents, his peers, no one cared. Our school needed racial diversity so bad it was willing to overlook the wellbeing of a defenceless boy. He decided he had to leave,  his housemaster wrote a letter to his new school it said that he caused all of the problems and that he was racist and an instigator and it was not the balck pupils fault at all. 
A while later I found out that the boy who was bullied had finally made friend at his new school, until his old bullies convinced everyone he was a racist and deserved bullying. It carried on. 

He killed himself,
 he just wanted a friend, 
He just wanted to fit in.

I can't understand why teenage boys create and environment like this. They eat each other alive and for what. I won't let this happen to me.