I Gave My Wife A Black Eye by t2_5s77if22

Alright firstly I’m not abusive, my wife tells this story too and she finds it hilarious.

Okay so we we decided to throw a party for us and our friends one Saturday night. We’re like college aged so it’s something we do occasionally. This night, however, I had friends who i know I wouldn’t have to play babysitter so I let loose a little bit. Maybe I did drink a little more than I had to but I didn’t get blackout drunk.

So we’re all having a good time and everyone is pretty much a good deal in. My best friend from across the first floor yells my name and pulls out a bag of smart food popcorn, knowing that’s one of my favorite snacks. Now my first floor is a quite large open area at least three rooms large. I was on one side and he was on the other. Seeing the snack I was pretty excited and in my inebriated state I start charging over there full speed to get me some of that. 

Cue my wife. 

At this point she decides that she wants to get me into bed and that the night for us down there to end and our night in the bedroom to begin. So being my ever so smart and intoxicated wife, she decided the best course of action to appear right in front of me taking me by surprise. I only heard her say “No its bed ti-“ before I hit her like truck. She was sent sprawling to the floor, luckily not actually hurt.

Of course me in my state immediately started shaking her screaming she’s alright. I didn’t notice at the time she was laughing her butt off. My friends laughed at the whole thing seeing she wasn’t hurt and started dragging me off by legs. Seeing me being dragged off by legs trying to crawl back to my wife yelling stuff like “baby no!” Is just something you have to be there to appreciate.

All in all it wasn’t a very eventful night after that. They shut me up with the popcorn and I went to bed with my wife. Tomorrow she did wake up with a black eye and I barely even remembered doing it. Again she laughed it off. It gets even better because the next month I did it again in a somewhat same way but that’s another story.

Thanks for reading thought I’d share!