I travelled a for a date just to go through PTSD by t2_34k5roa3

I (21 M) travelled 3 hours to meet this girl (18 F), let’s called her N. We had planned to meet up after a lot of getting to know each other beforehand, we had similar interests, humour and overall just clicked well.

Going forward a couple months I was on the train and going to see her, the first day was great. We had a laugh and kissed but nothing sexual happened as she told me she wasn’t ready straight away (we agreed to book a hotel together for convenience)
I was okay with this, it doesn’t bother me that someone wants to wait, as a matter of fact I respect it because it shows their honesty which is something I look for in a person.

The next day was a lot more active, bowling, mini golf and eventually clubbing. She brought one of her friends down as she felt it would be much safer in a bigger group as it was her first time clubbing. I agreed with this so we went on the night with her friend, her friend was lovely and we did our best to not make her feel like a third wheel, more of her friends showed up throughout the night (some guys which again I have no issue with) but something wasn’t right, she got too drunk and was very flirty with the first friend (she’s bisexual). I thought not too much of it until I saw them kissing. Now I’m not a pushover but I’m not a complete asshole who gets aggressive so I just decided this would be my cue to walk away for a while and come back. 

Returning back N was even more drunk and I decided I’d check up on her and talk to her, she acted like I didn’t exist. Walked off and I followed because she was not in a state to go around in a club by herself where spiking is a massive issue. 

She walked up to a group of girls and tells them I’m a random dude following her, next thing I know these group of girls came over to me and told me I need to stop following her. I explain the situation and one of them understands but it’s too loud and busy for me to get my point across clearly.

Some backstory here, around a year ago I was falsely accused of sexual assault and it deeply affected me to the point where I couldn’t go out anymore. I just wanted to stay in my room where I’d wake up in the middle of the night having panic attacks from nightmares of my family disowning me and having no future. It eventually got better but it still is a sore subject.

Back to present day, hearing this just triggered something inside of me. I was distraught and panicked. Thinking history was repeating itself. I just went to the bathroom and cried, cried for an hour at best. The worst part was N knew about this trauma.

Eventually I just gave up with N for the rest of the night and went back to her friends who we’re decent people. They looked after me and tried cheering me up. One of the girls who were part of the group in which 
N told about the following decided to dance with me to make me feel better. 

The rest of the night went on better up until closing time. I walked out of the club and waited to see if N was at least okay before I left. To my upmost surprise I see her walk out the club with another man. 

I decide enough is enough and confront her. She is so drunk she can’t even construct a coherent sentence but the gist of it is “UR JUST UHH FUCK OFF” and she pushes me.
Me being in a drunken and emotional state has decided I’m done, I walk off barely holding it together and just let it all out. I’ve been fucked over too many times in the past just to hold it in. I needed to talk to someone, the same group of girls from earlier saw me and remembered me. Their friend that I was dancing with had updated them and they all apologised to me consoling me making sure I was okay. All of them were absolutely livid at N for exploiting what a lot of women actually go through at night clubs with asshole guys.

N walks off with this guy and I decide to go back to the hotel, the next day I wake up with her being completely sorry but it was her excuse because she couldn’t face telling me she wasn’t into me. Apparently she finds it easier to play with a person’s emotions rather than making a clean break because it makes her uncomfortable. I get an early train home, and that’s that. I block her off everything and look forward to going back to uni. Thank you for reading.