My Elementary School Probably Gave Me PTSD by t2_3feb9z78

First off i am a german almost teenager,sorry for my spelling!

I´m just going to roughly list every trauma:in first grade,I would run away from school,i tried my best in art but i did not have enough "Fantasy" in  my drawing got an F ,sport tried my hardest (i am overweight and have high blood pressure so i get dizzy from to much sport) got an F so i hated sport and art (mostly because the teachers were asses) Second grade suddenly my whole class hated  me and i got told off from running away so much that i started punching other kids.Third grade (this is where it gets spicy) a forth grader chased me around saying bad stuff to me .next day he wanted to apologize but i ran away from him,tripped and flew against an iron pole´s edge AND CRACKED MY HEAD OPEN!( I still have the scar on my forehead) punching kids got worse and the principal wanted me in one of those cells made of foam or gummy luckily my one single nice teacher defended me from that also i got depression and my in school helper whom i told not to say anything to the other teachers told EVERYTHING to  the other teachers Cool now i have trust problems. Forth grade a really buff guy beat me up every single day and no one did anything about it.

&amp;#x200B;

this is all that happened AT SCHOOL but at home my parents got divorced and he was allowed to take us to his home on weekends I refused one time because i did not want to go to his house BUT HE FORCED ME ANYWAY so next time i did not want to go i ran to the attic and my dad followed me (my mom got a restraining order so it was illegal for him to come inside our house) my mom then threatened my dad that she would call the cops my dad then broke the phone she was holding AND SLIT HER WRIST then he quickly got away without me we called the cops and my mom was fine luckily. 

i\`m quite traumatised by this, also and got insecure. my only funtime was playing wii with my siblings and watching youtube so all the traumas in 1 or 3 words:Divorce,No trust,scared of being social,scarred from school,anger issues(now turned into crying uncontrollably) 

i keep having flashbacks everytime i get driven by my school or randomly,i have dreams about it,just talking about it gets me triggered(not in the tumblr way), it gets in front of making normal interactions with family or friends because i don´t trust anyone.

about the "triggered" thing i just get really depressed and cry for hours then the next day i have a terrible headache and basically if i move i get instant pain.

now a quick q and a

Why do you suck at making storys?  this is my first story i dont know any format 

What school was this at?  Hagenbergschule,göttingen (just google it they have website you can call them DONT pls)

Why do you say probably ptsd not just gave you ptsd? i dont quite know if i have it but i will update you if when i next see my therapist (ive been going to him for about half a year and appointments are not regularly)

Thats it i dont have anything else to say except dont send your kids to this school and goodbye