That time I was almost kidnapped. by t2_38olylef

When I was about 8, my family moved to a new house. I started attending a new school, which happened to be RIGHT behind my house. You could literally see the school through the sliding back doors in our kitchen. our fence was completely see-through. It was about 2 minutes from my front door to the schools entrance, and 1 minute if we hopped the fence haha. I have an older brother who at the time was 11. Him and I didn't get along back then and often fought. However, he was given a pretty big rule when it came to me which was that he always had to walk me to and from school. My family was the paranoid type and during this time the news covered kidnapping stories at an alarmingly high rate. That said, my brother was deemed my protector by my parents and was often burdened with the task of watching over me.

I lived with my parents and grandparents. My parents went to work during the day so my grandparents would look after us. Since we lived so close to the school, my brother and I would come home for lunch. One day, my brother and I began our short walk home. My brother decided we should race (ofc - what a jerky big brother thing to do) and he literally left me in his dust. He rounded the corner to our house and I knew I had lost. I decided to just walk since I was right behind the house. 

As I turned the corner I saw a tall man standing several feet away from me at the corner of the intersection that my house sits on. The man was wearing a black trenchcoat, black gloves, black dress shoes, a black hat and black sunglasses. This was already odd, because it was May and I remember it being pretty hot outside. He was well over 6ft and had a very muscular build. He appeared to be bald under the hat. Right behind him was a black car, parked much too far from the curb. Several steps away from him sat the local crossing guard who monitored the intersection during lunch. As soon as I registered this man, my stomach dropped. He was staring me down. I just thought to myself, it's fine. Just walk by quickly. But as I started to walk by, the man stepped in front of me. He looked down at me. I couldn't see his eyes through his black sunglasses but I could FEEL HIS GAZE. He opened his mouth. "Hey sweetie. You lost?" He said, in a deep, bellowing voice. "No." I murmured. I was frozen. My eyes quickly scanned around him for my brother but I realized he had already gone inside. The man stepped closer, "you looking for your brother? He's gone already. I think he left you." I stared up at the man in shock. He knew my brother was supposed to be with me. My stomach sank even lower. I started to breathe heavily. The man took a step closer, this time reaching his hand towards my shoulder. "Hey hey, no need to panic. I can help you find him. I saw him go this way!" The man pointed behind me, in the direction I just came from. I took a step back and said nothing. "C'mon! I swear I saw him go this way. I'll help you look!" He began to close the distance between us once again. Suddenly, the crossing guard yelled at me, "Hey Lexi! C'mon over here! You're parents are waiting for you!" The man turned to look at the woman. Without even a second thought, I ran over to her. She held my hand and whispered, "don't worry. I'll walk you to your door." She guided me several feet away, right to my door. My grandma opened the door and began yelling at me for being late. As soon as I ran inside I told her everything. I started crying right away and my grandma went back to the front to see if she could see the man but he wasn't there. She came back to the kitchen and handed me some food. She told me not to worry and yelled at my brother for not walking me. As I sat and ate my food, I looked out our sliding doors to the backyard and through the fence and to my horror the man appeared once again. This time, he was squared off, completely facing our kitchen. He was watching me. I yelled, "grandma! That's him! That's the man!" My grandma walked over to the window and as soon as she appeared, the man turned and walked away. My grandma stared him down until he had gotten into his car and left. We never saw him again.

Major thanks to the crossing guard that day. After that I always walked home with someone or got a ride to a friend's house for lunch. That was a terrifying experience and it scares me to think about what could have happened.