My experience with my local police cadet youth program [NSFW] by t2_fnq14

Yesterday i learned that Kyle Rittenhouse was actively engaged in a police Cadet youth program. I wanted to share what my experience was like in what i assume is a similar program.

When i was in high school i was in JROTC because i wanted to join the Air Force when i graduated (i regrettably didn't). I was always a yes guy ready to do whatever was asked of me so i did a ton of volunteering. The ROTC officers at my school had a good relationship with patrol officer at our school and since i was an up-and-coming young standout my teachers suggested i go to some of the police youth cadet programs and did a killer (no pun intend) job of selling it. Told me they go shooting sometimes, will let me practice driving with them when i get a permit, do some volunteer work and have a general sense of community. Wow sounds right up my alley sure I'll go i did lots of things at their request i had a lot of respect for my ROTC instructors.

I think i was 15 because i know i wasn't driving yet, my first meeting was a random weekday night at the police training building off the highway in my small rural town. Basically started like any other youth event, new people "my name is" and "I'm here because." Lots of people said they wanted to be a police officer but my response was just "i was recommended to this so I'm here checking things out trying it" i think there were maybe a dozen other people there.

The evening continues with the police officer talking to us about what an average day is like an said he was going to show us a videos. He Goes on to tell us mundane things about putting his uniform on and his belt and had displays for people to try one at a time to show how heavy they are. Talked about checking his gun and squad car we walked outside to see his car. Then he goes on to radio code none of which I remember but he started talking about protocol of making an arrest. 

First video, he showed us an officer walking up to a car on a "routine traffic stop" then the officer is shot and the car drives off. Spiel confines to "you have to be scared of every person you approach as an officer" He showed a room of teenagers a man killed to hammer home fear. Teenagers we were children watching someone die. 

2nd video, a man in a interrogation room. Spiel goes on to describe how this man came to the police station to give himself up for murder. He's placed in a room and the officer leaves the room. This camera angle was a close up on the guys face. He sits there for a minutes and starts crying. Video is paused. He asked the room why we think he's crying. All answers point to well he knows he's going to prison he's guilty so he sad his life is basically over. The spiel turns to the importance of checking anyone who is detained for weapons. A close up video of the mans face shows him pulling out a gun and shooting himself in the head. The most graphic imagery I had ever seen. His skull cracked like an egg with blood and brain pouring out.

Needless to say that evening traumatized me and somewhat desensitized me to these subjects. I never went back.