Bully fight that ended with him in tears and me confused. by t2_3ec882b8

So I was in middle school when this happened. I didn’t understand why I was being bullied. Honestly I had never met the kid and the fact he was bullying anyone at all was insane. (He was a slightly taller dwarf) nonetheless we were in class and it began simply enough he would shove my books onto the floor or pull my bag off me when I was waking down the hall which I didn’t care much about. I mean annoying yes but my folks always told me to never hit first. So one day ironically enough we were watching some gang movie that was supposed to teach us that fighting was never the answer to anything. Literally at the fight scene (which I was looking extremely forward to) he comes up behind me and punches me in the back of the head. I told him to back off and he just laughed. Again he snuck up behind me and punched me. I told him he had one last chance to which he responded to by slapping me. I punched him in the nose then threw a wild punch to the side of his face and ended it by chock slamming him into the floor. Immediately the teacher ran up and pulled us both out of the classroom. A few minutes later 2 school officials came to take us to the principals office. We both sat next to each other in her office where she had us explain what happened which only I got to tell my side. When I told her about him bullying me she immediately ripped into the bully just unbelievably yelling at him and berating him. He burst into tears and she just turned to me with a big warm smile and said “you’re not in any trouble sweetie you can go back to class” then proceeds to yell and him. Later I find out he was suspended for the week. I spent most of my middle school experience trying to figure out what had happened that day. Towards our last few weeks of my being in middle school I found out that the reason she was so angry was because her nephew was bullied and he had killed himself months before we ended up in her office. I felt really bad for her after that it was really sad to find that out. I’m pretty sure she was replaced because of the way she handled bully complaints/fights (she would punish bullies without prejudice) but honestly after she left I shit you not suicide rates spiked and fighting incidents went through the roof. When I was in high school looking at the freshmen coming it was crazy! Once I hit my senior year I found out a cop got stabbed in the middle of one of our fights and someone got knocked out with a stool in the cafeteria. It was an absolute mad house! It’s crazy to think how once person kept so much in check. I’ll miss her. I’ve forgotten her name but I do know she was Puerto Rican and she was the toughest yet kindest lady I’ve ever met.