The one who walked away by t2_7zig5

I'm an old man now, but I remember her. Our meeting was passing, serendipitous, strange even. I was in my early 20's and she looked about 12. I remember our conversation like it was yesterday. We were standing in church after the morning service, two strangers side by side.

"Hello, how are you?", I asked.

"Fine", she said, and walked away.

That was it. No more. From that though, came a lifetime.

Later that evening, during the night service, she walked up to me, handed me a paper bag, and walked off. Inside the bag was an stuffed animal, from a popular comic strip.

I never saw her again.

\*\*\*

Years passed, as they do. I kept the stuffed animal. Following the usual path, I finished college, got a job, met and married Lisa, and had a family. Through it all the stuffed animal stayed on the bookcase, except when the children were playing with it.

As the decades rolled, the animal got more threadbare, showing stuffing here and there. Lisa wanted to throw it away but I wouldn't let her.

"Why do you keep that old toy?", she'd ask. "It's dirty and falling apart. Get rid of it."

"No", I always said. "It brings back memories."

"What memories? It's just a stuffed animal."

I never told her the real reason. Oh, I loved Lisa with all my heart, and our children more than life itself, but that unnamed girl remained in my thoughts, a wonder, unknown.

\*\*\*

We had our ups and downs, Lisa and I, but remained as much in love as the day we married. More even. But after 52 years together, she passed. I'm an old man, as I said; without her, it was hard to maintain the house. With my children's help, I moved into a smaller place, then years later, to an assisted living home. I kept the stuffed animal, almost rags now, on my headboard.

The home was alright, the staff cared. Getting around on a cane, I met the other residents and made new friends. People did come and go, as you might expect; taking that final walk into the good night. It was after one such journey, an old widower I'd become friendly with, that I found her again. He'd left me a box of his and his wife's stuff, junk really, but still nice.

The box held a stuffed animal, the same kind. And a note in his wife's handwriting, "church service when I was 12, I met the man I'll love forever."

I held that note and cried. For all my life, to her, I was the one who walked away.