my grandma broke into a convent by accident by t2_569on78a

for legal reasons this is purely a joke. but ok so a few days ago me and my grandma went on a road trip through the countryside. she’s from the city so naturally she is very interested and amazed by this country/rural type of environment because it is out of the ordinary to her. i showed her lots of cool sights, and we would pull over whenever she saw something interesting so that she could take a photo. well, we drove past a sign for an abbey and she was very curious so we pulled right up to the place. now, this place was basically a building full of rooms where the nuns stayed with a nice church inside too. we came across a sign as we were driving up to the place that said they were selling some chocolates and goodies outside the church. however, due to covid, this was no longer a thing for the current moment at least. the gift shop was also closed and there was nobody else at this place except for the nuns. now this is where it gets weird. she insists that she go take a look around and find the candy and i tell her that she should knock before she enters any of the buildings and wait for someone to let her in. i told her that we can just come back another day, but nope, i turn my head for one second and boom, next thing i know she is walking towards the building. i decide i will just wait and be quiet instead of trying to get her to come back because i don’t want to draw too much attention to us. by now, she is almost to the front door. well of course she stops and looks at the pretty flowers by the front so i am relieved for a second, but then she reaches for the door handle and she vanishes INTO THE BUILDING. by now im kinda scared that we are going to get in trouble so i try to call her but her phone is still in the car with me. then when i think it can’t get any worse the loud church bells turn on. so i’m just sitting in the parking lot of this place hoping that she comes out and we can just go and pretend this never happened. a nun walks by and i try to stay calm, well im basically having a panic attack at this point. a few minutes later she emerges from the building with a brick of fudge in her hand. i ask her how she managed to get it and she said "oh, inside down the hall (mind you this is where the nuns live) there was a table with a bunch of candy and fudge on it so i just took it and put some money on the table". i mean at least she paid for the candy. however, i love my grandma and this is what makes her unique and amazing. we are going on another road trip on wednesday.