A life altering event of mine. by t2_4jdglli8

When I was 4 years old i woke up to my mom asking me what i wanted for breakfast. I got up and followed her down the hallway. She was walking a little funny. I saw my two sisters (1 and 2 years old.) Playing on the floor of the living room. My mom turned when she got to the kitchen and tried to ask again what I wanted for breakfast but there was something very off about her tone. Like she was kind of pushing out more air than she needed to with each word. Then she fell backward into a crab walk with her on all 4s with her torso facing upwards and kind of took a few steps that way. Shortly after she made it back to her feet before asking me to go get help and then falling halfway on my one year old sister 

I froze for about 30 seconds before bolting out the front door and across the acre to my grandparents house I came in and said frantically, " where is pappaw?". They pointed me in the direction of the stairs and said he was taking a bath. I ran to the stairs and screamed "Pappas help! Mom is dying!". I guess at that moment my 4 year old self was truly aware of just how bad the situation was. My grandfather ran down the stairs with a towel wrapped around his waist straight to my house. And I followed but I wasnt as fast as him. When I got there my mom was laying dead in the hallway right next to the front door. My grandfather pushed me out of the house bc he didnt think I needed to see that and he started doing CPR until the ambulance and fire department got there. From then on it gets fuzzy until my dad gets home ambulance and fire department still there. My dad got home and started asking questions about who was there the night before. I could tell he ways very upset and the next thing I remember is him crying in the front yard telling us, his three children under the age of five that their mom has died and is not coming back. 

Since then I've taken death pretty well although I used to have dreams that I could have left the house to get help sooner if only by 30 seconds and maybe she would still be here. I understand now as a 20 year old adult that it's simply not the case. What happened, happened. Thanks for reading.