I blackmailed a robber to get me stuff by t2_5ieflpvp

I was 13 when this happend. So legit i was in a shopping center and i was minding my own business. My friends went off to do whatever and i was just browsing at things. All of a sudden this dude with a leather jacket and a goatee moves VERY suddenly at items at a shelf. I didnt take notice until i realises he had a kinda satchel/man purse. Now at first i was like " Maybe hes just putting it into his bag to hold to go to the till and buy, dont jump to conclusions "  And he just waltz out there and im like "Wtaf whys there no alarm or whatever " 

So i follow him into a book shop. And I see him stuff like 3 books in his bag and inner leather jacket pocket. And this moment, this very moment he sees me and thinks he is fu**ed. He comes over to me and says " Dont you say a fu**ing word "  Now me having this never happend i hadnt a clue wtf to do,say or react. 

And thats when it hit me. I had so.much.LEVERAGE. I could do what i want. So i say"  You are gonna get me anything I want, or else i'll sing like johnny cash " and still to this day   i cant beleive i said that.

Bare in mind we are still in a book store. So picked the popular,expensive ones that I could read and resell. There were some kind of DIY sets of war and stuff and school supplies. So in total this is around what I got.

2 or 3 books. 2 sets ( this mf sets were pretty expensive ) a school bag and some comics.

We exited the shop and alarms went off in this one. So a fella comes over and looks at the stuff we BOUGHT and the receipt. He says yeh headaway probably just a fault. We exit and it goes off and ur man just waves us off coz he thinks the sensors are gone loopy.

Now we start walking and im just looking at the stuff i have and like in my head im just "omfg i cant beleive this happened" and when I turn around to the robber he was gone. Not vanished out of thin air. I turned around and i saw his leather jacket a** walking away fron the direction i was heading. I didnt go after him because there was no point so i went after my friends. Lookee into more shops and went home.

Now how tf did i play this off? 

To my family and friends ( who I really wish arent reading this ) i just said there was a competition and I won. And it was that easy. I sold the schoolbag and the DIY sets. But i kept the rest.

And thats it. Thats how i blackmailed a robber. I will never forget that. Ever