How my grandmother dodges death like it's nothing in WWII by t2_a8amrkc6

My great grandma just escaped from an abusive father at a young age, and was roaming the jungles of the Philippines. In the night, while she was sleeping, she was captured by a battalion of Japanese soldiers. For a month, everyday was hell. She was forced to clean and cook for them. Sometimes, she got hit by the butts of their rifles, and was once raped by them. 

After having enough, she devised a plan. In the morning, the day started with her picking ingredients for supper. *Sinigang*, with a side dish of poison. She waited, and waited, and waited in her prison. Finally, night came and then served the soup. Her captors grew unusually and quickly tired, and slept on the ground. Then, my badass grandmother slit their throats.

&#x200B;

She packed up, with gold and treasures and ran north. There were mountains that Filipino guerrillas often used for sniping Japanese. Hence, they avoided that area. As soon as she came to the foot of the mountain, two Filipinos came to her aid. For 4 months, she spent her time working with the Filipinos, not as a maid, but as a messenger.

There were three camps: their camp, the American camp, and the camp closest to the highway to Manila. Every few days, she delivered messages, ammo, tea, coffee and sugar with a small group of fellow Filipinos to other camps. Then, they would return with intel about the whereabouts of the Japanese.

One day, they were about to cross the bridge, when a small parade of Japs marched through the bridge. Their group hid in the bottom, only to find two, obviously traumatized Americans, with their rifles held to their chests. They assured they were locals, and described the situation above. One of them gave her a two grenades, telling her to throw it in their supply. He was not going to do it. 

Grandma came out of the bridge, and threw the grenades in their horse-driven carriage. It went boom, like a BIG boom. Unfortunately, it did not kill all the Japanese, but were shot by the snipers in the mountain. 

Later, the traumatized Americans returned to their camp, safe. The commander asked what happened, and they told him the story. My grandma was given an award, a medal which she still keeps to this day. Now, she's 86 and is still as badass as she had always been.