Is this over stepping for a step parent? by t2_ngvzbpj4

I’m a 16 year old male. I play football and work part time. Over the summer football camp started. I was heavily sleep deprived and had to be up for football at 5:00am. I didn’t get home from work till 12:30am. As you can understand this wasn’t a good thing for my mental and Emotional state. Sadly my dog Domingo passed away a few days before my birthday. I was absolutely crushed. On my birthday my mom took me out to cheer me up. After we got home I decided to play video games for the first time in over two weeks. I played till 12:30 I didn’t have practice the next day. I ended up trying to fall asleep and couldn’t. I tossed and turned till 3:00 because of a ankle injury I suffered from football and constantly being on my feet. I walk out to my moms car and grab ibuprofen to stop the pain. As I walk back into the house my stepdad begins to yell at me for being up so late. He was saying something about playing video games all night and disobeying him. I tried to tell him that I was getting medicine for my ankle. He didn’t believe me. I wasn’t in the mood for this at 3:00am. So I told him that if he doesn’t believe me and he can keep doing so. And then I walked into my room shut my door and fell asleep finally. I wake up play some more video games then head to work. My mom picks me up from work we drive half way home before she says “your stepfather took your PlayStation by the way. Maybe if you didn’t stay up all hours of the night playing it he wouldn’t have taken it”. After hearing this my blood began to boil. This mf really thinks it’s ok to take my PlayStation something my father bought me for Christmas. Over ibuprofen. After all the shit I was going through that week he really thought that was a good move. I wasn’t ok emotionally he lacked any empathy or care for my emotions it hurt. I didn’t know what to do I had no one to talk to. This is the closest Ive ever been to ending it all. I could care less about my PlayStation that’s not why I was angry. I was angry because he wanted to punish me mere hours after my dog had passed away. The worse part is my mom was on bored with it. They really didn’t care about what I was going through. All they cared about was punishing me. They never listened to me not one time. To this day I feel like if I got into a car accident. They would take my PlayStation before taking me to a hospital.