Like Clockwork by t2_4ifi10gi

*Wake up. Get dressed. Go to work. Do work. Go home. Go to sleep.* 

*Wake up. Get dressed. Go to work. Do work. Go home. Go to sleep.*

*Wake up. Get dressed. Go to work. Do work. Go home. Go to sleep.*

Every single day, like clockwork, the same pattern repeated. The tedious tasks of the day only ever shifted slightly, but never enough to make the day stand out from the last. I typed for hours on end. I sipped countless amounts of coffee. I printed so many papers. I did too many spreadsheets. I laughed every day at my bosses shit jokes. And, to be completely honest, I was really fucking tired of it. 

For once I wanted to do something that mattered. Something, anything that would cut me from this loop of monotony. When would my life become more than just a programme? Like the clock on the far wall, it felt like I was going one direction for the entirety of my existence. That no matter how much I struggled to make every day unique, it always follows the full, clockwise circle that it was programmed to do. I stared harder at the clock, and I swear that it seemed as if it had come to a stand-still. I watched in awe at first, but the awe quickly turned to inspiration.

I grabbed a pen from my desk and clicked it open. I got up from behind my desk for the first time in years. Never before had I abandoned my work like this. Never before had I made my own decision about what today would be like. Never before had I felt like this. It was... enlightening.

I paced forwards through the maze of office desks and mindless drones. My vision became hazy and my mind began to play tricks on me. The heads of my fellow co-workers morphed into clocks. Ticking and tocking in that same clockwise motion. Or maybe, my mind wasn't playing tricks. Maybe for the first time I could see the truth as clear as day. 

My boss approached from the opposite end of the hall, a shitty grin plastered on to his face. His stride was pretentious and his arms swayed way more than normal. His hair was gelled and flat, causing a great shine to reflect off his perfect strands. And, to top off his dickhead demeanour, the coffee mug in his hand read 'Best Boss Ever.' What a fucking douche. 

"Hey, man, how's the work-"

I shoved the pen into his eye with as much force as I could muster. His iris exploded in a mess of red and pink, releasing his blood in bursts down my arm and face. I stared at him as I did it, blank-faced and starry-eyed. I was captivated by the raw feeling of it. I pulled out the pen and thrust it hard into his neck. Streams of blood ejected from his throat and smeared my entire face, and I welcomed it. He fell eventually, gasping for air and crying in pain. The screams were like a melody in my ears. 

I turned back, looking at the clock on the far wall once again. This time, it reversed its course, spinning in an anti-clockwise manner. Same with all the co-workers 'heads'. I smiled.

I walked towards the lift and I pressed the button for the ground floor. As the doors closed, a single bead of blood rolled down my forehead and over my eyelid. The red contaminated the whites of my eye, and suddenly, I saw it clearly. No longer were the days which were spent droning about behind a desk, eyes glued to a screen for hours. No longer were the days where I took orders from someone else. No longer were the days spent trapped within an infinite loop for the rest of my days. For the first time in my life, I was free.