Annual Accident (TW-Gore? Injury) by t2_31a9qba7

I've always been the kid who ends up getting a bit hurt every once in a while but a pattern has made itself clear through out the years. Every year within a month of my birthday I get physically injured in a pretty bad accident that otherwise could have killed me. It's become a joke among my friends and family that god gives me a scar for a birthday present every year.

There are a lot of stories, I've cut my butt cheek open on a coral reef while getting held under a massive wave when I went surfing, I've broken my ribs, I've been stabbed (not by a person yet which is mildly surprising), I've broken my leg, been burned, you name it.

But THIS year takes the case. Now I just turned 22 last month and of course this year's accident happened the day before my birthday. My family and I have just moved and my father was transporting some of the old wood from the deck we had at our last house. He rented a huge U-haul and called my brother, my boyfriend, our roommate, and me to come help him unload the heavy lumber and intact pieces of the deck frame. There were 4 intact frames all leaned up against the walls of the truck. We get the smallest one out no problem, then the medium piece, thankfully everything's going smoothly.

But now it's time to get the largest piece out, since the last medium sized piece is (or appeared to be) leaned up against the back wall. The largest piece had to be at least 7 feet tall when we leaned it on it's side. My brother and my father had begun pushing it up and balancing it to get it out of the truck while I stood behind it to push. Stood behind it, between it and the last piece that was against the back wall. The perfect spot for disaster. We'd JUST begun to move the largest piece when I guess the truck shifted. That's all that the piece that had been leaning against the back wall needed to start falling in my direction.

Two of the attached posts had metal bits at the end, and they caught me at the same time as it fell. The first one created a shallow puncture wound less then an inch away from my spine on the left side. The second created a long gash on the back side of my arm near my elbow that was about half a centimetre deep give or take. My initial reaction of get-the-fuck-out-of-the-way kicked into high gear. I arched my back forward and took a step to the side and forward to avoid the large piece ahead of me.

The first metal post that had punctured me dragged across and down my back all the way to my right hip, it tore apart my shirt pretty good. In the moment I had no idea how bad any of it was. I didn't even feel the gash on my arm. I just knew that my back hurt and from my EMT experience (though limited) I knew this probably was pretty bad and that I'd be lucky if I hadn't fracture my spine or something.

Well I was lucky. I didn't need to go to the hospital (thought my boyfriend says I probably should have). I cleaned the crap out of everything with the highest percentage of alcohol I could find, which hurt more then the accident, and bandaged myself up. Butterfly band aids for the gash and a good band aid for the puncture would since the slice to my back was surprisingly surface level. At this point everything has healed up well, the scabs just itch occasionally. My family laughed about it the next day while I was moaning and groaning.

My mom did say though, "You're lucky that puncture missed your spine."

I'll admit, I am lucky. I can't help be feel like I've pissed off some trickster god or something. But hey! at least I've got plenty of stories to tell.

Edit: spelling/grammar