My girlfriend and I took care of her 84 year old dad the past year. Unfortunately, we gave him covid by accident and he passed away last night and now the entire family hates us.... by t2_gqg8w

So let’s start off with a little back story. I had a particular career path where I was traveling a lot for work. Covid has completely destroyed that industry so my girlfriend and I ended up staying at her dads house. Now her other sister lives there with her boyfriend. Her dad and I got along very well. I would help him around the yard, we cooked for him everyday, we took care of this man. The sisters boyfriend is not even allowed to be seen by the father. The father hates him with a passion. Some past history that I am not to familiar with. The sister has this insane jealousy that I can have a relationship with her father and her boyfriend cannot. I constantly walk on egg shells in the house. Her sister twists my words and constantly gossips about me to the rest of the family. It is a very toxic environment. There is a total of four sisters and it might get confusing. Try to follow. 

My girlfriends older sister lives down the street is the rudest person I have ever met just downright miserable and has nothing nice to say about anyone. My girlfriend and I broke up in the past so they all use this as crutch as to why they didn’t like me in the first place. Yet the sister that lives with us, her boyfriend and her constantly fight and break shit when her dad is gone, we broke up multiple fights. The other sisters husband tried to divorce her twice. Whatever not trying to badmouth I could care less about their relationships and this is the issue. They feel the need to involved themselves in our relationship. 

During the summer we went boating her sisters attacked us, yet they can go to a casino no problem. This is just some of the hypocrisy. Tension was already high before her dad got covid. Any family dinner, her sisters would just ignore me. I got so tired of it, but I stayed quiet. Even though I baby sat their kids and I cook for their 84 year old dad everyday. They treated me like dirt. Her younger sister constantly would yell at me. She is bipolar and they just say “well that’s how she is” no it is not okay for someone to scream at you because the internet is not working. Now this is when it got really ugly. Well during thanksgiving her family was coming over. Well we did not want to stay because the last times we had dinner it was incredibly awkward. So we went to have dinner at my families house. 

We had two thanksgiving dinners. We went to my families dinner. Apparently my father had covid and he didn’t know. He got my girlfriend and I sick. We had no idea. We had a second thanksgiving dinner on Saturday after thanksgiving. Apparently spread to everyone. Her father 84, was complete fine until day 12, we took him to the ER he spent a lot of time on ventilator and he passed away in last night. 

The two sisters told us that we were selfish and that we killed their father. Her older sister told her kids, that I cherished and babysat, that we killed their grandfather. They won’t even look at us now. They all came to the house the following day and completely ignored us wouldn’t even look at us. They constantly remind my girlfriend that she killed her dad. It’s complete ignorance. I had a relationship with this man and this is the thanks I get. Her siste that lives with us boyfriend tried to fight me multiple times. Completely toxic environment. The ironic thing is, if they were just nice from the beginning we would have had thanksgiving dinner with them. All probably could have been avoided but they just couldn’t let it go. I have PTSD from the whole experince. I just don’t understand how her sisters can come to a thanksgiving dinner without a mask and blame us for giving her dad covid. It’s downright ignorant. 

Luckily I landed a job 6 hours away and I got a uhual and we are moving today. We will not look back. I feel so sorry for my girlfriend. She really thinks she killed her dad. Her sisters are disgusting people. 2020 was a time when you need family. Instead they pushed us away. I told my girlfriend she needs to block them. She is afraid they will not include her in her dads funeral. The whole thing is disgusting. I have never been so angry in my life. I was so kind to them and they just had to constantly hate us. 

Thanks for reading I really just have no one to talk to about this. 2020 was the worst year of my life.