I Met God...I Think. by t2_456zg9nd


I know. I know. Your first thought is "This is a load of shit", but I assure you it's not. Some friends (Mark and Angela) and I were backpacking through a small town on one of our annual end of the semester road trips, we stopped by a town just outside of our home state of Colorado. We always had a blast on our trips because we turned off the gps, we went old school with a map of the places we wanted to stop at, and some herbal "medicines" for those extra long drives. It was in this town were we went into a bar, the name of the place slips away from me. Inside the bar we had a few shots and started talking to the locals. Admittedly we're all a little buzzed, so when it slipped that we're tourists on a drive across the country. One of the locals, a bartender named Kate. Told us about a spot, just outside of their town, in the woods, she said this spot wasn't like any other in town, she said before we left town we had to go there an experience the serenity and blissfulness of the woods. She also said that in the face of adversity, look the other way, turn the other cheek.

So with nothing better to do, and just out of curiosity. We went, and I'm so glad we did. When we arrived at the place we assumed to be the spot, we set up camp. We didn't plan on camping so we didn't have tents or sleeping bags, luckily an already made firepit stood in the center of the woods. Both of my buddies went into the woods to collect firewood, the sun had set and darkness would creep up soon. While I waited on my friends to get back, I suddenly heard a rustle in one of the many bushes that circled the clearing. I thought at first, it was Mark or Angela, but it wasn't. As the figure emerged from the bush I could make out its shape, it was a man. Around 6'3 in height. He staggered towards me and shifted his feet awkwardly as he did so, which made his walk look like a funny dance. 

"Shit man, sorry if this was your spot." I said, but the man didn't respond he just kept at me. Something was off about this guy, I suppose seeing a  strange man in the middle of butt-fuck nowhere would give you that feeling. I wasn't scared or anything, I'm a big guy in my own right. I stood to defend myself when the woman's words ran through my mind, so instead of being aggressive. I killed him with kindness and empathy. 

"Sir, do you need some help?" He  stopped in his tracks, he made it to the fire pit and a warm smile overcomes his face. This smile made all  the tension escape mg body, I suddenly felt safe, the strangers demeaner shifted drastically. He just radiated goodness and warmth. I don't know how to explain it, the stranger took a seat on one of the logs adjacent to me.  

"Turn the other cheek, sorta speak, huh Ethan?" Said the stranger, now I should've been freaked out that he knew my name, but I wasn't. I felt intoxicated in his presence, I got a better look at his face as I sat down. It  seemed like I knew him, like we've met before, but I didn't even know his name. I was perplexed, but at the same time I wasn't. My mind was moving in slow motion as it navigated me through a swarm of thoughts, and questions. He was a silver fox, as he had a head full of light gray hair and a short combed beard to match. His face looked weathered as,if it had seen a thousand days, his skin a dark complexion which looked lighter under the bright orange blaze. 

"Ethan, I know what you're going to ask me." Said the stranger, I didn't feel the need to speak as he did so for me. "You want to know who I am, but you already know I'm no one to be afraid of and after you demonstrated just a little bit of humanity, help thye fellow man. I allowed you to see me for who I really am." 

"Who are you." I said with a smile on my face, sitting so close to him was beginning to effects me. I was so happy, this feeling hit me as soon as he let me in, it felt heavenly. 

"I have many names.."

"...Are you G-"

"Lets just say I'm the father of...many."

"Are-

"I can't  answer that, Ethan. You'll find out soon enough.

"Well, what about-

"The girl in 4E will say yes, you just have to win her over creatively." 

"Why-"

"That's important Ethan but, what's important right now is that you keep your spirit. Keep that undying need to  your fellow man. Also stay away from 5th and Maine tonight, there's going to be a racially motivated bombing." 

"Wait, if you who I think you are, why are you let-" I stopped, you're not suppose to question him, once I stopped he smiled. 

"Word of mouth travels fast doesn't? Bombing happens at 3:00am. Craven's Tavern. I put the rest in your hands." I heard the distant footsteps of my friends  approaching us, as they drew nearer Mark called out to me. 

"E, got wood?" I looked back and the log was empty. As They sat down on the logs I words instantly sprung from my mouth.

"What time does Carvens Tavern close?"