The girl I met in the train, Part 5 by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋, this the 5th part of the story. So if you haven't read the first parts, please do, so that the story would make sense. You can easily find the previous parts on my profile, just click on my profile ' j0hnwikk ' above the title. I hope you will read them🤗.


It was like I was on some drug, I was in a state of euphoria. She looked even more beautiful and magical. I couldn't stop looking at her. I couldn't take my eyes of her and I wished I could just look at her till the end of time. I wanted to hug her and tell her how much I loved her. I wished if I could just hold her face in my palms and tell her how she made me feel. I wish I was in a movie, so maybe I could have done that. 

She noticed me looking at her and we made eye contact twice. Of course I kept count of how many times our eyes met, its a whole different feeling. I considered myself to be lucky that I am alive and that I'm able to be in love with someone. To be able to love someone is a Gift, it's a blessing.

I have no clue whether she remembers me. I don't think she does. That day I wanted her to notice me in such a way that she would  never  forget me. Different groups were asked to make a chart on a particular topic in the first day of the program. In the afternoon session of the second day two students from each group where asked to go on stage and explain the chart, one must hold the chart while the other student explains it.


It was the turn of the group in which I was seated. Every other group had completed their presentation. One student from our group had already went to the stage with the chart. Nobody else was willing to go to the stage. There were some boos in the hall and the priest who was conducting the program asked "isn't there any brave student in that group"???, Boos intensified. I thought this is my moment, if I get upon stage and hold the chart, she would definitely notice me more and maybe even remember me.

I got up and started walking to the stage, my best buddy who was sitting with me was like, bro toilet is the other way, no one expected me, of all people to get up and walk to the stage. Everyone was acting like they witnessed a miracle. Every single student in the hall cheered for me and I was like 'are they high or something'. I had a lot of friends, I had mentioned before everyone in my town are humble and become friends quite easily, I was friends with almost all the boys. So all those boys who knew me where scattered in every group started cheering for me and when majority of the people start cheering for someone the rest of the people join in too. The only thing my entry lacked was an intro music, LOL.

I got up on the stage and the priest was like 'well done son,you deserved it'. I don't know with all the cheers maybe he thought I was going to set this place on fire with my presentation. Maybe he didn't know I was there just to hold the chart. I went to my partner who was already on stage and as I was about to take the chart to hold, he refused. He refused to give me the chart instead I was given the mic. The crowd bursted into laughter.

Will be continued.

Thank you for reading.Your feedbacks are valuable,DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Give an upvote if you liked it. I will see you friends soon🖤.