I drove halfway across the U.S. to meet up with a girl I befriended on Xbox. by t2_4wnenb1x

This is quite possibly the craziest and most spontaneous thing that’s ever happened to me and I still can’t fully wrap my head around what the FUCK just happened.

So about six months ago I was playing a game that I shall not name (small community game, also this is a throwaway account for obvious reasons), with some friends and the game requires teams of 4 to play effectively and win so we’re constantly going through rotations of a few people as they get on and off the game, eventually my friend who’s one of the “elites” of the game, so he knows a lot of the best players, brings this girl into our team and we play a few games and she’s like really good and I’m like “okay so this girl is good that’s cool, I wouldn’t mind playing with her more often”. Well not long after this my elite friend gets communication banned so in order to talk we resorted to Facebook voice chat, which meant he had to add us all on Facebook and make a group chat for us to do the group call from, so now I’m in a group chat with this girl and it turns out she’s WAYYY attractive. Easily a 9, debatably a 10. Total dream girl material. Now I was in a relationship at the time but things weren’t going well so this girl definitely had my attention.

Fast forward a couple months and my elite friend went off the deep end emotionally and became a dick and had a falling out with most of us including me, this girl, and a couple others, and we all remained a squad after this without him, I end up mainly playing with her for the next few months and we become really good friends to the point where we were texting and calling each other outside of Xbox, I had just gotten out of my falling apart relationship too and this girl, while in a relationship, made it pretty clear that she was sexually bored of her relationship and we started flirting heavy.

About a month ago she had admitted to liking me and expressed a sexual desire, and I had admitted the same back and then I decided I’d drive five states over to meet her and possibly have sex, except she still has the boyfriend so her options to do this (and she wanted to) was to either cheat (big bad) or discuss a threesome/open relationship with her bf.

So I show up for three days and nothing happens on the first two days because she’s not willing to cheat and her bf wasn’t willing to play ball on the open relationship thing quite yet and she sprung it on him rather suddenly.

Soooo on the third day I’m kinda upset and getting ready to leave and go back empty handed, although I still met up with her and hung out and we had a good time, it hadn’t been the fun time I had imagined. Then she sends me a picture of her boobs and I’m like “uhhh what are you doing?” And she’s like “my bf agreed to a threesome, come over right now”. So I go over there and literally within two minutes and next to no prior discussion, we’re having a threesome and I mean for HOURS we went at it. This girl is lowkey a FREAK in bed.

I drove 1,400 miles to meet this really fucking attractive girl who’s IN a relationship and actually managed to have sex with her anyways.

Still can’t believe this happened. Xbox does some crazy shit. I’m not even THAT attractive. I don’t know how this girl became interested in me. Genuinely doesn’t feel like this is real. The only reason I’m writing this post is because I really want to tell people, but not people who know me, this story because it’s fucking wild. Only a handful of people on both our ends know the story, the total count is under 10 for sure. I’m driving back right now and still can’t quite believe what happened to me. I am SHOOK.


Tl;dr: befriended a 10/10 chick on Xbox, drove five states over to meet her, ended up having a threesome with her and her boyfriend.

Wild.