Death by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

I lay on the ground, bleeding.

I'm trying to figure out what's going on. Lights are flashing. Blue and red.

Where am I? How did I end up here?

&#x200B;

I move with no struggle, and look down. There I am. That's me. I'm dead.

...Fuck... I didn't think I would end up like this. What will my dad think? And my mom... She'll be destroyed by this. I must stay alive. I must...

And then, *they* put their hand on my shoulder. I turn around. I can't see who or what they are. I fall backwards. They have no face. I try to crawl away, but I find myself pressed upon a wall in a darkened room. I scan the room desperately for an escape. But I'm cornered.

It approaches me. I start breathing heavily, as it draws nearer. I can't escape.

I break down, and start sobbing hysterically. I can't even look at it anymore. My vision is clouded by my tears, running down my face like a steady stream. I put my hand into my knees, praying for it to go away. Some time passes. It feels like forever.

But eventually, I wipe away my tears, and look up. It's looking down at me. I start panicking again. Before I get the chance to fight back, it grabs me, and puts its face up to mine... Before removing its mask.

A friendly face. Filled with the warmth of an abandoned summer memory, and the memory of a warm Christmas Eve by the chimney. I start crying again, but for different reasons this time. A deep feeling of guilt for being afraid of something so beautiful, as well as an overwhelming sense of glee. As if it was the face of a long forgotten friend, which I had been dying to see since I lost them.

*"Hush now... It's alright,"* It says lightly, similar to a divine entity.

It speaks...?

I'm slightly set back by this. I still can't figure out who or what it is. But I know now that it doesn't mean any harm. And in the end, I feel as if that's all I need to know. *"...You can speak?"* I ask foolishly. I can tell by its face that it has been asked worse. It merely nods. *"You don't have much time."*

*"What?"* I respond. *"You aren't dead yet. If you want to live, then now's the time."*

*"But..."*

My words are interrupted by a flash of light. An open door. Light is illuminating the room. It's a concrete room. It looks at the door, and gestures to it with its eyes. *"I will be seeing you someday soon. Just know not to fear me at that time,"* It says.

I'm slung back into my body. *"He has a pulse!"* I hear one of the paramedics yell, as I take a sharp breath. My eyes open, answering my questions.

I'm at a crossing. I've been run over by a vehicle. I was crossing the road. A hit and run. There are police cruisers around, presumably asking witnesses what happened. Didn't really matter to me back then.

I was alive. And that was all that mattered to me...