I had a guy shake a turd out of his pant leg and a lady who saw the nasty deed burst my eardrums. by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

I work part time in a bar next to a popular park in my town. We only do Private events. i.e.: birthday parties, company get togethers, and such. 

So, this happend one night with a small and quiet birthday party of a 34 year old mother. There were about 40 people at the hight of the night, including children. The Kids, who couldn´t drink anything alcoholic and the parents were very insistent about them not getting too much sugar so I made them alcohol free cocktais which the kids absolutely adored and since we use natural ingridients it´s not overly sweet.

One of these Kids in particular , a 9-10 year old boy who understood english and was very jumpy (native country isn´t an eng speaking country), loved the pina colada- at least I tought so since he was getting one every half hour.

I noticed during one point that this guy in his late 30´s was sitting near the toilet in the corner of the dance floor holding his gut and burping like drunk peoiple burp when they are about to introduce you to their lunch, before running to the toilet. I noticed cause I believe everyone noticed. there wre some super disgusting guteral sounds coming from this guy and I tought this guy might just burst out a fucking Xenomorph.

As I returned to cleaning glasses the mother of the boy came up and wanted a mojito- sure thing.

As I started Plucking the mint leaves and cutting the Lime when she started asking questions about my work, so I looked at her, trying to engage in a little smalltalk before i noticed the man dragging a bunny like turd ball line behind him struting towards the door moving by stepping infront with his right leg and pulling his left leg behind him. It took me a few seconds to realize what i was seing. Mr shitsmear drilling me with with a stare that sang songs with the theme of I do not want to be fucking here right now. 

me: Wha... are... you alright?

mother: who? \*turns around\* Phillip? Wha... 

first: she smelled it 

then: she saw what he dealt

then:

THIS WOMAN TURNED INTP SATANS PERSONAL OPRAH SINGER.

She screached so high i believed my very phisical being is tacken apart molekule by molekule. 

After catching my bearing i noticed that I was basically deaf on one ear and the other one wasn´t sounding great either which was probably a pro since the banshee was fucking dissing mister shit stream to tha ground and I would have rather not heard what she said to her husband as I later found out.

Guy apparently was a recovering alcoholic and diabetic and basically sent his son to get him the non-alcoholic pina coladas which gave him violent diareha since we put cream in the cocktail and this guy was lactose-intolerant. He either didn´t notice or in his sobering mind didn´t care. I´m pretty sure i heard the screachy lady talk about divorce. 

Closed up early that night and took a long shower. Called in sick the day after.

T.L.D.R.: Served drink to kids, had to clean dads shitsmears from hardwood dancefloor coverd in sticky liquids.