How I broke up with my toxic friend by t2_4n04p301

In my first year of college, I made friends with a girl, let’s call her Bec. Bec was fun and we enjoyed much of the same things; coffee, caring for others, procrastination, plants and a good meme. We both needed to move to another campus for the second half of our degrees so we planned to move into the dorms together. I began to notice that Bec was quite an emotional person. She felt sad a lot and had previously attempted suicide, She struggled with her weight and moving meant giving up her current job. 
We planned and obsessed. We relied on each other for everything. 
Bec began to sleep around with boys she met on tinder and would constantly get her heart stomped into the ground. I tried to help, I gave her my shoulder to cry on and gave her some gentle advice, but she would never listen. It was exhausting.
She started to spiral - failing exams, getting drunk every weekend, and being rude/dismissive of my feelings. It seemed that every issue I had that was hurting me was a blip in the universe in comparison to her gigantic issues. 
I felt like her Psychologist instead of her friend. I encouraged her to seek professional help but she didn’t want to.
She started saying things to other people behind my back and being rude to me despite everything I was doing for her. So when it came to actually moving I wasn’t sure any more. I tried to make different plans but it was too late. I was stuck with her.
We moved into dorms and it was a few months of sobbing in my room because of how horrible this girl made me feel, and how homesick I was.
I am financially independent but Bec is not. She expected me to shout her food and coffee etc. when we were out because I earned more money than her. I felt used and so tired. 

Eventually I started making new friends. I made friends with a girl who was so kind to me, her name shall be Lara. Lara was a give and take type of person and we began hanging out more and more. She suggested moving out together so we started looking with some other friends of hers. 
I hid all of this from Bec because she was very jealous and manipulative. Everything I did supposedly affected her. So I kept it hidden until we found a place and had our application approved.
The day I told her, she put 5-7 of her blood pressure medication in her mouth (dangerous) and went to swallow before I told her to spit them out. She wrapped things around her throat and when I called the mental health line she hit me multiple times and screamed at me. 
She told me that it was selfish for me to leave and used multiple guilt tripping tactics all of which pushed me further away.
I even called her parents to tell them what was happening and that they should come be with their daughter.
Before moving she tried to guilt trip Lara saying that she was stealing me away from her and we reassured her by saying she could visit whenever she wanted.
Bec has talked to me maybe 3 times since this incident (one of which she threatened to never talk to me again if I didn’t make her a bridesmaid someday). Bec told a mutual friend that she hated me but honestly I don’t know if I trust said mutual friend either.
Lara and I are still good friends and we treat each other like family.
I don’t miss Bec, And I don’t miss the drama. 
I left and I never looked back. I am so much happier here than ever before.