Found out wife participates in gangbangs while I’m away for work by t2_33n0b4hv


  

So brace on, long story it’s gonna be. 

I am 34, male. So I met this girl when we both were 18 and joined college. We quickly became friends and soon our friendship turned into romantic relationship. She moved in with me and I basically looked after all her expenses since then. Four years later, I got a job in an oil company in the Middle East. Seeing how our lives gonna be for the next couple of years, we decided to get married and we did. Big mistake. 

I worked there for 10 long years and used to come back home once in a year. Meanwhile, she gave birth to three kids. As long as I was there she never gave me any reasons to believe that she was cheating on me. She called me regularly, always replied back to my messages and what not. It all started when I was back home after I was done in there, that is a couple of months ago. One of my good buddies called me one day and asked to meet me. We met at the nearby park and that’s when he broke this one to me. No, he actually showed me a couple of pictures. It was hers, of her being naked with different men in different sexual positions. Doing things that she told that she was into. I could feel my heart breaking down into pieces. However I held my calm and went back home. I didn’t tell her anything. I took my car and went for a drive and that’s when I really contemplated this. 

I don’t know why but I decided to go for paternity tests. I just felt it. I did and the results came. No, I wasn’t the father of any of the three kids. This was enough for me and I confronted her. She went hysterical and never answered any questions. She packed her things, took the kids, 8, 5 and 2, and moved in with her mother. I was back at my normal being (not really) the next day and I called up this same buddy and asked him to come over.

He did and he started sharing the story. So a while ago one guy who is his good friend and gym buddy approached him and asking whether he wants to be in a gangbang. To which he said no as he was in a relationship with someone. That evening, after their gym session they went to the nearby steak house and there, this guy showed my friend the photo of the girl who is doing gangbang. Yes, it was my wife. Turned out that this guy was sleeping with her since she was in college (while we were dating). He knew that she got married to some “poor soul” and she kept seeing him along with other men as well, mostly his friends. The thing is that she proudly boasted that she was married and used to show the ring to every guy she sleeps with and how she used to host multiple men at her house (my house). So basically, she was cheating on me from day 1 and me being away for those 10 years was a boon for her. 

Anyways, I have officially told her parents and mine. I hired an advocate, copied those pics to my pen drive and have officially filed for a divorce.