The day I realized that life is as fragile as a thin panel of glass. by t2_2x1maq6p

TW : pretty gore, (a shittton of) blood, hospital and medical stuff, and some post-trauma reflections about death.



Recently, my life changed. It was a Friday. A very weird Friday. From one very second to another, a page turned.

However, this morning wasn't too shitty, since I was about to have a running session with a good friend of mine, and his dog, as usual. The doggo is very intelligent, she is a mixed collie, and she especially loves when I scratch her ears.


As I arrived in the hall of my building, something went wrong. There is this huge glass panel, right after the stairs and lifter, with a glass door in it, that, in 2 years of living in this building, I had never ever seen closed. The middle panel is always open, at a point that I hadn't noticed there was a door at all. It has no handle, no sticker, nothing. Just a huge and high glass panel.

This morning, whatever the reason, it was closed. As I was inattentively walking, as fast as usual, already thinking about meeting up with my friend, I obviously didn't notice the door. I went totally through it, in less time that I need to say it.


It was at this moment I knew. I had fucked up.


-----


Everything went so quick yet so slow. This second lasts forever. I see a glassdoor, that ain't supposed to even exist, that explodes in a multitude of deadly triangles. As sharp as knives. The picture is beautiful, I mean could've been, if it doesn't involve myself getting transformed into low-budget meatsteak. The following second, I fall, using my elbow not to hit the ground with my hands.


My brain doesn't realize what just happened. It has way too much datas to process.

"Did I just walk straight through a glass door ? Wait, what door ?!? Oh wait, is this… blood ? My blood ?"


There is so much blood, the wounds are so deep, that I can't believe my eyes. The scene is horrific, and kinda cinematographic. It is a… bloody hell… *budum tssss*


-----


Luckily, there was this girl. She was at the building entrance, like 6 meters away from me, and instantly turned back when she heard the huge broken glass sound. She quickly looked at me, then took her phone and called for rescue. I can still hear myself, mechanically dictating her my name, address, without even realizing it. My mouth seemed like it was on auto-pilot.

Then, as I was about to faint, I felt her seating near me.

I don't remember who started the conversation, but someone did. And because of that, I didn't faint, and stayed there. We talked about her studies, and mine, and maybe some random stuff that I don't remember.


The emergency truck arrived quickly. As the three rescuers were starting to ask me questions, and bandage me to stop the bleeding, the girl quickly asked if everything's good, and left, while smiling at me.

I got transported to the hospital. While laying in the back of the truck, I discussed with the younger emergency worker, who sat near me.

He was kind, and the trip didn't last long.


I won't narrate the whole day at the emergency, because that would be so long. Anyway, I eventually underwent surgery, with general anesthesia, for the deepest wound in my leg. It happened that the muscle was at almost ⅔ severed.


For the whole day, I was obsessed by my inability to warn my friend. He was probably worrying about me, (and in fact, he was), and it was mentally painful to me not being able to tell him I was at the hospital and doing ok.




I actually got so lucky. It could've hurt my eyes, or even worse : vital organs. Thinking about getting my veins cut, or my face severely injured totally freaks the shit out of me. It's broken glass, probably one of the most dangerous materials. Glass is beautiful, yet fragile and so dangerous. A deadly piece of art.

The idea that I could've been blind, and never been able to watch Inside Out, or Spirited Away again, truly terrifies me.

The idea that I could've died. I've always felt like a hard survival instinct flooding into my nerves, but it was the first time I felt this true fear of death. So deep, Visceral. Almost like paranoia.

Can't even imagine all the consequences of it. It's not even about the friends and family, it's about me. There are so many things that I crave to do before passing away. I'm not afraid about death in general, but I just can't die now. I have to leave my print in this world. I have to breathe.

Dying before I find myself, before I travel, before I learn languages, before I know love… simply isn't an option.


Another fact is worth noticing. For the whole day, meanwhile I was getting literally… butchered, I kept being nice with medical workers. Joking around, discussing about their job, etc… The fact that I was still sane, and able to joke about my own situation, really amazes me. It is proof that, even in the worst moment, I'm still able to do that. I crave to do that. Laughing, and even most importantly making people laugh. It is my ultimate way to feel alive, I suppose. Realizing all that meant a lot to me, it broke a huge barrier in my way to understand myself.


I'm still on the tracks. Life keeps moving, so do I. That goddamn Friday, something ended, something else started, a page of my journey turned. Life is fragile, and you should never forget about that.

"One life, one chance. All ephemeral." (Ephemeral, by Insomnium)


Life is fragile, yet so precious. As fragile as a thin panel of glass.