Be carefull what you wish for. by t2_8wg1uwox

Before starting this off. This is a real, this all happend to/is currently happening to me.
I am however interested in the idea of turning this into something similar / fiction . Like a Twilight zone episode, because that is exactly what this could be imo.



So, me born in 1991 started working as a Firefighter when i became 20 years old (in 2011). I was a Big lad' measuring at 1m93cm and weighing at 85kg, i was pretty fucking fit.

In my spare time i enjoyed comptetetive kickboxing, not that i was any *good* but i enjoyed it. A few throphies, and a few times where i got my ass Handed to me.. it was Fun, but i gave it up to be able to go through firefighting training.

I had also just bought a house ( a small one yes, but not much space needed for yourself - right).
Things looked good ! 

During the exams at some Point, i fracture a part of my ankle and it needed to go into a cast. But no way in hell was i going to "try again next year" so i showed up after And managed to to the rest of the test ( be it Lucky it was outdoor training that did not Involve actual fire, crawling or actual water etc. I was stil proud for pushing trough )
Skip forward a few years 
This was the life .. it was, it had a feeling of being in a "the scouts" ( this might go lost in Translation).
Some of us even Ran the 10 miles in Belgium in full gear (i did it once .. and finished it, but never felth the need to repeat it.. it was brutal)

Anyway it was cool.. we all knew what was happening with eatchother, a big group of friends.. hardly any traumatic events during "disasters"

The only downside of it all... 
No beards alowed! 
For safety reasons (the Mask would not have a safe fit) beards where not allowed at the station. A clean shave was required upon starting shift.
Often did i wish to know if i would be able to grow a beard.. 

In 2017 i get to know the love of my life,
In 2018 we sell my house and buy a big oll' house and have 2 amazing dogs together.

December 2019 my shoulder feels a bit wonky, so i decide to get it checked out . Doctor forwards me to a surgeon, surgeon tells me it's a quick fix.
Usually 3-4 weeks down time, you being a Firefighter, let's say 6! The plan was to put in a few Bols and screws in and that's that.
After the surgery the pain was intense, but (according to the surgeon) normal.

A 2 weeks in i told him the pain was intense, and that a 3 week recovery seemed short for anyone! He brushed it off as me not being tough enough.

4 weeks in the pain just increased, i was not able to take of the brace.. at the apointment i told him about it. He doesnt lift his head from begind the computer ( Corona being a great excuse here) & tells me i am just not moving it enough and what i am feeling is cramps. He gives me more downtime from work and some painkillers.


8 weeks in, i am going to kinetic therapie, some dude or machine who moves your arm for you to help with muscle Restoration etc. I need to take painkillers Before doing this .. it's to much if i don't. 

9 weeks in, another check-up - i Tell him about this, he looks up "that is weird... And it was all going so wel?"

I WAS FURIOUS i storm out and never look back. 
I look for another specialist, have to wait months to see one, they scan my shoulder - and IT IS DESTTOYED - the bolts have come unfast during some Point... Moving the shoulder made them Destroy cartalidge and even nerves, from that Point on it was clear.. this was not going to be An easy journy to repair.

We are now 2021, 4 attempts in. They took a tendon from my knee, a piece of bone from my hip (big fucking Chunk!) And a part of chest muscle and installed that all in the shoulder. 

Ill never be a Firefighter again, insurance is not Willing to cover a lawyer to Sue the doctor and lawyers are telling us that out of pocket we would be bankrupt long Before seeing a cent. 


At least now i can grow a fucking beard 

End.



If People want they can share of crosspost this story! Wherever might be helpfull. Someone adviced me to start a gofundme to help us out. But just sharing this story would do a lot! Thanks