Falsely accused by t2_a90eh



I was sitting in high school art class during lunch working on some pottery.  Next thing I know I’m being escorted to the principals office.  I’m accused of sexual assaulting someone in the hallway during movement.  What did I do? “You know what you did.”   No I don’t, what am I being accused of.  “Are you really going to make me say it!”  You grabbed her breast in the hallway!!!” 

In the office Principal says, she’s already identified me when I walked through the office hall.  The police have been called and are coming. 

I’m scarred and confused.  How could this be happening? Think about everything you did during movement.  Why is this happening?  Did someone give her the wrong name?  Wait...did I do it?  Why won’t anyone believe me?

I’m a teenager, I space out, I have hormones, I’m horny all the time.  Oh shit, I’ve fucked up.  What the fuck is happening?!?

Girls in the art class, no I don’t know their names.  No I don’t know what they look like, I think one has blonde hair.   Somehow I convince the principal to check my alibis.  I’m locked in his office alone, I can hear secretaries and office staff gossiping through the walls.  I can’t make out what their saying other than some high tones and oh that’s terrible.  I’m a nobody, I’m a little boy in a room with no hope.


The girls confirm I was in Art class when the assault was accused.  What time was that I wasn’t even told that.  I’m excused from the office I’m given no information.  I’m dying inside, I feel sad, everyone is looking at me.  No one wants to talk to me.  “Go back to class!”

I arrive in class which has filled with students waiting for the lunch period to end.  Everyone is doing their own thing.  No one knows what just happened.  I thank those girls who thought it was funny my fate was in their hands.  I don’t even know their names.

I sit back at my art station and just zone out on my art piece, my half eaten chocolate donut still on my lunch tray.  Class starts and the world moves on with a disoriented teenage boy trying to process what just happened during his lunch break and how all that just happened in 30 minutes.

I’m 40 now, never learned who made the accusation.  Was never given justice for the slander.  That event still haunts me.  Then again life has put me through it more than once. 
—————————

Thank you for reading.  Before this happened and since, life likes to put me through it.  I have so many stories of life being nasty.  Luckily, I’ve had enough success in life and in love that I have people I hold on too.  But I also have anxiety close to PTSD which has developed from experience and stressful jobs I chose to take.  I suffer from night terrors and problems close to being flashbacks.  As such I have a dark personality and sense of humor which is often inappropriate. I control myself with medication which makes it easier to live and make it easier for my wife and children to live around.

I just found r/stories I hope to contribute more as the muse strikes me.  Thank you again.