How I started life out as a 7 year old Hustler/Burglar by t2_3ebviv25

One of my many first memories was of my mom and aunt taking me around with them to break into storage units.
In the mid 90's when I was roughly 7 years old my mom, my younger 3 sisters, younger brother and myself lived in a section 8 ghetto. We were the only white family and my mom was the resident "Candy Lady". For those who don't know what a lady lady is, She would sell candy, soda pop, smokes, beer and microwave food and hair products that stank for the residents of our community in exchange for coin of course. Everyday after school I would come home and have to deal with a line of 20 people before I could do my homework or play.
I started hustling all the kids by selling everything for a quarter or 50 cents higher than my moms prices. I did this because we weren't aloud to have anything ourselves unless we paid for it.
So 30 mins later I count my stash up which ranged from $5 to $10 and then I would buy myself whatever I wanted and go hide from my siblings and gorge.Directly behind our duplex was a storage facility that my mom used to store stuff that she would sell at auctions and flea markets. One night my mom and aunt bribed me with something along the lines of, "If you come work with us for a few hours we will give you some money and take you to the skating rink this weekend." Back then we didn't have computers and phones so if I wasn't at school I was outside playing in the woods twisting my ankles or stepping on jacket nests or at the skating rink. Needless to say I was down to hustle. Keep in mind I WAS SEVEN-ish.
I hopped in the back of my moms van that night and we drove back to the storage units. My mom entered her access code and in we went. She parked at her storage unit and opened it so that it would look like we were just messing around with our stuff if someone else showed up, then we all walked over to a unit a ways away from ours. My mom used bolt cutters to pop the lock, tossed it in the woods and slowly opened the unit door. First unit had furniture packed to the roof up front but boxes in the back. My mom told me to climb through the furniture to the boxes and look for stuff like jewelry, guns, and electronics. So in I climbed flash light in hand as the door closed behind me. The only other thing I remember about that night is that I got a Playstation 1 out of it, and enjoyed the skating rink.
Little did I know that this would only be one of the first scheme's my mom would have me be apart of and ultimately lead to me going to prison later in life. If you found this story intriguing and would like to know more about the experience's I've gone through feel free to follow this blog.

resilientfelon.wordpress.com