We were very rude to a professor who took a pay cut to teach kids. by t2_erjiftsy

(sorry about the flair I didn't know what to pick) This is a real story and in retrospect I feel horrible for the kind of behavior we had as kids.

All through 6-8th grade my private school had a teacher by the name of (changing the name) Dr. Hills. He had a PHD in history and was incredibly passionate about history, facts, and education. This man was, to say the least, a godsend to our school. He cared for each and every one of us to the point he had an "open door policy". Anybody could walk in his door any time to ask for help. He'd even go as far as to repeat his daily lecture if you needed.

Dr.Wells was in his late 60s. Very well dressed, well spoken, and absolutely loved by every other teacher. He was an absolute *true gentlemen*. In retrospect us students did not appreciate him enough. As an adult I'm appalled by - not only my own behavior - how stupid we acted.

When I was young there was something called "the word game" which was where somebody would say a word at a whisper and then people would take turns getting louder until it was almost a yell. It was usually inappropriate words, frankly. We did this during his "boring" lectures... Admittedly it was quite often.

We used to constantly mess around in his class because "history was boring". Now, in my adult years, I look back and realize we were shitty teenagers/preteens. That man had a PHD and took a probably HEAVY pay cut to teach stupid kids rather than be a professor at a Uni. I realize now how much shit he had to deal with out of his love for education and history.

Dr. Hills, I'm sorry. I know you'll never read this, but you were an absolutely amazing man. My mother worked with you at my school and I remember the days you would bring her lunch from the cafeteria when she was stuck doing lesson plans or grading.

I remember how you would keep crackers and other snacks in your desk for kids who missed breakfast. I remember how you volunteered to help the lunch lady's when one of their coworkers moved away. I remember on our sporting event days (even though you weren't a sports kinda guy) when you would stand out on the sidelines with handmade signs cheering us on.

You were a man of class, love, kindness, passion, and a heart of goddamned gold. I hope you're somewhere living a good life. 

For what it's worth... I'm sorry for being a brat of a child.