I almost cryed in zoom and and got in trouble and trying to remove spyware issued by school by t2_941vj1dc

My school is doing online learning for my class and it haven’t been  the best for me ( I have adhd so it is hard for me to pay attention) and  the teacher hasn’t been super nice either. So I was doing badly in  school and the teacher was being very rude and disrespectful of me  through the whole day. During the last few classes I was about to cry  because I was very pissed about the teacher being mean to me, so I left  the call and calmed down for a little bit, then I joined the call again  and the teacher gave me some crap (along with the teachers pets) and I  argued then i didn’t feel very good after that, this happened several  more times and I have been short tempered because I have been so pissed  for the last few days.

Another incident that happened was when the enter class got a bad  grade. So what happened was we had a social studies test and we all got  33-76 grades and then the teacher got mad at all of us for having a bad  grade and then we argued and i said t if your the teacher and your job  is teaching and the entire class got a bad grade it is not the students  fault it’s your fault and i got in trouble, this Incident made me and  several other people feel bad.

another thing that makes me made is that my school is going to put  spyware on my computer that has the ability's to block you from the  browser/browsers you are using and block certain websites and force you  into calls take away the ability to sign out of your e mail account they  also have access to your files so they can delete things on your  computer. i am a wary of this. I have had to deal with this before  because the last school i was at used this they did not remove it and i  thought that was bad, with all of these ability's they can soft block  you from you computer and invade your privacy. this would make sense if  it were the schools computer BUT THIS IS MY COMPUTER and i do not want  my privacy taken away, i do know how to block it but i might be the  asshole for doing this because it may violate the school polices and  mess up what ever system they are using. I think the idea of taking  students privacy away is a bad idea and possibly illegal.

Edit Clarification: When i say she gave me crap the teacher scolded me for a few minutes

Edit 2 more clarification: this was my computer with my house and my wifi, nothing was supplied from the school other that 2 math books and a agenda

Edit: 3 OK now apparently the teachers can force umute you on zoom with out your knowledge.