I saved a man and his son. by t2_4yqd8tlr

I had just turned fourteen, and I was on a camping trip with my church, we call it high adventure. We went to a lake up in northern Idaho, and just camped and kinda chilled, one day me and another kid who couldn’t swim went down to the lake, he was just there to be my “buddy”. Anyway I was just jumping off the dock and swimming around a little bit, and I was an alright swimmer but not in the best shape. While I was swimming I saw a man get into the lake with his son, who was maybe 3/4 years old. They were in a one man kayak with the man paddling. His son was sitting in front of him on the kayak and because of that he was hitting his son with the paddle and having a hard time paddling. I didn’t think much of it, just kinda chuckled. I kept swimming and just diving into the water, and after I had dove off a few times I came back up, and the other boy that was with me ran over kind of panicked. He said “ I think that man needs help” so I got up onto the dock and I could hear him screaming a high pitched help. He had flipped his kayak and his son and him were both in the water, and I guess he couldn’t swim. Because his yell was so high pitched it sounded almost comical and I couldn’t tell if he actually needed help or if he was just messing with his son. I yelled out and asked if he needed help and he responded back yes. Instantly I got an adrenaline surge and without thinking jumped into the water. I had never and still haven’t swam that far that fast, it took me probably 30 seconds or less to swim out probably fifty yards. When I got out there I asked the man what he needed me to do, he told me to grab his son and swim him back. Thankfully his son had a life jacket on our neither of us probably would have made it. With one arm I grabbed the back of his life jacket and with the other ( and my legs) I started swimming another 50 yards back to shore. I dropped the kid off with the other boy there, then swam back out to the man to see if he needed anything else. They went out to go fishing so I grabbed as much fishing supplies as I could and helped swim him back. Just as I got back to the shore with everything my leaders showed up, so I got a little bit of recognition which was kinda nice. But at that point I was shaking and exhausted, so I went back to camp, changed and promptly passed out and had a two hour nap.