I’ve had my first time in a brothel today by t2_8gb8efcj

I (16 m) had my first time in a brothel today, I am a really shy introverted person plus I have social anxiety and I’m also kind of a femboy. So to the story I’m on vacation right now and I’ve met my old friends who I haven’t talked in years. They are completely the opposite of me sex, smoking and all that stuff (I don’t do anything like that and I also don’t plan on doing that) so anyways we were in a car ride all together and they jokingly said that they are going to bring me to a brothel (they have been there multiple times) and I thought about it and later on said yes. I said yes because I don’t see myself getting a girlfriend or having sex anytime soon and I don’t want to hear  that the the right one will come one day, no she won’t because all I do is sit and rot in my room playing video games all day. So back to the topic we went to some brothels and I chose the woman that I liked, I payed and waited. She asked me if it my first time I said yes, she then undressed herself told me to undress as well when I undressed she told me to lay down and relax she then gave me a handjob for a bit then a blowjob and then she went on top of me. But I think I was too nervous or something because I couldn’t even get fully hard and I came too quickly ( is this normal for the first time? )she said that’s ok and that I was too nervous.I never intended to satisfy the woman as it was my first time but I still feel shit because I know that she didn’t even enjoy it. So anyways my friends were waiting and they all were smirking and shit they then of course asked me how it was what happened e.t.c  they then asked me why I was so fast I told idk and they also told me that I was too nervous and that’s ok. We then went to grab something to eat and I fell asleep in the car lol. Im not very proud that my first time was in a brothel but I guess I learned something about myself, I’m a bottom I ABSOLUTELY AM A FUCKING BOTTOM. And woman find me cute and like my hair :)

 I don’t really regret my decision to go there because i don’t even have/had a girlfriend but I am disappointed with myself. I also don’t plan on telling anyone because i will either be judged or also be looked at as sort of dirty. 
One thing that I know though is that I had fun and I will do it again sometime soon (not in a brothel this time maybe) I don’t know though what are your guys thoughts on this whole situation

Update: I regret my decision going there as I would of at least wanted to lose my virginity with someone I either liked or at the very least knew