I've been telling my adult boyfriend hugely detailed interconnected bedtime stories for the past 5 nights and it's getting out of hand... by t2_j8tf884

5 Nights ago I was washing dishes while my boyfriend cooked us dinner. We started discussing some avocados owned by a housemate that had been left on the worktop, and I spontaneously started telling a fictional story about a girl who lived in an avocado tree-branch in an orchard. This was ad-libbed as I went along, and graphically detailed how the girl teamed up with some pirates to take over part of the orchard, and eventually became the pirate king. 2 hours later, I was finishing the story which involved a war with raccoons, a squirrel version of 9/11, war crimes, the death of the protagonists wife and unborn baby in a botched abortion, and the eventual assassination of the 'Avocado Supreme' by a group of squirrels.

My boyfriend was hooked and the next night was curious about a 2nd story, but "didn't actually think I'd tell one" - This time I decided to stay in-universe, and told a 2nd story about a heron who lived outside the orchard and how the wars affected him, he was eventually murdered by a gay jaguar in revenge for the death of his boyfriend. It then changed to the perspective of the jaguar, who ran into the orchard to start a new life, but was met with predator-prejudice (lots of concepts stolen from many movies).

The 3rd night I gave him a more fairytale-styled prequel about a dinosaur, which detailed how the dinosaurs home was destroyed by humans trying to build an orchard who he then murdered. He trekked far away, and repeated the actions of the humans elsewhere, before getting murdered by the animals that he'd dehomed. The story ends when he is frozen in ice, and found millions of years later by the inhabitants of the orchard he created (modern stories).

Around this time it was becoming something of a 'ritual', and I was discussing it with a friend who asked that I write brief versions to send to her. I wrote all 3 down, and then she asked that part 4 involve espionage and told me that she's just as invested in these characters as my boyfriend.

Night 4 I told the story of a pirate-ran raccoon spy network, who uncovered a 'Avocadosaur' unfreezing program, which was set up by the pirate king and the squirrel leader using joint resources. This led to a cover-up and the disappearance of the raccoon that made the discovery. Following which a raccoon that was part of the spy-network decided to break into the lab and release the monsters in an attempt to wipe out the squirrels. He quickly discovered that the Avocadosaurs were mostly vegetarian, and were an invasive species who then spent 6 months wiping out the orchard's ecosystem, aided by lobbying from animal-rights activists. The raccoon that was silenced by the pirate king then pulls a 'Nick Fury' and starts The AV(ocado)vengers consisting of the jaguar, the original Avocadosaur, and some currently undisclosed characters.

It's night 5 and this is getting out of hand - my boyfriend has just got out of the shower and I know I'm expected to tell the next part of this story. So far, the story has included themes of war crimes, terrorism, abortions, capitalism, democracy, corruption, deforestation, espionage, invasive species and parental pressure. I'm genuinely unsure of how I'm meant to tie up all of the loose threads I've created and tonight I'm thinking of trying to start to talk about the social impact of the Avocardosaur invasion (while also including the action-movie elements that have been requested for the next story)

Edit: so this has gained an oddly large amount of attention so at some point in the next few days I'm going to try and turn the first part into a short story (although I'm not a writer so don't expect too much) Watch this space if you're interested