I was reported missing by t2_4ahwvnl0

My boyfriend’s car broke down so I’ve been picking him up from work at 9 every week day. I’ve also been sleeping over at his new apartment. They have  a carport directly outside the door with an assigned parking spot I usually use. This particular week, they were working on it and told us not to park under it, so I parked two spots down right beside his car that doesn’t work. 

During the day I had been studying to get an online certification for work. Around 7 I got unusually tired from staring at the screen all day and decided to take a nap. It was two hours before I had to pick him up and I only planned to use one. I remember noticing my phone was about to die but too lazy to get the charger. I woke up a little while later and my phone dead, I plugged it up and started back on my trainings. I saw that my laptop had switched time zones again and said that it was 1:30 AM. I went to change it and saw it was correct, it was indeed 130 AM.  Two seconds later I received a ton of messages on my laptop (phone was still dead) that just said the word “hey” . Friends, family, even my pastor. I thought it was spam. 

I called my boyfriend (still on my Mac) wondering why he didn’t take a lyft home and to see where he was. He answered the phone like he didn’t know who I was. We both blurred out “Where are you?” at the same. He was at his moms, I was at home. Then I heard my dad’s voice and got super confused. My family lives an hour away and had never met him, except for my mom.  

The poor thing had gotten so freaked out I never showed, he called my entire family, all my friends I knew, and the police in a panic. I’m talking like my entire immediate family of 5 packed (well 4 without me) packed tightly in the smallest car because it had the most gas. They had printed out a recent picture of me and were currently signing over my medical records! Both him and my mother were in tears. I should also mention this gave my family traumatic flashback as one time I had voluntarily committed myself to the hospital after I came very close to suicide. It hit them out of nowhere and I’m sure they thought I was actually gone this time. They had rushed down in similar fashion- my mom was barely dressed. I felt absolutely horrible. 

Apparently his mom had picked him up and driven him by the house and he didn’t see my car. It was right beside his but he has truly horrible vision. I can also vouch that heightened anxiety makes it WAY harder to perceive what’s actually going on. I have literally seen things that weren’t there when panicky. The door was locked and we shared a key since he had just moved in and we only had one car anyway. He didn’t think I was home, last he had heard I was at the coffee shop so he thought someone had kidnapped me from there. My phone was dead and couldn’t be tracked. They had called EVERYONE, even my friends on vacation who were worried sick trying to call AAA to see if my car had broken down.

I had to speak to the sheriff and assure him I was ok. He laughed and told me I was going to be a meme in the morning. It be fumbles me how the police didn’t even bother breaking down the door-they should’ve been the ones thinking clearly. They were just gonna put me on state alert and hope for the best. 

When I finally saw my boyfriend, he hugged me and I felt all the tension in his body that he had to deal with for hours. He was so sweetly clingy to me the next few days. My dad has probably smoked 42 cigarettes. My roughneck teenage baby brother who usually doesn’t like me,  told he loved me for the literal first time ever. He said he prayed 17 times, opened his eyes and started praying again. The older one was too anxious to even speak. Mom was slowly approaching a mental breakdown I have seen too many times. 

I’m so sorry for scaring them like that. While it’s a funny story to tell now, there was nothing funny about their emotions. Please remember to charge your phone if you sleep like a brick.