The night I saved a young girl from harrassment, and possibly something worse! by t2_3jvxjzxr

This is one of those things that stay with you for the rest of your life. I will certainly never forget it, and I don't think the girl will either.

It was back in the summer of 2017. I was living with my friend while I searched for my own place, and I worked at a restaurant which naturally meant I was working late hours on weekends.

My friend's place was about half an hour away from my workplace if you took the subway, but there were also buses going out there, but they went less frequently and took a longer time.

I got off work at 10 pm that night, and nothing out of the ordinary happened. I took the train and everything was cool ... until I realized outside the apartment door that I'd forgotten the key in my locker at work, and my friend had gone away for the entire weekend.

While cursing myself, I started looking for trains and buses to take me back to the city, and while there was a train going there, there were no more going back. My only chance was the last bus for the night which would depart from the central station 15 minutes after I'd arrived back in the city.
(Important note: it takes about 10 minutes to walk from my workplace to the central station at a normal pace, so it was safe to say I was in a hurry.)
It was my only chance, but I had to take it. There were no extra keys to get a hold on.

So, I did it.
I went back to work, found the key, and then started power walking, almost running toward the central station.
Since it was the weekend, I passed a lot of bars pumping loud music and there were drunk people everywhere.

Not far from the station, I turned onto a street that I hoped would spare me time. It was empty apart from a young girl walking by herself a few yards ahead of me.

I am still stressing and walking as fast as I can without running when I realize a guy is following me. He's very close, and sniffing my hair.

Normally, I'd be very uncomfortable, but the stress had raised the adrenaline in my body and I quickly became irritated instead. I turned around and gave the guy the death glare of glares. Maybe he understood I was not to be tampered with at that moment 'cause I'd surely fight back since I was too stressed to feel fear, but he backed off with his hands up in a surrender.

I thought he'd given up, and I continued my power walk. I was right next to the younger girl at that point and when I looked in her direction, I saw the guy had chosen his new target.

He was up right behind her, touching her hair and whispering in her ear, and she clearly didn't like it. She was squirming and tried to walk away, but she was too scared to say no (lots of girls don't because we fear it will trigger the guy to do worse)

I'd had enough of the dude, and I don't know if it was instinct or the adrenaline, but I didn't think or hesitate as I stomped up to them and aggressively shoved him away from the girl. He was bigger than me so the fact that I was able to do it should paint you a picture of how angry I was. I pointed at his face.

"Get the fuck away from her. She doesn't want you to touch her!" I yelled at him, and maybe my words echoing loudly around the empty street made him worry he'd get caught or something, but he retreated. I didn't take my eyes away from him until he had disappeared around the corner of a side street going the opposite direction of where the girl was headed.

Remember, during all of this, I'm still stressing to catch my bus, but I looked at the girl anyway.

"Are you okay?"
She nodded and gave me the most grateful expression I'd ever seen and she silently thanked me.

We parted after that, and I miraculously managed to get to my bus in time.

Wherever this girl is now, I still think of her to this day and hope she's really okay. Who knows what would have happened if my adrenaline hadn't been pumping!