Why are we afraid of fear by t2_4qnotqh4

Why are we afraid of fear? 

We as humans, are afraid of so many things, in fact some people let fear rule their life. I know that feeling personally, for years I stayed in a horribly abusive marriage because of fear.

I was afraid he would take my girls, I was afraid of what he would do or take away from me. I was afraid of what people would say, they all thought I had it made, that I had the perfect marriage and family. I was afraid I couldn't make it on my own, how was I going to support myself and my girls.(that was a big, big one!)

Fear kept me stuck for years, I was so afraid of change that I stood there in that miserable marriage so unhappy. I was dying inside, more and more each day but even that wasn't enough to make me change. 

Yes, fear keeps us hostage in our own life. The fear of being vulnerable, of showing our feelings, of telling others the truth, fear of being alone (oh another big one there!) 
Fear of telling someone you love them, fear of opening up, fear of being hurt again. Some people let fear take over their whole lives and it goes to the extreme, they can't leave their homes, they can't drive or even walk outside.

We even have names for fears, that's how many fears we have nowadays. "Phobia" is a subdivision of fear, how about that? 
A name for different kinds of fears, we have given life to fears, a phobia of spiders, a phobia of crying, even a phobia of getting peanut butter stuck to the roof of your mouth, it's called Arachibutyrophobia. Yes, I am not lying, I learned that one in Mr Monaco's health class in 10th grade and still remember it because of how stupid it was. 

We are letting fear rule us into not living life and what is so bad? What do we fear the most? The unknown. .. Yes that is what we fear most, the unknown. What if it's not as good? What if I can't make it or do it. What if....fill in the blanks with your own fear. 

But what if it's better than you've ever dreamed? What if you're incredibly happy? What if it was the best decision you ever made?
If I would have known how happy, how peaceful and how much joy I have found since my divorce, I would have done this year's ago! 

Yes, I gave up things, but all the material things I had wasn't making me happy, so what difference did they make?
Look at the big picture here people! Things don't fill your soul,a big house doesn't make you happier. No, you just get to cry yourself to sleep on nicer sheets, that's all.

So today my friends, let go of fear, kick it to the curb, tell it, that it will no longer control your life. You are in control of your destiny, not fear. The biggest lesson I learned is that life is too short! Do it now! Don't live with regrets, with what ifs. 
Step out of faith and embrace change, trust me it is an amazing feeling to be totally free of fear. 

*Be the change you want to see"

"And just when the caterpillar thought his life over...he turned into a beautiful butterfly"

#treadmilltreats 

#Theblessingindisguise