My Portland vacation: free weed from a tinder match, throwing up on myself at a party, a crack head challenged me to a dance battle in a 711, and my friend had a "coming to Jesus moment" while locked out of the hotel pool. by t2_44zmz6pd

So, a little back story I used to live in a town close to Portland Oregon growing up but moved to Tennessee about 3 years ago. I had one friend I kept in contact with everyday since I moved aka my best friend we'll call him K because he has a bit of an embarrassing part in this too. So my family plans a trip out there to visit old neighbors, my brother, and K. So before I even get there me and K are planning some chaotic ass shit, there's this FAT ASS party happening in Portland the weekend I'm coming, so I hit up the guy hosting it and jokingly said "it better be good I'm coming from Tennessee" and he thought I was specifically coming for this party, so he knew what I looked like and was going to be expecting me there. So me and K are pumped up but we our social anxiety is bad so we need some weed before the party, he doesn't know any dealers and I haven't spoken to anyone in that state besides him in years so I go on tinder and swipe on every single dude asking if they sell, one dude I match with says he does and he said he'd give me a G for a Dutch Bros coffee, FREE WEED FUCK YEAH, now I am aware this was a bad idea but I make bad decisions, K is super sketched out but I'm hella excited we go get the coffee, get myself a hot chocolate, and K a drink and wait for him, this dude pulls up and gives me a PILL BOTTLE full of dispensary weed and is just like there you go, MY MAN THIS IS LIKE 10g's (it was bigger than a pill bottle but the shape with a pop off lid, and he is just like yeah. So I am so happy at this point this trip is going more than amazing, and then he offers to drive us to a smoke shop to get wraps, IS THIS GOD IN HUMAN FORM????? So he takes us and me and this angel sent from weed heaven havent spoke since. So this party starts at 10 it's about 8 right when we get to the shop and K insists we get there at 930 because there will be a line, so we get in our uber to Portland me and him are losing our minds at what just happened, and then we get to the venue... When I say this looked like a trap house my lord, it was bad. He stopped and said here you are and me and K are both confused this is NOT what was advertised at all super super bad part of Portland too. I say are you sure and he laughs and says yeah, so we get out, not a single person or car was there and there were tweakers everywhere. For reference we are both 18, I'm small, and K is not very threatening looking so we kind of die on the inside for a minute. I'm scared shitless and K has to pee so we walk down the street to a 711. This 711 had about 15 tweakers standing in front of the door just doing their tweaker thing, I walk in and stand at the register talking to the clerk while K is in the bathroom, I'm asking this dude if we should leave because it doesn't seem safe and this guy walks in, obviously on something with a backpack on, the clerk tells him to put it by the door store policy and the guy says "WHYYYYY THE FUCK SHOULD I TAKE MY BAG OFF FOR YOUUUUUUUUUUU?" The other clerk walks up and says your fucked up man over and over and the dude throws his backpack at the wall and leaves... Without his bag... So I look outside the window and accidentally make eye contact with this tweaker dude, no shirt, no shoes, khaki pants that have been torn off at the knee by hand and he starts dancing while staring into my soul, like a tweaker mating ritual, he was waving his arms and doing fancy little spins but I declined. Finally K comes back and we walk back to the venue to see if anyone's there yet. 2 people are there, the security guards so we are completely calmed down these dudes are strapped we are safe so we go smoke behind a dumpster, and oh man. We get into the party, buy a hookah. Warning for all, if you are lactose do NOT drink a hot chocolate right before smoking a hookah and a blunt. I was so out of it that I could feel I was going to throw up but I just sat there and accepted my fate. I look at K and all hell breaks loose, MY HOT CHOCOLATE DECEIVED ME. All over my favorite adidas jacket, all over the couch. But nobody but K saw so I dumped that jacket and stayed for 2 more hours, I was that ass hole. As I went to the bathroom to clean up after I threw up K went to pee, we sat back down at a different couch and he immediately grabs my arm and says "I just pissed myself" "how you literally just peed" "I DONT KNOW" we both laugh at eachother and it was the best night ever. I still miss that jacket. So the next day we smoke again and my dumb ass thinks it's a good idea to get in the hotels hottub, well we're locked out the key won't work so I fell very very high K to stay there and not go anywhere while I get the key fixed, maybe 2 minutes go by I come back and K is nearly in tears, he said while I was away he imagined himself talking to himself right there in front of the locked pool door and says he was flying with himself. I'm a bit freaked out but we go in anyway, we get in the hottub and I guess the heat just made K go Into sensory deprivation mode and he just sat there with his mouth open not moving I make him get out and take a nap to sober up because obviously he couldn't hang with big lungs here. It was an eventful 2 days to say the least.