His Autism Was Used As An Excuse For His Sexual Assault by t2_1q6eeh99

At the time, I was 11. I was going through life, like any kid. It was my first year of Middle School and it was different from Elementary. There were different kids, especially kids older than me.

Our school had interesting rules and schedules. We had to do gym everyday, which I was pretty chill with it since I loved P.E. in Elementary. With our gym class, the 6th graders and 8th graders had the class together. I never really understood it but I considered it to be the “freedom” my relatives told me about.

We would play games with the 8th graders — which is how I met him. That’s how I met Patrick. We became friends and would talk about gaming, older music, and school.

Throughout the school year, we would learn different sports. We would learn how to play Soccer, Basketball, Baseball. and Tennis. One of the first sports we learned was Tennis.

I got paired with Patrick and it went well, at first. We would hit the mitten back and forth to each other. I struggled sometimes with hitting it, so Patrick decided to help me.

He got really close to me and wrapped his arms around my waist, guiding the tennis racket. His hands touched my wrists, while he suddenly began to breathe heavily into my neck. I began to feel uncomfortable, trying to get away from his grasp. I made an excuse and got away from him, telling him, “We can continue the lesson later, I need to use the bathroom.”

I was terrified, panicked, and confused. I didn’t really understand his reasoning to holding me that tight, while breathing on my neck. I tried to shake it off but each day after that day seemed to be more unbearable and uncomfortable.

Some days, he would break into a song about sex/making love. Then the other days, he would just be really clingy and would constantly be near me. Weeks went on and the uncomfortable feeling wouldn’t go away. I didn’t want to tell of him because he was a lot taller than me, a lot older than me, and I felt like I was overreacting.

He began to notice me avoiding him. I would hang with my other guy friends, Joey, Cole, and Chris. Joey was very protective of me because him and I had a really close relationship. Joey didn’t really like Patrick and got weird vibes from him, just like me.

Patrick didn’t like that I was avoiding him. He seemed to be angry and upset with me. It only grew stronger because during our games of dodgeball, he would direct the ball at me — often hitting my face and my glasses flying off my face. Joey would often do his best to protect any hits from Patrick but sometimes it was hard.

I still continued to avoid Patrick as much as possible but that didn’t stop him. He would still do whatever it took to be near me and one day, he went the extreme...

He touched my boobs and groped them afterwards. I didn’t know how to react. I just kinda froze in fear but pushed him away, giving him this look. A look of disgust and confusion.

Throughout the next few weeks, he did it 1-2 more times and even jokingly would touch my thighs. I already had anxiety and panic attacks — but my mental health went from 100 to a 0, real quick. I started to fake being sick and staying home, just wanting to be alone and away from society.

My parents began to notice me crying more often, especially when they took me to the doctor and the doctors would say: “She isn’t sick, she’s fine, she can go back to school.”

They were wrong. I was sick. My chest hurt, my body shivered, I hardly could sleep, I felt like I was stepping on needles, I couldn’t eat without getting nauseated and feeling like I couldn’t eat. It got so bad that I lost 25-30 pounds in 2 weeks!

My parents knew something was wrong so they took me to the doctor. I had to start answering questions and being honest, soon revealing my symptoms and what had happened at school.

My parents were angry, especially since my mom revealed that Patrick’s family was close friends with my Uncle. I was truly freaked out. Did that mean Patrick would be apart of my life forever?

It made me even more anxious and I had to be given steroids to get my appetite to come back. I was almost starving myself, feeling sick at any thought of Patrick. This wasn’t the end, it was just the beginning. I had to tell the school what was going on and that scared me. I didn’t want to even talk about it anymore because it hurt. I had to, though. I had to overcome it and let him get the consequences he deserved.

It wasn’t an easy process. At first, they just had the teachers “watch” us and make sure we didn’t talk but that didn’t stop anything. He still would stare at me and run over wanting to sing, “We Are The Champions”

He taunted me with that song. It felt like a drum, echoing at each beat. My anxiety began to get worse and we ended up back with the principal discussing precautions. That’s when everything backlashed.

“He can’t help his actions, he has autism.”

The anger boiled from my mom, wanting to slap the principal but she controlled herself. My dad was even angrier, openly cussing the principal out.

So, you probably know how the story ends. The whole thing got dismissed, I finished the rest of the school year and he finally left, graduating middle school and becoming a high school student. It was hard. My stomach was constantly in knots, but I made it.