Almost Sexually Assaulted on Acid by t2_8c8kx1ya

About a month ago I dropped acid for the first and last time. I was at a friends house, who at the time I thought was a straight dude like myself. He gave me a high dose of three tabs and he only took one, this should’ve been a red flag considering he was very experienced in psychedelics, but at the time I had no reason to suspect this friend of any malice. About an hour in and I was having a great time until this “friend” told me that I could become an inter dimensional god if I had gay sex with him, and if I refused I would be braindead for the rest of my life due to already being introduced to inter dimensional universe. After some careful thought (about as careful as a mind can be on acid) I decided this seemed like a fishy way to become an inter dimensional god. So I politely informed him to fuck off. Later that night (keep in mind I was stuck at this guys house and definitely couldn’t drive safely) he began touching me very weirdly. I told him to stop, but he wouldn’t, even while I was trying to sleep (we had to share a bed). Eventually, I had to move to the hard floor without a blanket to try and get some shut eye. At some point I look up and he was blankly staring at me while was trying to sleep. I again told him to stop but he wouldn’t move. At this point I was completely fed up with his shit and punched him square in the face. He immediately ran to his closet and closed the door crying, acting as if I only punched because he was gay, which was completely untrue I couldn’t have cared less if he was gay it was just the fact that he was trying to fuck me while I was in very inebriated state and he was borderline sober. Eventually, after a sleepless night I was finally sober enough to get the hell out of there. I cut off all communications with this creep, and warned some of my close friends to never hang out and/or get intoxicated around this guy. This experience was the tipping point that led me to getting completely sober and getting my act together. I know this isn’t usually a questions sub, but I have to get opinions on whether or not I overreacted. Sorry for the weird post I just needed to vent a little bit.