How my parents met. 35 years later, my father is terminally ill. by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

My dad has end stage colon cancer, my mom was talking to me last night about the full story about how they met and I’d thought I’d share. 

My mom was born in Dublin Ireland to 18 Siblings and very poor. After high school my mom did odd jobs as a nanny for rich families for short periods of time in places like Spain and Germany. Her friend had a job in America as a nanny and wanted to back out of the job and asked my mom if she wanted to take it. My mom got to know the family over the phone (she would have to go to a store to make phone calls) and when she got to know them, she was comfortable enough to meet. When she told her family, they were so mad. They couldn’t believe my mom wanted to leave and how risky it was. 


When my mom got on the plane, she was scared out of her mind. She was only 19. She arrived in new York and the mother picked her up from the airport and left for New Jersey where they lived. She said she loved the family, but the kids were really spoiled. Once it was the weekend and she wasn’t worming, she’d travel to the Bronx and party with the other foreign maids. That’s when she met Ollie, he was basically and friends with benefits situation. And his friend Hugh, who was very interested in my mom. My mom wasn’t interested in Hugh because she said she wasn’t her type. He was a little chubby and older. A few months in, my moms best friend was getting married and wanted my mom to be the maid of honor and to come back to Ireland for a week. 


When my mom came back to Ireland, she felt so homesick. But everything felt very different since she left and her friends were kinda being two faced. However, she missed her old life in Ireland because it’s where she grew up. She began to question wether to stay, or go back to her job in America, but she decided for go back. But she was very adventure seeking and wanted a new life over there. 


When she came back, to her surprise, her fling Ollie ended up with a new girlfriend. And my mom was beyond pissed. Even though they weren’t official or anything, she just was mad it happened so quick. Heartbroken, my mom questioned the choice she made. But then, Hugh came back to see my mom and ask again to go on a date with him and that he really liked her. She decided to give him a chance. 

He took her to the park, my mom was already annoyed since she not an outdoors person lol. But during this date, he told her that no one would love her as much as he would. And that changed the way my mom saw him, she knew what he said was genuine to her. He told her that he didn’t have anything to give her but he’d work hard and love her.

35 years later, 3 children, moved to Florida with amazing job. He gave her that promise. My dad was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer and given a few months left to live. He still works everyday so my mom could get his life insurance , and my mom had health insurance. He said it’s the most he could do for putting up with his shit for all this time lol. But my mom said the money doesn’t matter and wants him to be happy. Once he becomes really bad she’s leaving her job and taking care of him full time because he didn’t want hospice. They are what real love is. There is so much more to this story but it’s the main jist. I hope you guys like it.