I will never take a shit at school, or someone's house. Here's why. by t2_2lrr7ge6

So this takes place back in high school, long time ago. I was in class and I wasn't feeling too good that day. I wish I was kidding, I really do but I'm not. I have a bowel disorder with the intestines, not gonna get into that. But I was in class, didn't shit for about a week and a half if I remember correctly. I had to take a shit. Really fucking bad. My stomach was aching so bad. I would NEVER shit at someones house, or at school.

Except for that day. I thought to myself "Fuck it, I'll take a shit in the bathroom. It's gonna be the biggest shit anyone has seen, but most likely they'll have no idea who it was. So I asked the teacher to use the bathroom, took a hall pass and was on my way. 

I get into that bathroom, nobody was in it a the time (thank god) and immediately run to the stall, close it, lock it, drop my pants and sit on the toilet. About 5-7 seconds later, there it goes. It was thirty seconds of pushing, one came out, and then another one. I could smell the defecation as soon as it hit the water in the toilet, and it was awful. This wasn't going to flush, there's no way. 

But then a student walked in. My heart sank from my chest all the way to my ballsack probably.I was genuinely terrified. The student walked right in. He said "oh god what the fuck is that" he took a piss, and left as quick as possible. I sat on the toilet for the next few minutes. My stomach was aching, but I also felt relief. 

No, I didn't flush it. Didn't even try, I knew it would clog. I didn't want anyone to suspect it was me in even the slightest. I eventually left the bathroom, and walked back to class. I was in there for a bit, so the teacher said I was late on the way back. 

With some quick thinking I tell her "I'm sorry miss, Won't lie to you, my friends walked in and we got caught up in silly conversation" She replies to me "Well, at least you're telling the truth, I appreciate that. But you're behind on work" I went back to my desk, finished my stuff. At the end of the day, nobody had an idea who it was that took this giant shit in the toilet and left it there.

I went home that day, did things a teenager does at home after school, usual shenanigans. Took a piss, video games, half-assed my homework, busted a nut all that stuff. Went back to school the next day. My first thought is "I'm going to that bathroom to see if that shit is still there, if the janitors did anything about it. So I walked in, and that entire stall had a sign that read "out of order" the toilet was closed up and everything.  


 I was dying of laughter, it was absolutely hilarious. I tried so hard to contain my laughter which I did. I thought it was fucking hysterical coming back the next day and seeing that same toilet out of order the next day. It stayed like that for maybe another month. And to this very day, nobody had any idea who did it. This was definitely one of my weirdest, but also funniest HS experiences I've ever had.