Yesterday I was mistaken for advertising. It seemed wonderful for a moment. by t2_pw5to

I'm very large.  Technically I'm a giant.  I'm about 230 cm/7'6" tall and mass about 220 kilos/485 pounds  ('Gigantism due to Pituitary Hyperplasia' if anyone cares).  I'm pretty normally proportioned, just really big.

Naturally I have to make my own clothes.  The good thing about that is I can make the clothes I want instead of the clothes I could find on a rack somewhere if I were normal sized.  So I've made myself some things, especially coats, that have been out of style for a while, just because I like the way they look or the way they feel.

Today I was riding an elevator while wearing a greatcoat over a frock coat (the patterns were from 1820s and 1880s respectively).  One of the tiniest adult women I've ever seen in my life got on between floors.  Her eyes are about the same height as my belt buckle.  My wrists are thicker than her thighs. I'm pretty sure the waistband of her skirt would be too small for my arm. Obviously I'm not going to say one word about someone else's size, but I'm still amazed.

She immediately came over to lean on me.  I was stunned.  All kinds of stuff was going through my head about how vulnerable she was and how trusting she was and what the hell did this behavior mean and holy crap her whole neck would fit inside one of my hands and  she looks so fragile that she might break just by accident if I move carelessly, and had she just heard something about me being a nice guy and was she coming on to me and why would she.... 

And then I took a breath, which she felt because she was leaning on me. She yelped, whirled around, jumped back, goggled upward, and spluttered for a few seconds.  I realized she hadn't processed my bulk as a human presence.  In her mind I had been some kind of advertising display for a steampunk clothing outlet or something. Something safe.

However bizarre it would have been for her to actually extend the kind of trust I thought she had, and share the tiny intimacy of her touch with a stranger, I was so disappointed that it hurt - bordering on serious hurt - to realize that it had only been done by mistake.

I smiled the calmest, friendliest smile I could muster and said 'hello.'