Pepsi saved my life when I was run over by a semi truck by t2_7589u

Idk where to post this. It isn't fiction, but idk where to put it w/o taking pics of my boob/arm scars.

This happened in 1999, so last year was the 20th anniversary of this accident.  I fucking just had one of those close zoom in on the face moments when I realized how I lived in what otherwise should have been a totally fatal accident.  I need to tell someone, 20 years is a long time but this is also a totally random thing to spark up in a convo.  


Sooo, I was run over by a semi truck.  On the second to last day of 7th grade.  On field trip day.  I was riding my bike to school, I'd just stopped off at the grocery store to get a 1ltr of Pepsi for the bus on ✨⭐️Field trip day⭐️✨ and I had cut across a bank parking lot in the grocery center to resume my route to school.  I had a green light to go, I saw a big ass semi truck with what I thought were emergency blinkers going parallel with me on the side walk.  I went into the intersection.  

As I rode  into the crosswalk I saw the truck pass in front of me.  Shit slowed down like the matrix, already in a massive adrenaline rush from just being in that moment.  It wasn't an emergency light.  He was turning and I couldn't stop.

I saw the bed pass, then part of the trailer.  I was a dumb 12 year old, I always fucking froze up when I needed to catch a ball.  I always fucking froze up.  I got at least 2 concussions as a kid because I couldn't bail on a sled.  And "that kid" was on a collision course with a semi truck armed with a huffy bike.  I say this because I sure didn't do some ninja shit.  I kept rolling the >10 feet untIl slammed into the trailer.  

I rolled under the truck.  I was still using super focus time and it felt like I had a quick time event to react.  I sat there looking at this wheel coming at me.  It was the drivers side wheel, and that was weird.  I fell really far forward or he turned very tight.  I thought that was so weird, but I had room to roll in towards the center, I think. Away from the wheels.  The big tires were coming.  I was about to rollaway and I wasn't totally   sure I knew the tires path. 

 I stopped.  What if I was wrong?  What if I took my eyes off the wheels and they weren't going straight.  They just turned, they aren't going to be straight.  What if I rolled over and my left hand, while I couldn't see the tire, was hit?  I want to be an artist.  I'm going to be an animator.  I can't do that if my hand is steam rolled!  

The tire was still coming.  I was frozen in fear, I thought: "I can deal with no right arm" like the idiot I was.  I am fucking ambidextrous and ONLY use my left hand for writing/drawing.  The right does everything else.  

The tire went over me.  I turned my head away as far as I could and I felt the tire roll over my upper torso and arm.

It was so fucking close to my face I had a rubber streak on my cheek and my hair got matted.  It was like I ROLLED when it was over me, like an old timey clothes dryer.  Like the one from little mermaid with the two wheels that you feed clothes through.


I WAS THE FUCKING CLOTHES.  HOOOLEY FUCK.  My 1ltr of Pepsi™️ was under me, it pushed me through the tire faster.  It helped my place be movable under the tire.  Instead of pushing down and grinding my meat to pulp, the tire and Pepsi bottle rolled me between them.

Bottle didn't explode but had a ton of distortion on it.

I drank it in the hospital, since I had it with me.

Thanks bepsi. Imma honk my fake tiddy for you.



Tldr; great life pro tip to dry a 12 yr old on the go!  You just need 1 dually set of semi truck tires + a soda bottle!! (Pepsi preferable)