My birth by t2_a9svfnud

I’m not really sure why I’ve decided to post this. I suppose it’s an entertaining in a reality tv, white trash kinda way. (On mobile so sorry for any weirdness)

I (26f) was born in a barn. Why you ask? Well my mother had my older sister earlier than she should have (17) and immediately got pregnant with me. Now she was raised by my grandfather who was strict scary and racist (important for later). When my grandmother suspected the second pregnancy she told my mother that she needs to get an abortion. 

Now granted I’m glad to be here but part of me agrees with my grandmother’s reasoning. My mother had fallen in with the wrong crowd and at 17 with a child and a developing drug problem she was in no position for a second kid when the first was being raised by grandma. 

So my mother just denies that she is pregnant. She wore baggy clothes and stayed out of the house as much as possible. But she denied being pregnant with everyone not just my grandparents with my dad, aunt, her friends. No one knew for sure but most people suspected of course.

Now my grandma isn’t stupid she knew my mother was staying out and partying and doing all kinds of things you should not do while carrying a child. My grandmother assumed she would have a miscarriage and she might learn her lesson. 

Well that didn’t happen. One day my mom spent the day taking my older sister for rides on our horse. And went into labor later that day. So I was born in the barn that had been converted into an office area. 

My grandmother delivered me and I was estimated at being 5 weeks early with jaundice and severe bruising (due to the horse ride). Now by the time the ambulance got to the property I was already out and my grandfather was pissed. 

Because I was so bruised up I looked like I had a very dark complexion. Now my grandfather being the person he was thought my mother was with a African American man and while the EMTs were making sure she was ok he was looking for his shotgun. (I’d like to note that I didn’t know him well as a child and the one memory I have before he got cancer was going fishing for the day so I didn’t know he was racist til much later). 

So one EMT is working on my mom the other is holding my grandfather back and tiny me was left in the ambulance wrapped in one of those silver blankets (idk what they are called). 

At this point my grandmother is helping calm my grandfather down and my aunt is just getting home from school. 

She heard the yelling and saw the ambulance with the doors wide open and tiny me freezing on the metal table. She picked me up and sat in the ambulance until the EMTs came back to rush us to the hospital. 

Once my mother and I left to the hospital she called my dad who was at work (dad is 10 years older than my mom. they were not dating since my mom found out she was pregnant) and told him to go to the hospital to meet his daughter. 

And that is how I was born in all it’s white trash glory.