White guy going to a black family's barbeque by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

TLDR: best fucking barbeque of my life.

You can think its racist, check your feelings because I sure as fuck won't. 

So I was dating this black girl, as a white guy, so it's a little weird sometimes anyway (yeah I know it shouldn't be, but it is)

After a couple months she asks me to a family barbeque. 

I'm like, shit...I love barbeque and I think I love you too!

WRONG!

We show up around 3pm and its basically a record scratching to a halt when I walk in the house.   

"Whats up guys? I'm a white guy!"

After about 2 seconds, its like I don't even exist....so that's better than how it was.

My girl is nowhere to be found and I'm just kind of looking around for her and whatnot when the oldest woman who can still ambulate in the history of earth comes up to me and chastised me for wearing my shoes in the house. 

I apologize and take them off.

A group of some of the toughest looking dudes I've seen saw what happened and are laughing and wave me over to their table.  

"That's just Me-Maw, don't mind her...she keeps it clean.  You ever play spades nigga?"

Me: "Yeah, a couple times"

(I been locked up a couple times, I know the basics but that's about it)

So we're playing spades and I'm fucking it up bad. My partner is pissed.

Finally finish that and I'm out in the yard smoking with one of the dudes from the spades game and he jokingly mentions "hey, we should go get some henn right quick"

Idk wtf he's talking about but I'm the outsider here so I just kinda follow him.

Going to his car, he pops the trunk and he's got a bottle of liquor there....and glasses, and pours me a drink. 

Hennessey, hen, I get it now.

We do probably 5 shots at his car and go back to the party stumbling and shit and I swear to God, the oldest black dude I've ever seen is passing out burgers and chicken and telling everyone to eat a dick about it.  He slams some on my plate and the old lady from earlier puts some coleslaw on my plate as well and I go sit down to eat and its the best fucking food I've ever had in my life.

Barbeque? Homemade ass coleslaw AND Potato salad? 

Hell yeah, especially after the buzz I caught from the Hennessey guy.

I'm pretty sure i did more shots of Hennessey with that guy and played a few more rounds of spades.  I don't know though. 

All I remember after that is my gf, the next morning, saying her family liked me but I didn't bring anything and need to bring something next time.