My classmate is obsessed with my grades by t2_83chk10m

So there's a girl in my class, who we'll call Andy. We've been in the same class for a year now. We've always been pretty normal with eachother,  but that kinda changed. After every 2ish breaks our class gets new places to sit in the classroom (I live in the Netherlands so the school system there is different), so Andy got to sit infront of me. I sit next to a good friend of mine and she sits next to a friend of hers. We sometimes help eachother with homework during class but nothing else really. 

Later on, she started acting a lil off. She kept asking stuff about my grades. I'm completely fine with someone asking about how I'm doing with school and what grades I get, but this just got a lil weird. She kept on asking about it, like, almost every day. You see, until now I haven't really had any bad grades yet, even though the rest of the class has a lot of bad grades, especially at the beginning of the school year. I guess that's why she found it interesting. Her asking about it kinda kept on going. I just answered her questions and moved on with my day. 

One time I was just chilling in computer class and she just kept on asking questions if my test went well and what I got for a specific subject. This also happend today during math. But this time it was a little bit different. She asked me what I got for math. I didn't get a too high of a grade for it, but I was happy with it. Once I told her, she just started..cheering? I was kinda confused because why would u cheer at that? Welp, turned out she got a higher score than me.

I really don't know why she's so obsessive about my grades but I guess she's just comparing hers to mine (which is, in my opinion, a lil weird since we're not close or anything like that). 

Anyways, this is kinda a boring story but I still wanted to write it. Hope you enjoyed it though! I'll update the story if something interesting happens. 

Bye :)

Edit: She stopped asking about my grades, mostly because my country went back in lockdown, so I don't really have any contact with her. I did speak to my friends that are in the same class about it, and they said she also does this to them. She was probably just curious and wanted to compare her grades to different people. At the time I wrote the story I was pretty annoyed because she kept repeadetily asking me these things, but it's alright now!