My 7 year old daughter is over here questioning her reality. by t2_bjp9ru5x

 I guess the main personality traits I have passed on to my 7 year old daughter is anxiety, curiosity, and existentialism. She is over here questioning her reality, totally unprompted, at 8pm on a Wednesday with no discernable immediate trigger. 🤦‍♀️   
GUYS, I WASNT PREPARING FOR THIS CONVERSATION FOR ANOTHER 5-10 YEARS.   
In the middle of making her a peanut butter and jelly while she was quietly playing by herself she totally lost it for about 10 minutes in which I had to stop halfway through to calm her down. Luckily for her, I'm incredibly experienced in the subject of "questioning my reality" (and hyperfixating for months on end, on Youtube videos of philosophy, physics, and quantum mechanics)  so I feel I was well suited to answer her questions. 😅 She started borderline freaking out and questioning me. Here's how our conversation went:  
 "Mom? How do you know if the world is real?"   
\- Uhhhhhhhhh \*trying to process whether I heard that correctly\* Wellllll......... That's a very intelligent and profound question. Do you think it's real?  
"I dunno. But.......... \*rapid firing\* what if I'm alone and every peoples is not real but I just think them as real?" ... "Or if I'm not real?" .... "Is all this stuff real?" ... "Are you real mom?????" "Mom MOM.. Are you real?"  
\- Well... I thinks so. I definitely feel real. I think, and see the world. I have ideas and feelings, I perceive, and learn and create things, just like you. I feel like that makes me real.   
"But do you see the world from........ like from here? Like in your head, like from your eyes?" \*Says this as she points to her forehead\* 🤦‍♀️   
\- Yes Mars and I think everyone feels the same way you do sometimes. We all have our own experience just like you are  having now.  
"But mom are you sure you're real?"  
\- Well there was this old man that lived a long long time ago named Descartes (Full disclosure: I incorrectly named Socrates at the time when I should've known better lol) that says, "I think therefore, I am." Do you understand what that means? \* I then went to a great length explaining that in a way a 7 year old could understand which I will spare you from reading. I then explained that over all we are all the same being experiencing the universe in many many different ways.  
I then gave her a bite of my bagel with strawberry cream cheese and she told me it tasted better than peanut butter and jelly. So I asked her if it tasted real. She said yes. So I said, well since I made it, I must be real too then.  
She is fine now and has since calmed down and is now playing quietly in her room cause she thinks it will help her avoid going to bed. I think this may stem from a video I showed her yesterday that she was really interested in. The video compared the sizes of things in the universe ranging from the smallest quarks to as large as the observable universe because she was trying to comprehend how big and far away the sun was and whether people were small or large. When the video got to atoms I tried to explain to her that  atoms were what made up everything in the universe, I told her you, my computer, the sun, mother earth, the stars, the air you breathe, germs like the corony-virus, food, toys, and water..... Its all made of atoms. That kinda blew her mind. lol.  
Honestly I knew she had trouble falling asleep at night sometimes (I've also dealt with this my whole life) but I really didn't think these were the types of questions keeping her up at night already. 🥴😅