I Almost Had an "Encounter" With a Dude by t2_69ybcwaf

TL;DR I was chatting with what I thought was woman, we set up a playdate and everything but luckily I found out it was really a dude.

So I was online looking for some fun when I found this post from somebody nearby, the title was "Looking For Fun" so immediately I was interested. I assumed they were were a woman so I didn't worry that much. We started exchanging basic information, what we looked like where we were from they asked how big if I was hung so I answered honestly "I'm not really sure, I'm 7" long and 5.5" around" to which they replied "mmmm".  I figured that whas big enough for "her".

By this time I was fully invested, we started deciding where we were going to meet what we wanted to do (it turns out gay guys and straight women like a lot of similar things, lol). 

Then a bit later our convo was in a bit of a lull. I realized I forgot to ask a very crucial question. I asked "How old are you btw". They answered with an age that is much higher than my own. They asked if that wad too old, and I'm not really into older chicks so I said, "You're not too old, but your old enough to be my mom and that's a bit weird to me". A minute passes and I receive a message reading " you know I'm a guy right". When I read that I burst out laughing,  I just spent 20 minutes getting ready to meet a woman, that turned out to be a dude. I couldn't believe it. I kindly told my new man-friend that I was comepletely unaware of that, and he was very understanding about the whole thing. I told him "I'm not gay, but if I were I wouldn't hesitate to duck his butt." We had a nice little chat afterwards about our predicament. He said "I sound like a nice young man and that whatever woman I end up with is going to be one lucky girl". I've been so isolated lately that those words really struck home, it was the nicest thing an older gay man has ever said to me. In the end he wished me luck in my quest and I wished him luck in his hunt. 

Looking back I'm glad I almost accidently hooked up with a dude.