In my military uniform, I bought cigarettes while I was underage by t2_17kcw3

This happened a while back. Not too crazy, but when I think about it, I realize how stupid I was for my bashfulness lol

A few years ago, around December, I had enlisted into the Army National Guard. When I enlisted, I had recently turned 17, so I guess you could say I joined as early as I could. While in the guard, I attended these monthly drills (training events) in order to strengthen my body, and learn lots of useful information before I would be sent to Basic Combat Training in the summer. One of my sergeants would give me a ride each month to the drills because we lived in the same town, and she was good friends with my mom. Carpooling made more sense for what was roughly a 1.5 to 2 hour drive.

One of those months, I woke up early in the morning to make the 8' o clock formation time. My Sgt would pick me up around 6. So, I wake up, and put on the uniform that was issued to me by my state's National Guard unit. She picked me up, and we head out. About 30 minutes later, we're going through a neighborhing town, and we stopped at a gas station.

She exclaimed that she was in a rush and was out of regs, (out of regulations) as in, she was wearing slippers with a uniform. She said she was gonna put her boots on when we made it to the armory, but we're a bit strapped for time, so she wants me to go in. I think, sure I can go in. I ask, "What do you want?"

She said she would like some Newports, the blue ones. 

I gave her a puzzled look and was like, "... Are you sure?" (In my state, at the time, 18 was the legal age to purchase tobacco products)

She said, "Yeah I'm sure, now go ahead, I don't want you to be late." She handed me a $20 bill. I assumed she knew what she was asking of me, since she follows my mom's Facebook, and should be well aware that I had just turned 17. As a teen, I was too shy to speak up about the matter, so I just went with it.

I got out of the car, walked into the gas station, and said, "Can I get 2 packs of the Newport's? Uh.. The blue ones?"

The cashier rang me up and said, "Can I see some ID?"

At this point, I'm a bit worried, but I just told myself, "Well, this E-6 sort of gave me an order, so it's not REALLY my fault."

I reached into my left breast pocket, and handed him my military ID. He examined it, flipped it around, and saw that I'm only 17. He said, "Uhh, I don't think I can sell you these." 

"Oh come on, I'm in uniform," I say, a little nervously while gesturing to my clothes, "Can't you help me out here?" 

Hesitantly, he said, "Well... Alright, but just this once."

To my surprise, I bought the cigarettes, this being my first time, and I carried them back to the car. I get in, hand the cigarettes and the remainder of the money to her, and we begin driving off.

She said, "So, they had the blue Newports there? Nice." 

I said, "Yes Sgt, I'm a bit surprised they sold it to me. But, I got them like you asked."

She glanced at me sideways, and said, "Surprised? Why would you be? Did he give you a hard time?"

I answered, "Well, yes. I'm only 17."

She widened her eyes and said, "Wait, you're only 17?!"

"Yes Sgt, I thought you knew."

"No I didn't know! Why would you buy these if you're underage? Especially in uniform?!"

"Well, Sgt... You told me to. That's why"

She sighed, laughed a little, and said, "I can't believe you did that. Do NOT tell your mom about this. She would kill me if she knew I had you buy cigarettes." 

I chuckled a bit, and said, "Yes Sgt."