I was pregnant with a demon child and gave birth to it... at 9 years old. by t2_682iy23h

Hullo reddit, boiii do I have a story for you ;) hold on tight 👁👁 this happened a decade ago (I'm 19 now) but to this day I still laugh every damn time I think about it. Enjoy ~ (TL;DR at the bottom)

I was born into a Catholic family, and like most good Christian children I was very clueless and innocent about many things (sex education in particular). Now at that time I had a friend, let's call her Jace. I was 9 and she was 11, so a 2-year age gap. I looked up to Jace as a big sister, hence I believed everything that came out of her mouth-

-and I mean _EVERYTHING_

So one day Jace came over for a sleepover and obviously I was really excited about it. Come night time and it was time for a shower. She went first. (Note: back then as children it was perfectly fine for us to be in the bathroom together as long as we were all girls, but on that particular night I just felt like showering seperately. This will come in later in the story.)

After she was done, I had my shower and all was well...

...until I came out and she told me it was past 10 o'clock and that I should _never_ shower past 10 o'clock. I was confused because it's not like I've never showered past 10. The following conversation ensued:

Jace: OP, did you know that if you shower after 10 you will be pregnant with a demon child?

Me: Huh? But that can't be! I've showered after 10 before and I never got pregnant!

Jace: Yeah well you're pregnant now

Me: ...but I'm only 9!

Jace: Doesn't matter, you will give birth tomorrow morning

She then explains to me that she can "see" the child (because she has special powers or something like that) and that the baby will be born either pitch black or invisible. I had some knowledge of pregnancy then so I asked why I didn't have to wait 9 months. She pointed out that it was the child of the devil we're talking about. I remember being so worried about how I was gonna raise this child as a child myself, I even asked her how about college 😭😂 to which she promised me she would take care of his (yup, a boy!) tertiary education.

As we were getting ready for bed, Jace assured me that she would be my midwife, essentially helping me to give birth later in the bathroom; and coincidentally we were going swimming the next day so she told me she would help me baptise the child too.

Morning comes and we were told to get change and this time we got into the bathroom together. As I said before, it was normal for us since we were still kids. The only thing not normal was the fact that Jace made me lie down on the floor, spread my legs and told me to push. When the baby was finally "born", she told me he was invisible! And all this while I thought I was going to get a pitch black demon baby with horns...

My sister eventually knocked on the door because we've been "changing" for the last half hour. Sadly that also meant our swimming time was cut short :') at the pool, Jace instructed me to hold the so-called baby and dip it into the water as she called on the Light of Heaven, whatever the hell that means. I have no idea how but she managed to convince me that the angels and doves of God came down to bless the baptism of my firstborn demon son. We said some prayers, the Our Father, Hail Mary and Glory Be and then she was gonna perform a couple more rituals when my sister called from hither, "time to go home!" I was so sad because we didn't even get to swim :( I sacrificed my playtime for my child dammit!

Anyways, we awkwardly went back to my place with her carrying the child behind me so as not to arouse suspicion. Once in the bedroom, we left him somewhere on the bed unsupervised and ran off to play (mhnm no surprise there). Finally when it was time to sleep and after I tucked my son in, she confessed; she had been joking all along and somehow I fell for the entire thing.

Suffice to say that I never believed a word she said ever again.


TL;DR - Friend convinces me that I got pregnant with a demon child because I entered the bathroom after 10pm. I believed her and the next day she helped me deliver the baby on the bathroom floor. We then baptised the invisible "child" in the swimming pool with the Light of Heaven ?? only for her to confess later on that she had been joking all along.