I nearly killed a pedophile, I'm mad that i didn't. by t2_8xrfuqrx

Im 15.
I live in the Philippines.
The Philippines always has problems with police, corruption, the government, and most importantly pedophilia.

This happened around 2 months ago, 10 days before Christmas.
I went outside with a small, but sharp butterfly knife
Mainly because there have been reports of men in motorcycles stealing your stuff.
I went outside to buy some things, then i saw my friend with this old man. 

The old man looked around 50 or something and was a foreigner, which was uncommon. 
I was worried since the old man just walked up to my friend and started talking to him. 
I didn't intervene in the conversation but i watched. 
I watched silently. 

They talked for like 30 minutes or something and after that, they crossed the street. 
I was suspicious, i followed but i didn't make it look obvious

The old man held my friend's (who is 9) hand tightly and he clearly didn't like that. 
It looked like he was being forced and harrased by this creep so i intervened. 

I walked up to him and i ask him what is he doing. 
He replied with "none of your business" 
Then proceeded to forcefully push my friend in the back of the car. 

I immediately try to push the old man out of the way. 
He replied with "what are you doing with my son!? Are you a kidnapper or something?" 

I know my friend for years, i was there when he was born. Heck, i even offered to become his Ninong (a filipino thing). I know his parents, this old man wasn't his parent nor his grandparent nor his uncle or whatever. 

I replied with" yeah, sure. His parents are literally my neighbors. And you are not his parents"
I then proceeded to carry my friend out of the car. 

He then pushed me to the ground and grabbed my friend and put him in the pasesenger seat. 
He then went on to the driver's seat and tried to scram. 

I was fortunately close to his car when he pushed me. So i got up as fast as i could and went straight to the driver seat window. 
Obviously, i grabbed my knife. I stabbed him
Its the first time i stabbed someone with the knife that i had for years. 
I stabbed him in the shoulder twice. I was gonna stab his neck, but then the other bystanders got in and broke it up. 

Police came, i told the police that the old guy was about to kidnap my friend. I then called the parents. 
The parents then said that they are not related nor know the old man. 

Police confiscated my knife but didn't put any charges on me. 
The old guy however, got charged with attempted kidnapping and assault. 

I swear to god, i was gonna kill this man without regret. Jail or not, he deserves to die in my eyes