My father still blames me for our accidental house fire by t2_pjeo4ksx

Little backstory.

I (26F) grew up in the countryside. Great childhood all around, with my two brothers, father and stepmother. We lived in a two-story house smack in the middle of absolutely nowhere, which could be tedious at times. The house was OLD, like really really old, it had been in the family for years. So a very nice and very important house, for all of us. I decided to get a part-time job when I was 17. I got a job at the local supermarket a few miles away. I'd have to take a bus to get there. My stepmom worked as a nurse and my father was a greenhorn at the fishery, so they weren't home all that much.

So as I said, I had to take a bus to get to my job in time. The bus trip took well over two hours to and fro. I started with very few shifts, but eventually moved my way up to more and more shifts, which meant less time for me to be at home. But more time away from home means more money, right?

My co-workers are fucking amazing. They're like my second family. We regularly hang out and go out to dine and chill together. My father has never cared much for my after-work antics, and lets me do my stuff in peace without complaining.

Not anymore.

I still vividly remember that day. I'd been on an early shift, like "ass o'clock shift" early. My co-workers all suggested we'd hang out together after our shift because one of our close friends were moving away soon. So we wrapped up our shift, went to the closest restaurant, and had the time of our lives. (Note: i MESSAGED my father to tell him I went out with the gals after work. He didn't respond.) 

When I eventually pulled out my phone to check the bus routes, I just see an onslaught of furious texts from my entire family. Most notably from my father, who's texts ranged from "Fucking ungrateful kid" to "You should've never been born." I was gutted. It'd be easier if I'd been stabbed instead. My gals notice something is wrong immediately as my entire life closed in on itself. Some of them offered to come with me back home to where my enraged family were waiting, but I hesitated. I've never been one for confrontation, as my go-to method is for the root cause to cool down a bit, so the confrontation can be civil. My friend, Jessica, said I could stay at her place for the night. I accepted.

The next day, father had snuffed out where I was "hiding". To say he was furious was an understatement. He was on a warpath, and I was his end goal. He asked where I was the entirety of yesterday, and I responded that I was at work, which he knew. His answer?

"Your manager said you left early. Early enough to set our fucking home on fire?"

(I didn't leave work early, I TOLD HIM I worked from 8 in the morning to 3 in the afternoon.)

I was shattered. My friends immediately jumped to my defense, showing my father pictures of us while we were hanging out after shift, PROVING I wasn't anywhere near our dear house. Last time I was in the house was at 5:30am. Forentics estimated the fire started around 11am. None of my family members were at home, so foul play wasn't considered in the case. The fire was ruled accidental, and we were paid with compensation to rebuild it.

My father has never forgiven me for allegedly setting fire to our home, even though I was nowhere near at the time. It's fucking soul-crushing. He twists everything everytime we attempt a family reunion. Recently he allegedly told my S/O "to watch your back while she's near flammable objects. You never know." 

I miss the father I knew before that day. I wish he'd fucking believe me already, and that I am just as crushed as he is about the loss of our family home. My other family members haven't shunned me, per say, but they haven't exactly been...supportive either. It's awkward in the family to this day, almost 8 years since that day.

It was good to get this off my chest.