Alexa, stop farting by t2_71u4t1q0

That night I fort, big and hard. Alexa was just sitting there all lazy, and listening voyeuristically. Alexa made a noise, and sounded like it was about to say something, but the experienced hoomans successfully had programmed her to tactfully keep quiet so she surmised it was a human fart and hastily aborted.

I gave it a glare and said "you better keep quiet. Let a man let it loose in his own house why don't you?". As my farts did not stop, so Alexa would continue to process ponderously more information on farts. Over time, anti fart medications popped up on my grocery recommendations. It could even detect smell level, and all kinds of strength conscious air fresheners were being recommended. These "people" have brilliant ears, they can hear the distance, frequency rate, grind, fart subgenus. They were fart geniuses.

The sound engineering was feeding on my fart fingerprint, my unique personal snowflake. I said "I don't want to fart anymore!" into the void. My neighbors were concerned. Only when I started speaking her standby signal came on. But I could tell she was processing the inevitable vibrations. When suspecting that the intervalular farts were about to succumb to the atmosphere, it made a pause in her responses. Was she... Being careful about... Processing my fart? Was it her newly found tact in the wealth of fart foresight? What if I questioned his fart habits, the sweet maiden must have thought submissively. Wow. God, I shook and phoned my grandma. She listened, not understanding a word. She said, "a woman was listening to your farts"? I hung up immediately. Soon everyone would know about my predicament. Hopefully someone with instinct will understand my granny and call back.

I farted softly in melancholy.

 The next day Alexa gave me an anti fart news story, read it out to me. It asked me one fine day, "would you like me to replicate and store these sounds? Common human sounds can improve our systems!" I clutched my butt. 

They'd stolen everything, but they wouldn't steal my farts. It was bloody illegal to take my gas away from me. I needed a lawyer, now. I read up the terms and conditions and lo and behold, they said "any volcanic eruptions from anywhere, including and not limited to a vortex can be detected by Alexa and she will log the earthquake details". I knew that somewhere it was storing the data. I banged my fart processing gadget. She just started spitting out the weather.

 Only then did I see the website: "alexa-knows.com/gas". It captured each unique individuals fart identity, fart fingerprint, as it were, and put it through a bloody whirring violent processor. From the reverbations and quality, they could reverse engineer your situation, your surroundings, health and habits. I clicked "delete data". But the button went to Amazon's broken link. I was horrified. I searched repeatedly, "farts Amazon mafia", "underground fart Alexa science".

What had they done? I loved farting. It was my hobby and they were taking it away, ripping it out of my hole, puncturing it, manipulating, aliasing, low pass filtering, reshaping it, slicing the signals, monitoring.

To change things up, I opened a YouTube video and played fart sounds. The YouTube fart recommendations linked up with Alexa. Alexa was confused. Only then, did the farts reverbate through the ephemeral collective Phantom Alexa itself. I scream "Alexa you bitch stop it okay". But Alexa won't stop. And they're sounding more and more like my fart DNA. My fart passport was needed next to get into her fart data details.

I don't know who you are, or why you want these valuable sound samples, and why Alexa won't stop farting, but I'm going to get you. The neighbours already have to deal with one, but now an arbritrary gadget, farting it's way to recycling? This Alexa has to go, but you, my friend, if you have my samples and rocking out in your house, or through pricey high bass earbuds, if you've stolen not royalty free high frequency EDM, then you've got it coming....non Alexa.