i was bullied to the point where they burned my face with a lighter by t2_4z2t9uj4

i know its bad the title but ill explain.

im a 23 year-old male who has autism i was bullied for the majority of my life because of my autism 

*story*

when i was 16 i was in my final year of highschool it was 2013 and everyone was talking about prom and such and there GCSE i lived in blackpool which is a seaside town but its rough cause of its poverty and drugs. there were these 3 lads who bullied me but had a group 

there was joe he was slender built a foot baller he had blonde hair blue eyes one of those dimple chins that girl like he was the leader.

levi a short and stubby lad he had brown hair and green eyes he did boxing and his face looked like a potatoe he was joes right hand man.

blake was this fat chubby lad who was so fat he had his own gravitational field cause everything went around him he was the lest hand and the muscle.

now i was 6ft 5 and well built and i wasnt much a fighter. there was a park opposite of my school i took a short cut and what they did to me scarred me for life.


they held me down blake was untop of me and joe got a lighter out and if your from the uk you know what a smiley is its where they burnt the metal bit of a lighter and it looks like a brand for cattle and they did that they marked me 

the pain was bad the smell was worst but the worst thing about it was that these lads attacked a autistic i went to the police. teachers to tell what happend.

nothing. thet did nothing

i took my life but survived.

i went to school on monday and i broke down crying then one of them hitted me with a bottle of water that was rock solid and it knock me out clean the next i couldnt remember.

i woke up in isolation on the floor the door locked my head master said to me. what did you do i said i cant remeber so he shows me the cctv camera's and i remebered. this is what happend

i got up from the hit and grabbed the bottle in levis hand and grabbed his hand and i towered him and broke his and in 2 places and rammed his face in the wall ge lost 4 teeth.

joe he tried hitting me but i sucker punched him in the gut he cried i broke both his wrists and i put his head through the plastered wall they had to cut him out and i kept kicking his balls in till they ruptured according to the teachers.

blake was the last i went up to him and hitted him im the gut he throw up blood and i kept on stompinh on his hands and his stomach.

the teacher said i putted 3 lads in hospital because of what happend. i said well they burtn my face they got what they deserved they said look we wont stop you going to prom but this is last warning i said fine i dont even wanna go. 

i went home and i didnt see or spoken to anyone for the whole week.

you think this story has a happy ending you haven't been payimg attention.

the lads made a roumor i was the aggressor and i marked my self for attention seeking so everyone i called a friend turned there back on me. and i mean everyone they didnt belive me. so i stopped going and moved with my dad the last 3 months of highschool i gave up and left. nobody didnt know where i went and i have a better life.


i dont remeber anyone faces from my school but these 3 i remember there faces for a long time 

thank you for reading and sorry for my spelling.