Stuck in a car with a guy who felt the need to tell me “I haven’t murdered anyone” by t2_4ay4flz7


I had been dating this man for about two months. He’s from a foreign country, but spoke English really well. There were many times when I really didn’t understand what he was trying to say, but chalked it up to the language barrier and brushed it off.  He was passionate and really interesting, I was definitely falling for him. 
Since we met in pandemic times, we’d only really hung out at each others houses prior to this. We decided to go on a road trip to my favorite place. I was so excited to go on an adventure with this man. The drive was 6 hours each way. As we were driving, I started to notice some weird things. He was oddly anxious, and doing a lot of heavy sighing. That’s okay, I have anxiety too, i understand, hoping it will get better once we move along a bit. It only got worse. That’s when it started to click. I’d been mistaking my misunderstandings of what he was saying for a language gap, but then I realized it was actually because he was saying some pretty crazy stuff that didn’t make any sense at all. Also, what id been labeling as ‘passion’ actually was some severe mental instability. 
Finally got to the spot, I was emotionally drained at this point and already regretting going on this trip with him. We spent the night and I woke up the next morning to him just staring at me. He asked me all these really weird questions right as I opened my eyes, and I excused myself to go make coffee. Decided to cut the trip short and just head home, hoping for the best. 
It started off okay until we hit traffic. He totally lost his mind. I’ve seen panic attacks, I’ve seen mental breakdowns. This was on a whole new level. After hours of trying to calm him down, and bring him back to the moment and just fucking breath, I decided it was best if I just sat in silence and focused on driving. Getting us home safe. After about an hour of silence he turns to me, with tears in his eyes. Mind you were driving down a windy road, with no cell service. He turns to me and says “I just need you to know, I’ve never killed anyone or beat a woman. I just want you to feel safe.” 
As you can imagine that made me feel anything but. I have no idea why anyone would have the urgency to tell anyone that... ever???  I got us home as fast as I could, and let him know it wasn’t going to work out and never saw him again. 
And that folks, is why I’m taking a good long break from dating.