I’m happily married, but I still think about a different woman and the what could have been by t2_5ojd1nm8

Just wanted to get this off my chest. 

I’m married for 2 years now and I’m happy with my partner. Although we’re on a long distance relationship, we’re working it out and we’re happy. 

But sometimes, I just find myself thinking about a different woman in my life and my regret for not pursuing her. 

She was a classmate of mine in College. Bubbly, sweet, and a smile that can light up the night sky. She wasn’t exactly the girl of my dreams, but she is damn close to being one. 

We hit it off really well. I always sought to be her partner or be in a group with her in school works, had a sort of inside joke that none of our classmates figured out. 

We would always hang out after class, and play video games in a internet cafe. 

As cliché as it sounds, I was falling for her. But there’s a problem.

I was 23, and she was 17. 

Yes, I was a college dropout for a couple of years before I came back to school. I never really thought of finding someone like her. Someone that would make me happy by just her presence, make me laugh with the corniest of jokes, made me a better man than when I was a college dropout.

All throughout our college curriculum, my feelings grew for her each and every day to the point that I couldn’t stand being away from her even if it was just for a minute. 

Call me old fashioned, but thinking of our age made me chicken out of confessing my feelings for her. 

I dreaded the day of our graduation. She looked as pretty as I first saw her. We exchanged pleasantries, got on the ceremony, and finished college. 

And when I got to her to say my congratulations, she hugged me tight and cried on my chest. Not knowing what to do, I hugged her back. It was a good 10 seconds that felt like an eternity. And when the emotions were finally settling in, we said our goodbyes and broke off to our respective families. 

That was the last time I saw her. 

After a couple of years, I found my current partner and got married after 4 years of dating. 

While I am happy with what I have now, I just can’t help but look back at a point in my life and ask what could have been if I didn’t think about our age difference and confessed my feelings to her? Would she have been the one I ended up marrying? 

All those things come rushing back to me whenever I feel lonely. 

However, I do know one thing: I love my wife and I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with her.

EDIT: reading through some of the comments, let me just clarify a few things. We were “freshman” when she was 17 and I was 23. I could have pursued her after a couple of years or right after we graduated, but mostly it all boiled down to me being 6 years older than she was and not wanting anyone talk about me grooming a kid or whatever. I’m not that kind of a person. I grew in a family where I’m the only son out of 4 siblings so I know full well how to respect women. Not that it should be a medal/badge of honor or anything.