The day i ate weed brownies with my gf and here friends, for the first time. by t2_3iyyk1kl

Norway, Oslo. Nighttime. Excuse the grammar. 

We were in my gf’s dorm, with her best friend and two random dudes I just met. They were all 24 and I was 29 years old.
The trip started pleasantly, but it didn’t take long for me to feel paranoid. First I started to believe that I was WAY higher than the others, and I couldn’t fight the feeling that they ate brownies without any weed in it. Just to drug me and (maybe) rob me. Important to mention that my gf and I hadn’t been dating for very long.

So I sat there, freaking out and started for some reason to believe that my gf was a spy. And she and her friends were all in on it. My theory was that they were using me as a project or something. They were hired by an agency to use and experiment on me. 
One “good” reason I suspected she was a spy was because she had very little furniture and clothes in her apartment (that she could easily move out quick and fast if they ever were to get exposed by the government). 
My gf and her teammates was using me and other poor souls as projects! They were fake girl/boyfriends. 
I couldn’t fight the feeling that it was true, and I started to feel like Sherlock Holmes since I figured it all out.

After three hours, her best friend and the two boys left and me and my gf went to bed. And I started to calm down a little.
But I just had to ask her: "baby? Are you a spy?"
And because she (obviously) also was high, she didn’t understand wtf I was talking about. 
So I calmed down a little more. Until i realized that there were no pictures of us together on Facebook, we were not in a relationship on Facebook (like she didn’t want the world to know that I existed), I never saw her go to school and she always had a lot of cash laying around (birthday/Christmas presents). And THEN I remembered a news article I read earlier that day. The article was about fake Facebook girlfriends who had been robbing men for millions of dollars! And I recently gave her a extra set of keys to my apartment. 
So I snapped. I jumped out of bed and took on my clothes. I was convinced that the people we took brownies with earlier that night was in my apartment now and robbing it for everything of value.
My gf asked wtf I was doing, but I couldn’t talk because the weed paralyzed my mouth (but I thought of course that they had drugged me with some sort of mouth-sedative).
So I ran down to the streets, got into a taxi and managed to give the cab driver my address.

So while we were driving, I felt he looked at me in a funny way. Of course he did, I was high as a kite. But then he started to tap on the monitor on the dashboard and I was 100% sure that he was calling the police. 
So when the cab stopped on a red light, I ran out of the car (hearing him screaming after me) and I disappeared into the dark streets of Oslo. 

So every-time a saw a taxi I had to hide behind parked cars, because I thought every cab driver in Oslo was after me now.

When I got to a park, I sat down on a bench. I took up my phone and was about to call the police. To turn my girlfriend in! Send her to jail! But then I realized that I had just ran from a taxi bill. So the cops was probably after ME at this point. 
So what I did next was the only reasonable thing I could do, I called my mom! She was drunk with som friends and couldn’t understand wth I was talking about. So I hang up. Called my gf and said that I was on to her, and that I was gonna report her to the police.

30 minutes later I got to my apartment building. And out side there was taxi waiting. It looked just like the taxi I ran away from, and I remembered that I gave the driver my home address.
So I had to go around the building and climb som fences to get into my flat.

No one has been in my flat. Nothing was stolen and that did calm me down a little bit. But suddenly my moms male friend called me on FaceTime. He wanted me to explain everything. I told him about the fake Facebook girlfriends who robbed men for millions of dollars. He then asked me if I was high. I said yes. He then asked if my gf has robbed me for millions of dollars (money I didn’t even have) and I said no. 

He then told me to calm the fuck down and just think about how stupid this situations was and go to bed. 

That helped, and the trip was all ready settling down.

The next morning my gf came to my apartment with some take away breakfast. She asked what happened to me last night, and I explained everything. We had a good laugh. But I will never do weed brownies again. At least not with her.


Summary: took weed brownies with my girlfriend. I started to believe that she was a spy who robbed me of all my money.