How the awkward guy in the class turned out to be the nicest too. by t2_ck0d3vo4

So a couple of weeks ago I had found out that my boyfriend was cheating on me. I had caught him making out with a different girl. My friends had already told me before that he was cheating on me but I didn't believe them because he gave me the feeling that he was special. Heartbroken, I didn't talk with anybody from the time I learned that my boyfriend had cheated on me. When I was outside the school building, I heard someone say, "Excuse me, can I talk to you for a second?" I turned around and saw it was none other than Alfred. So, a little bit of insight, Alfred was an extremely weird guy. He acted extremely immature and would sometimes turn into a mysterious figure. We never got along because I always felt very creeped out near him. Anyways, as I turned around he asked," Candace, right?" "What do you want?" "You seem a little bit down, is anything wrong?'' "No, I'm fine.. Just leave me alone." "You don't sound too fine." I just stood there for a while, I wanted to scream at his face and run away but for some reason I just couldn't. I kept silent for a while. "Hey, follow me," he said to me. "Where? I asked." "Somewhere that will cheer you up. I don't think you'll understand but I don't like seeing you, the kind of person who says jolly all the time, just be a big dark cloud of sadness." For a moment I hesitated whether I should go with him or not. He probably understood and assured me saying, "Don't worry, it'll just be a little trip. Come on." He then softly held my hand and started walking. At first I didn't really want to go but despite being so distant with him, I didn't resist. He had a comforting tone in his voice that cannot be described in words. He took me to his car and we both got in. It was a nice little blue Subaru hatchback. He had bucket seats installed in it along with harnesses. But the thing that I found very uncommon about his car was that it had a giant lever besides the gear. I just quietly got in. I had never used a harness before so he had to help me with that. I had never sat in a bucket seat and they were pretty damn comfortable. As we were leaving the campus, Alfred said, "Hey, you might wanna let your roommates or parents know that you might be a little late." "How late exactly?", I asked. "I dunno. As long as it takes to cheer you up I guess along with the fact that I know nearly nothing bout you." I called my roommates and told them that I'll be late. We got to a gas station and and he filled the tank to the brim.

We drove around the roads a bit and after some time, he deviated from the main road and got inside a dirt road. I started to get some bad vibes. "Where are you taking me?" I asked. He stopped the car and looked at me. He asked me without looking, "Do you like roller coasters?" "What do you mean?" He took a loot at my body and said, "If I were you, I would've tightened the harness." He started speeding his car through the dirt road. He was literally speeding through the woods. He speeded into a tight corner and skid on the dirt roads. It felt like he had driven this course a million times before. At first I screamed out of fear but soon enough I started to enjoy it. After a good ten minutes he got onto the main road again. "So, how was it?" he asked. "Umm, yeah it was fun." "What would you rate your experience out of ten?" I smiled and replied, "A solid 9." "Eyy, you're smiling again." I really was smiling. This guy who I always disliked and avoided turned my mood from gloomy to happy. I couldn't believe it myself. "So, should I take you home now or do you wanna stay outside for a bit long?" I wanted to spend a bit more time but I couldn't gather up the courage. "I uhh .." He let out a smile, "Don't worry, I understand. Outside, right?" "Umm, if you're free well.." "Say no more."

We stayed out for a long time. We drove through the woods for a while, sat at a park where we he explained to me how he got into cars and how he got good at driving and a bunch of other stuff which were interesting though I didn't really understand half of he was saying, drove around in the lit up city while listening to music. We even had dinner together. He dropped me off at nearly 9:00 pm. Before leaving, I said to him, " Hey, Alfred. I'm really sorry for how I used to treat you and behave with you in the past." "Ah, don't sweat it. I'm just glad that you're cheered up again." "So, meet you again tomorrow?" "Mhmm." "Ok then, goodbye." I gave him a kiss on the cheek and got out. As I turned around he looked at me with 'what the hell did you just do?' expression, smiled and drove off. I didn't say anything to my roommates even when they asked me where I had been and why I looked so cheered up. That was truly one of the events of my life that I'll remember forever.