My crush doxxed me for kicking her from my Minecraft server by t2_cm41te4f

Alright I don't exactly know where to post this, but I really need to speak about this and see what others think. (NOTE: i met this girl because her sister married my brother, making her my sister-in-law. I don't like incest, but please hear me out and read till the end) 

Lets go back to when i first met her. It was about 3-4 years ago I'd say and I got introduced to this girl named, lets just call her "kay" and she was Bi (no where close to her actual name) kay liked anime, video games and all sorts of things that i liked. 
We both instantly became friends and bonded really well. After our first meeting we talked for abit and then out of no where she stopped talking to me for alittle over a year. 
Turns out she got into a relationship and I assume the guy had her delete all her male friends Idk.

but after all that time I decided to message her again and ask her to join my friend group which was a minecraft server, we had a discord server and everything.
 There were at least 30 people in the server. 
Kay agreed to join and since then we were playing Minecraft and got to bond and become good friends again.

Kay invited me to go watch the first my hero movie so I happily agreed.
 Skip ahead to the ending of the movie. 
We walk out and head to those little claw machines and kay so happen to have some quarters to play.
 The claw machine had a ton of rubber ducks and on the 3rd try she got one and gave it too me and told me not to lose it and that i can keep it. 
She let me have a go and I won one on the first try, I gave it too her as a thanks for the one she gave me.

I couldn't tell if she was just being nice or not but I just turned 16 and I was pretty clueless because I've never had any experience with this kind of stuff, but who knows what she meant. (About to turn 18 btw)

we get picked up and a few weeks go by.

 We're still talking. playing Minecraft fortnite, etc. Even went to her house 3 times in counting just for family events.
 But during that I noticed that she would laugh allot more towards me when I would make jokes or something, like a simple comments and she would act like it was the funniest thing in the world.

 There was even a point where we were all sharing our height. I said I was 6'1 which I am and kay proceed to repeatedly say, in a seductive voice "he's tall" and you could hear her biting her lip as she talked.

A few months pass and one of her friends end up joining, instantly I felt like she was gonna cause problems but oh well.
 After all this time I've ended up catching feeling for kay and had my friends talk me into asking her out. 

At this point I've done my research and made absolutely sure that nothing was incest.
 She was not blood and was basically like any other girl. It would be the same as twins getting married to twins.

 I ask her out and get rejected because "she was to worried about her family judging her". 
I was understanding and was no where near upset because we agreed to continue to be friends which was awesome. 
It wasn't awkward at all we were both acting normal. 
A few weeks later and her friend tells me that kay had been talking about me behind my back and making fun of me and calling me a "simp".

 I know this seems abit over the line, but i felt betrayed, without even talking to her, i removed her from my server and blocked her on discord. 
I noticed she removed me from all her servers as well almost instantly. 
She messaged me on Instagram and asked why I removed her and I explained what her friend told me.
 She denied all of it and I believe her and sincerely apologized. 

I have aspergers and tend to lash out easily, but im not going to blame my disability.

 I believed her, but it turns out almost everything her friend said was true.
 She was making fun of me and calling me a simp, even posting our private messages to her friends discord server, with what im assuming has abit over 100 people.
 As im figuring this out and realizing she sent the DMS of when i asked her out to the server as well, im getting tons of messages accusing me of incest and pedophilia towards her(Shes older than me).

i decided to actually talk to one of them and they kept asking for an invite to my server so they can tell all my friends I like incest.
 I asked why they were doing this and they basically replied with "because your an incest liking pedophile and I should be in jail."
I explained to them that i was younger than her, I have no blood connection to her and even told them the story on why All this is happening.
 I don't get a message for awhile, but then the finally reply and they said "sorry sir, I didn't realize you were 6'1, my apologies. All I ask is that you don't make kay uncomfortable anymore".
 I don't understand how i could of made her uncomfortable because everytime I spoke to her, there would always be 2 or more other people with us in a VC and I've talked to her IRL like 5 times and the people in the VC would have called me out if I was making her uncomfortable. 

At this point im getting DMS on discord, instagram, Snapchat and tiktok.
 I was even getting sent my own location. 
It was hard to explain what was going on to the Minecraft server because how embarrassing this situation was. 
Some turned against me because they were told the wrong side of the story and didn't want to believe me and I ended up losing many friends that day.

 I had called my brother and have him help me with the situation. I wasn't told much, but all i know is that she got into some deep shit. 





Please give me your opinions

I personally feel like i was baited into this and that she had this planned since the beginning, I may just be paranoid. 
I've been thinking about this for so long and feel so guilty and sad about it. I had to delete so many social medias because of it. 

Her family seems to be okay with me and aren't angry in anyway that i know of.

I would like to actually know if its considered incest because from what I read, incest is only when blood related people are in a relationship. If im wrong please let me know.