I am death and I am sorry. by t2_7a5g826c

I am death and I am sorry. I do not mean to hurt you when I come. It’s just collateral damage that comes with the job. There is truly nothing I can do about it. I have tried. I promise you I have tried. I want you to know that I didn’t choose this job. This is not what I wanted. It never was. I thought maybe I could just stop. Stop working. Stop causing pain. But I couldn’t. They would just find somebody else to take my place. I try to be kind when I come for you. I really do try. I know many of you think of me as unfair, even evil. I am not. All I ever wanted was to be close to you. All I ever asked for was the chance to talk to some of you. My request was twisted into something I never wanted, but my request was granted. I have all the time in the world to talk to you, all of you. I have learned so much from you. I have learned many things I wish I hadn’t. So many of you tell me you wish you could turn back the clock. I always just nod silently. You have no idea how much that is my wish too. I wish I had never asked to speak to you, to know you. There was no death before me. There will be death after me though. I have caused your pain and suffering. I have caused my own pain and suffering. I used to blame you. Why did you have to call to me? Why did you invent ways to send people to me before I came to get them? Why. It doesn’t matter though. You did not do this. You did not invent war and disease. You did not create hunger and drugs. That was me. I created those things. I didn’t mean to. I never wanted to. I did though. I had to find a way to take you peacefully in your sleep. I created illness, hoping it would be painless. It morphed into something else though. It’s not painless and peaceful like I hoped it would be. I killed the plants you grew while the disease ran through the bodies of your animals. I thought if I could kill you using a feeling you already had it would hurt less. You have always been hungry. Not like this though. This was painful hunger. I created pain. Pain you needed something else to numb out. Pain that was too much for any one person to handle. I gave you the drugs that run through veins. I didn’t want you to be in pain anymore. That too morphed. That too caused so much pain. I put the things in your life you needed to fight over. I tried to separate everybody to keep the illness from spreading. That just caused anger and outrage. You always did want what you couldn’t have. You began invading and stealing from each other. The illness spread. The hunger spread. The drugs spread. With them all came me. I am death and I am sorry.