I was raped when I was 8 and didn't talk about it until I was 25 I'm 31m by t2_sxizwreb

It was a sunny day after school the first day. My family had just moved into a house with 5 acres a mile off the main road. My mom thought walking home would build character and be good physical exercise. The first time Cory (the neighbor) and I stepped off the school bus and started walking. After about a quarter mile we used a shortcut through a property where we stashed our bicycles to ride home. As I leaned down in the wooded area to grab my bicycle Cory stood over me with an oak branch. He said I was going to suck his dick or he was going to beat me on the head. I did not know what he was talking about so he grabbed my head and forced it on his genitals. I remember being repulsed. Gagging and tasting the nasty smell of his privates all squishy in my mouth. I was devastated. Afterward Cory left and I stared at the sky asking God why he didn't protect me. I left my bike and had weak knees and ankles all the way home. I remember the way I was stress rolling my ankles like I couldn't walk flat on my feet. The abuse continued with threats of beating me for two school years. I developed attention problems and behavior outbursts. My parents are old-school religious tough love retired military type and I was also adopted by my step dad. Abuse was common whether verbal or physical and I never felt safe to talk to my parents. One day I shot Cory in the forehead with a bb gun and it got stuck in his skull. We had to have our families meet in our living room to see why we didn't get along. I bit my lip and never told. The last day Cory wanted favors from me he stopped at his little hole he would drag me to (he would literally catch me by the backpack and drag me. Sometimes I would not get off the bus and the bus driver never gave two shits why. The last day though Cory said "no more" at first I didn't believe him but he was serious. I held it together until he left then sobbed for joy running home and laugh cried. I have wanted to kidnap Cory since and even right now if I ever saw him he should be scared.
   After the abuse my strange sexual behavior was rampant. I had no knowledge of sex except the stimulation that happened sometimes when I was submissive to Cory. I eventually had genital pleasure with my dog, cat, chicken, or just my hand. My parents home schooled me but would leave a 10 year old boy at home for 8 hours. I was supposed to do chores and school work but tom and Jerry, jimmy neuron, and all those kids shows on Disney were all I cared about. I would jerk off eat copious amounts of food which fueled my dad's anger. I would crack the house windows just to listen for my parents cars coming down the driveway. No one understands me and that's not okay. There are other factors that fuel my rage these days like pretty boys getting all the love and attention and apparel from their parents but I'm stuck with cold shoulder bastard feeling rags and have to fight for attention through volume of my singing. I'll keep the rain you can have the sunshine.