I GOT EXPELLED FROM SCHOOL.... by t2_4oq7dm5h

\*Based on a true story\*

YouTube Audio Version:

[https://youtu.be/7VhggTKM0tY](https://youtu.be/7VhggTKM0tY)

This story takes place when I was 16 years old in my sophomore year of high school. Now I wasn't the brightest of all kids and this story will explain that one to you.

My 16 year old self thought it was a perfect idea to hop onto the dark web and see what they have to offer in the "shops". Now for those who dont know what the dark web is... well... the name explains it. Its a dark place of the internet where you can literally find anything. From crazy people to geniuses. Now i don't recommend checking out the dark web at all.

I hop on this website called "AlphaBay Market" and start searching just because I was curious. I come across this "Counterfeit $20 Bill" which looks 100% real and had many many many positive reviews so I ordered the bulk amount to mess around with. I ended up buying 100 $20 bills for around $30 . Not bad I thought to myself. Then I hop off the internet and wait.

About 2 weeks later I get my bills in the mail and I was shocked from how real the bills looked. So a great idea popped in my head. Why don't I just make it rain at school? Hilarious idea... right? WRONG!

I go into school like any other normal day, going through my classes up until lunch time. Now I eat my food fast, just a weird habit, so I ate my lunch and walked up to the 3rd story of my high school. Now from up here it looks down on everyone at lunch so literally everyone would see money falling. Which is a win in my book. Now I didn't say I was bright.

I put all the bills in my hand and start making it rain like someone would at a strip club. And lemme tell you it was great seeing at least 100 different people running for the money and seeing all the chaos unfold in front of my eyes. But I dip out because I started to realize what I've just done.

5th period starts and I'm like "great coast is clear, im good". I go through that period like nothing but then right before the bell rings the officer of the school pulls me out of class and takes me straight to his office and closes the door. Without saying anything else he reads me my rights. At this moment, i know im screwed.

He explains that the bills look super real and a few people used it at lunch. He then tells me It was all captured on the camera (which you can barely see me when i toss the money but when i leave thats when you see me). Which is very unfortunate for me. After sitting for a few minutes the principle and officer determine that the police wont get involved but I have to attend an alternative school for 6 months before getting accepted back into my high school and that I was expelled until I completed it.

So I went through and completed the rest of the year there. Let me tell you that, it was a pretty bad school. Kids were there for threatening teachers and principals, trying to stab kids, fighting, dealing drugs, etc. But I honestly enjoyed how easy it was.

Moral of the story, don't be stupid like me and buy counterfeit bills. It could lead to you having a felony and prison so honestly its not even worth it.