A hunt for a fly by t2_lt4ghxb

So a fly got in the house, which for me is both a horror and a thrill because now I get to hunt.

You must understand, I am from Florida. So I grew up surrounded by bugs and killing them has been the only life I've ever known.

We were coming in through the garage from a walk outside &amp; it harassed us by the door but i thought i shooed it away successfully. But after the garage was closed and we entered the house, it followed us in &amp; of course this invasion was an act of war. I was fortunate it turned into the children's room &amp; not the main hallway to the rest of the house.

So immediately, I followed it &amp; shut the door. My wife understood and left me to my duty - only one of us would be allowed to escape alive.

It frittered around without landing in the middle of the room as i gathered the Hungry Caterpillar book I would use to end its life. As i tried to line up a kill shot, it had effective evasive maneuvers &amp;  encircled me such that i could not keep a beat on it to line up my death blow.

Next, i lured it closer by turning on the lamp &amp; while it took notice of it, it did not comply by staying there and kept switching sides across the room by the windows.

So i closed the blinds and curtains such that the only light was the lamp by me. I also knew the diaper genie was on this side which could serve as another lure. All this time its buzzing let me trace it. At this point it surprised me by taking away this tool at my disposal by coming to rest where i could hear it no longer. It effectively turned my room darkening strategy against me.

Thus i had to startle it into flight again so i started smacking around the room to scare it into the air. Unsurprisingly it came to rest by the trash can full of stinky baby wipes so when i slapped that area it went back to the air again. However after more unsuccessful striking it stopped again &amp; I couldn't find it.

I began to panic as I imagined it laying its eggs and the room becoming a stronghold for them. I got desperate and started smacking the clothes in the closet, the dresser drawers, everything. No success. Could it have gotten low enough to fly out under the door?

No, it just was hiding effectively so i went back to the window and sure enough, there it was behind the blinds and curtain, up high by the top sliding track. It had overcome its fear - even after i tried to startle it into flight again by hitting the curtain next to it, it remained still.

I then gently closed the curtain where i was and snuck to the other side by where it was as i prepared for another flurry. I quickly pulled the curtain and blinds back and jumped in there, leaving us in a phone booth where the book tore apart from the ferocity of the strikes i was hurling at this clever foe. I didn't land a direct hit but i had wounded it.

Silence once again. I searched the floor. Nothing. Until i noticed in the literal corner between the wall and the bookshelf, there it was. Fluttering but unable (or unwilling) to take flight, i turned a wooden tray for holding pretend fruit sideways and pressed it into the carpet between the narrow crevice. The struggle was over - it had fought well &amp; brought the best out of me.

I left and opened the door to tell my wife the glories of the struggle as i sought out a kleenex for its final resting place.

All was well until i returned. THE BODY WAS NOWHERE TO BE FOUND. Impossible. I used my cell phone flash light to deeply search the carpet but there was nothing there. I was in disbelief - it had played possum and now had probably escaped into the rest of the house.

I sought out a more powerful flashlight &amp; on the way i struck the plates and pans im the kitchen in case it had found our dinner. Nothing. I returned to the corner armed with a powerful LED flashlight. There was nothing in that corner.

The bookshelf is secured with anti tipping brackets so i couldnt pull it back. I wanted to look behind it though so i put the tiny flashlight into the corner and turned my iphone video camera on (with flashlight) to serve as a periscope. Between the two powerful light sources, my adversary could not resist their lure and began to buzz excitedly. The sonofabitch was not only still alive, it had been actively hiding and now indicated it could fly again! 

However, it was trapped between the wall and back of the bookcase. I needed a screwdriver to undo the brackets to pull the bookshelf off the wall. I retrieved it from the garage, removed the hardware, and violently separated the furniture from the corner to see my prize. It had been mortally wounded, but it had not surrendered and managed to crawl or flutter around the corner behind a bookshelf to make its last stand.

This time there would be no escape. I took a baby wipe and held it in my hands as i showed the valiant fly, still wriggling, to my disgusted wife and fascinated children.

I ended its suffering, but that fly gave me a fight i will never forget. Incredible tactics. The will to survive. An indomitable spirit to the end.