I got raped and no one cares and I just need to share it with someone by t2_95cetv6t

TW // Sexual Assault

Okay this is long and heavy and not good...  but since the police will not acknowledge what happened, I need to. You can read it if you want but.. I needed my truth to be heard or read or what have you.    
  

  
On Thursday, August 27th, my friends Tom and Johnny met me to eat chicken wings at a local bar and Tom made friends with this Guy... I didn’t talk to Guy beyond “hey how are you.” He seemed really nice though. Tom invited us all back to his house and Tom asked me to ride with Guy.  Tom wasn’t being intentionally negligent. He asked me because I knew where He lived and was really good at directions since tom’s phone had died and he couldn’t remember his address. So we’re driving and Guy pulled over to pee near the Universal Studios employee parking lot. when he got back in the car he got in on the passenger side and got until of me and made me kiss him and then he took my leg and pulled it over my head and forced himself inside of me... he kept saying “bet nobody treats you like this” and that he “hoped my friends drove by.” I just kept saying “we have to go, you’ve gotta stop, we have to go to toms house.” So he finished and got on the drivers side and just asked me for directions like it didn’t just happen.   
  
So when we got to Tom’s apartment I told Guy to “find a parking spot while I run inside” and I ran to tom’s and Johnny caught me and knew something was wrong and I said I’d been raped. Johnny, Tom, and Dante took off after him and Guy tried to run over Johnny (he’s got wicked road rash) and hit a garage door and sped off into the night. Then Tom called the cops. the first two sets of cops that I talked to were really good and then the sex crimes detectives just thought I was stupid. they were like “why didn’t you call 911? Why didn’t you say no? Why did you get in the car with him? Could you have made him think you wanted this?” I could tell the whole time that they didn’t believe me. At this point I’d recounted the story several times and had been up for over 24 hours. I didn’t call the police because he was black and I didn’t want him to get hurt and.. I don't know.. I didn’t want something awful to happen but I wanted him to be punished. I knew the whole time the sex crimes detectives didn’t believe me and now those suspicions are confirmed. I didn’t want this. I didn’t ask for this. I wouldn’t have, ever.  
  
 I just.. was deluded into thinking that sex crimes detectives were supposed to be more sensitive and kind but these women judged me the entire time and I just... I’m so crushed. Also the minute I told them I was in an entertainment field and that I worked at a Twin Peaks any credibility I had as a victim was out the door. I visibly watched them change from perceptive to standoffish. I texted Johnny and called him hoping to leave a voicemail so he could hear what was happening without speaking. I accidentally called another friend. Johnny called and answered so I had to ask him where they were as I was being raped.. trying to find out how soon they’d be here and if they were taking the road I was on.  
  
I ended up losing my job because of the trauma. The police dismissed the case saying I wasn’t credible enough. It hurts so much. I’ve reached out to victim’s services and they won’t respond... I’m helpless and sad and just so violated.