My son vanished for a year, he's different now...part 1: Backstory by t2_3hs0eueg



Honestly I don't know how to vent about this, my therapist thinks I'm insane and my family doesn't wanna talk about it. So I guess you guys are the best I got.

Let's give some backstory about my son, my boy is a bit of a class clown and a scholar if he feels like it. He has aspergers and is very high functioning which means he doesn't process emotions as well normal folks and he also plays dumb unless he wants to do something, if he wants to do something he can do it perfectly and quickly. I once saw him do two months worth of homework in one night and all of it was well done, it's quite impressive.

Now let's get to his disappearance, his school goes on a yearly camping trip before classes start up, they go up into the mountains and stay for about three or four days. Before he left he cause the cold but he insisted to power through it and went up into the mountains, he wouldn't return from that trip. According to his teacher he was fine until the third day when he seemed dazed. He was in the back of the line of hikers and just vanished. When I heard the news I instantly rushed up to the campsite and talked to everyone, from what I gathered the last person he talked to was his buddy Mike. Now I'd like to get something out of the way, I dislike all of my son's friends they're always so weird and had odd personalities Mike included. 

When I walked up to mike, he was obviously off his ass on edibles, but I didn't care. I ran to him and asked what was the last thing my baby boy had said to him. He gave me a terrified look and told me that G was just talking about video games then stopped and said "what the fuck?, you hear that roar right?" Then he was gone about five minutes later.

Their were countless searches, I tried using the tracker on his phone but it didn't work.

The conclusion that we came to was that he fell in a creek and was carried away by the current or something similar to that.

We held a funeral for him, I was devastated, I didn't know why God or whatever took him from me at fifteen. I always thought about how he may have survived, and his mangled body.

I started to drink a lot more and considered suicide.  

Everyone moved on with their lives, it still stung when someone mentioned him. Honestly I was disappointed with most of my family when they didn't show up to the funeral for different bullshit reasons. But deep down I knew why they didn't come, Gavin was pretty secluded from most of the family. He usually was with parents when friends or family came over, I don't regret letting him stay my parents are great people and treated him right. It was his only escape, see my older daughter was mistreating him physically, sexually and mentally, I wasn't aware until his teens where he spat out all the information at us and it all made sense.

I blamed myself for what felt like an eternity and I was probably gonna suck start a shotgun sooner or later when randomly out of the blue he showed up.

I think I'll stop here for now and if you guys like my rambling I'll keep going, it only gets weirder from here.

Edit: no sleep didn't want my rambling but if there is a part 2 it'll be a bit scary