My Best Friend Nearly Gave Me a Heart Attack and Possibly Made Me Gay by t2_ajs0whm

A few days ago, my best friend came over to hang out. Evidently he came too early so I was still asleep. I normally sleep completely butt naked so you can probably guess why he almost gave me a heart attack. He somehow without me hearing, sees me sleeping, quietly strips down naked too, gets in the bed with me, pulls up the sheets over himself, and lays there next to me for who knows how long. Eventually around the time I start waking up I hear faint breathing and rustling behind me. In my head, half asleep i’m like “What the heck is that?” so I turn around and see my friend completely naked in bed with me. One eye closed and the other half opened. I stare in shock and once it kicked in I jumped off the bed and hit my head on my shoes while my friend is laughing his ass off. Still in shock I silently stare at him while I’m sitting on the floor. He fake-stretches and fake-yawns and says something like “Mornin’, babe~” in a jokingly seductive way and “After breakfast let’s shower together.” I snap out of it and I yell at him for nearly giving me a heart attack. I wasn’t necessarily shocked that he was acting hella gae and laid naked with me for who knows how long I was more shocked that I wasn’t expecting someone right up in my face. Then we kinda laugh together for a bit until I sit next to him to cover myself up with the sheets. I put my arm around his shoulder and with my other hand I throw his pile of clothes at his crotch and tell him to get dressed. We hung out like he wanted to for the rest of the day and we didn’t really talk about it. That was the gayest I have ever felt. Part of me wishes I played along with him and seduced him back and even got on top of him while we’re both nude to give him a taste of his own medicine. Now obviously this was all in good fun but if I’m being honest this made me rethink my sexuality. I’ve been thinkint about what it would be like if I dated him but nah. I told my female friend about it and she thinks he likes me and probably tried sending me an obvious sign. She’s into yaoi and stuff like that so she “ships” us. I don’t think I’m ready to be bi. Besides I don’t even know if this is just one of his jokes or if he’s actually attracted to me. My female friend asked me if I saw him as attractive and thinking about it now, this was one of the few times i’ve seen him shirtless and the first time we’ve seen eachother naked. Looking at his body, he’s honestly kinda cute. Because we’re degenerate losers we still live with our parents but my female friend says that my best friend and I should consider buying a house together and to see if we get romantic or not.(She also said she wanted to live with us but that’s irrelevant to the story). If my friend meant the whole thing as a joke then I hate the fact that i’m slowly considering going bi for him. I never imagined i’d be the type of guy to be attracted to other guys. If he wasn’t joking then should I date him? He’s been my best friend for most of my life since childhood. He’s practically my brother. I’m considering it and my female friend says we’d make a good couple but idk.