My Worst life experience by t2_4fg6ftou

I was once falsely accused of raping a girl when I was about 8. We were playing hide and seek and she hid with me, in positive she had a crush on me but she was much younger. She screamed when she ran from the seeker to hide with me. My belt was very loose as my pants were a bit too big and when we came out of different parts of the house I pulled up my pants to tighten my belts as she pulled down her dress. They took this as a bad sign. She was about 4 and didn’t speak well and they literally asked her if I had done anything to her. She literally didn’t know what they meant and shook her head yes and they took that as I RAPED her. They call over an adult from next door who rushed over and some girl pushed me in the dirt she was much older than me. I ran into their house to hide in a room and started crying. The cops were called and I ran home and told my mom. Couple days later on Sunday an investigator came over to ask questions. As a young boy I felt betrayed as they believed we without hesitation despite her not knowing what was going on. I cried that day not knowing what to do. The next day on the bus I was called a Rapist by the girl I liked and she hated me. The little girls family had almost jumped me the day they thought I did it and I couldn’t bare to even visit them despite them being their best friends. I was Extremely traumatized and me being really introverted made it so much worse. Everyone hated me, My own mother contemplating whether  I did it or not, and people calling me a rapist. I got out lucky because it wasn’t on the news, it didn’t spread at school either. It was years before I even spoke to that family again. I went from having over their house to hated “Rapist” just like that. It was years before I got over it but even then teasing from my brother caused and emotional breakdown and memories flushed in. I still remember that vividly to this day. If this was modern day my life would have been much worse. I would be all over the news, I’d lose my job, all my friends would question me,  I would be hated all over from a simple misunderstanding. I’ve ever only told one person IRL and this reddit comment. Trust me it ruins people’s lives and if I were mentally fragile things could have been much worse