The movie Encanto quite literally has shaken our lives lol by t2_fg4l08er

So like everyone in the USA I have watched Encanto and its \*chef kiss\* the best movie since Coco that depicts generational trauma beautifully. Coco touched on generational trauma very little but nonetheless it was a subject touched which in turn my cousins and I truly appreciated and loved the movie that much more.

Anyway when Encanto came out my cousins all said they would watch it together since they live close to one another so they watched it before me.

They actually gave no spoilers when I asked them for it and instead they told me that this movie is so painfully beautiful and advised me to watch it alone and on a day off so I did just that.

I cried during Luisa's song. Then it hit me that I am the Luisa & Isabella of my family and it was so painful and in my face that I cried all day.

Afterwards in my cousins group chat we all discussed this movie and the important points we took from the movie and we even agreed that our mothers and fathers should watch it.

At first I was on board but then... I told them it wasn't a good idea lol and well they rounded up my mom, some sisters and a few brothers and it officially started a war in my family.

My mom was the first one to call me and pretty much apologized to me for a lot of things she felt she could've protected me from.

TBH my family dynamic is all messed up but nonetheless I told her she didn't have to apologize I am learning to let go of the past so yeah I tried my best to tell her no matter what I was loved just little things here and there I can work on and let go but that's something I need to take care of.

Well this movie also showed my cousins and even my Mom are seeing our family members true colors.

Like my cousin Guero and I grew up together as brother and sister, I call his dad, papi Pepe and his mom is my mami Chayo. But as I got older I felt the resentment my mami Chayo had towards me bc she is my grandma's biological daughter and once favorite but I took that title from her.

I remember expressing sadness over this with Guero, who I view as my brother and he felt like I was exaggerating. But after he saw his moms reaction to the movie he also called me apologizing for his mom, he felt like he could've been nicer to me about my feelings and been there for me but again to me all of this is water under the bridge but not to my family.

And I also got videos of one of uncles having a melt down over being the Bruno in our family (him and my mom are Bruno) and like he is rightfully upset that they had to bear a horrible cross and be shunned for speaking horrid truths my family tries to hide. that video made me cry bc he is so right, I wish I was home to give him the biggest hug and kiss.

But yeah just thought I'd share how a Disney movie has dismantled my family lol