I revved as loud as i could to troll a boomer, pissed him off so bad he is now driving up and down my street looking for me. by t2_4sfuj023

(DISC. troll driving is dangerous. I honestly regret having done this b/c it happened on a residential street, and if I wasn't as careful as I was, somebody could have gotten hurt. Don't take this post as promoting reckless driving.)

There is a 60+ year old man at the end of my street who's ALWAYS making a mountain out of a molehill over people "driving too fast" when they turn onto the street. more often than not, hes out on his lawn doing something (yard work or whatever else) and takes it upon himself to pretend hes the neighborhood watch and wave his arms at cars he believes are going to fast.

See, I wouldn't have any issue with this except he does it to practically EVERY car that passes him, and most of the time they're going the limit (25) or slower because there aren't very many bad drivers where I live. It's fucking annoying, distracting, uncalled-for, and he has been doing it almost everyday for the entirety of the time he's lived here. His name comes up in conversation pretty often (he's known for more than just this.)

About 20-30 mins ago, I turn onto my street and brake to about 20, 5 miles under the limit that's posted just a house down from him. Lo and behold, there he is in all his tank-topped glory, pausing his aimless wandering around his yard to wave his arms at me and mouth something along the lines of 'slow down!'. I let my annoyance and pettiness take over for a second. I slowed to a crawl right in front of him, checked to make sure there were no pedestrians or oncoming cars, then went into neutral for a single second and revved \*hard.\* My 2005 tacoma can't get near as loud as most other cars, but it still pissed him off pretty bad. 

I was only in neutral for just a moment, and went on my merry way before he could run up to me. That didn't stop him from attempting to chase me down tho, It made my day to see him in my rearview waving his arms and pointing.

ffw 2 mins. I'm booting up smash bros. and notice a car creeping down the street in front of my house.  I take a closer look and there he is, rapidly looking around for my truck as he drove at a snails pace (I thought ahead and parked the tacoma in our garage just in case, but wasn't actually expecting him to go on a manhunt.)

I shit you not, he spent almost 10 minutes going up and down our street at 3 mph. He finally called it off after not noticing a car behind him until they honked.