My mother was my high school principal. by t2_638bk4j2

I attended a public high school in the United States with roughly 4000 students. My mother has been employed by this school since before I was born. She started off as a Science teacher and did that for 17 years before moving into administration. She went through the roles of assistant administrator, assistant principal, and vice principal before landing the big job. She became the principal of the entire school during my sophomore year. 

Everyone, including the teachers, wanted to be on my good side. I noticed this during my freshman year as well but it really picked up after my mom became the actual principal. It bothered me because I knew I was a hard working student who didn’t need any handouts. I actually had to ask a few of my teachers to not see me as the principals daughter and if anything, to challenge me more for that reason. They did and it made it even sweeter when I passed their classes with flying colors. 

Despite that, rumors of nepotism would run rampant throughout my entire high school journey. It sucked knowing that some wouldn’t respect my accomplishments regardless of how hard I worked for them. I was the co captain of the volleyball team but I never was able to appreciate that position because of comments other parents would make behind my back. I was voted president of an after school club, but ended up giving the position up to someone else out of fear that I would be labeled as a product of nepotism yet again. I do regret that now and wish I had just ignored those who made me feel the way I did. 

I graduated in 2017. It was special hearing my mother call my name as I walked onto the stage to receive my diploma. It’s undoubtedly not something most students have the opportunity to experience. Despite all the laundry that came with being the principals daughter, that one special moment honestly made it all worthwhile. I wouldn’t change my high school experiences for the world!

After graduating, I went off to university where I finally was able to escape the ‘mom as principal’ stigma. She remains principal of the school today and is obviously facing some challenges right now with our current situation. That being said, she is an absolute pro at what she does and is doing everything she can to ensure her teachers and students best interests. My mother is a perfect mix of professional and fun and I know that she will get her school through all of this.