what was the craziest shift you've ever worked? by t2_7vl06x8p

A friend of mine was asked this question while being interviewed for a managerial position at a restaurant, who proceeded to recall the most horrifying shift ever:

My friend was working as the manager at a Yardhouse in Denver. One night he was counting cash in the back, when an employee came up to him, saying "We have an issue" and brought him over to the bathroom, where they both looked up to see water pouring out of the ceiling light. The manager tells the employee to direct bathroom traffic to a hotel next door while he makes some phone calls to get the people that know how to turn the water off over there asap. 

He goes back to counting money. 

A couple minutes later, that employee comes back petrified, and says, " you need to come see." 

The employee guides him to the middle of the tall-ceilinged restaurant, where a man; bald, muscular, and very dirty (dude looked like an I am Legend Zombie), was crawling on the top of the mezzanine, above a main dining area, where there were guests casually enjoying a late dinner. (The restaurant stayed open until 2, and it was about 11 pm).

The cops show up, and a spotlight is shone on this man as he struggles around the top of the dining hall. 

My friend proceeds to hand out $25 gift cards to every single person and asks them to leave. He tells the bartenders and all the other employees to clean what they can and get out of there.  He walks up to the cops and say, keep an eye on that guy. I'm going call my GM.

He calls his GM. No answer. He calls his district manager. No answer.  He calls all and any Yardhouse manager in a nearby radius and no one answers. 

He goes back out to the cops. The fire department has now arrived. They tell him, "so... We lost him." 
My friend is like WHAT DO YOU MEAN YOU LOST HIM, we need to find him!!
(Mind you there's about 6 inches of water covering the whole restaurant at this point). 

They all climb the stairs to where the water main is so the firefighter can shut it off. As soon as my friend opens the door, water rushes out onto him and soaks all his clothes. 

He is determined to find this man and tries to get the cops and firefighters to follow suit, but they say no. It's wet. We lost him. Good luck, kind of thing. 

There are news reporters in the front. My friend calls the company owning the restaurant and they send over a hazard guy to assess the situation. They sit at a booth in a floor covered with water. It's like 2 in the morning. 

Suddenly, a deep moan comes from the wall RIGHT BESIDE THEM. Hazard guy freaks tf out.

My friend motions at the wall and goes, "this is why you're here."

They call the fire dept and the cops and they chainsaw cut open the wall to find a contorted man covered in dirt and dust and in one motion, pick him up and throw him onto a gurney and handcuff him.

Like I mentioned earlier, this is a big restaurant. The ceilings are about 20 feet high. This man had been living in the attic, one day fell through the rafters and onto the mezzanine, where he then, somehow, fell in between a wall while trying to escape and laid there for a good hour. 

This is a true story. It made CNN, Denver Post, Daily Mail... All that jazz. 

But what they didn't tell you was that my manager friend, still soaked, walked home at about 5 in the morning in Downtown Denver, CO in the middle of December and came home to get ready for work at 11 am. 

[Here's an article ab it](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2871619/Man-secretly-living-Denver-restaurant-arrested-falling-ceiling-getting-trapped-inside-wall.html)