5 Years ago, my son was born. 5 years ago, I let drugs go. by t2_6fa20431

At the time, my fiancee was pregnant with our first child, I was in a deep downhill spiral with pain medication to deal with my spinal stenosis. Pain meds worked wonders for a while, but if you know anything about pain meds, you know that you slowly start to depend on more. My immunity to opioids grew significantly. It easily went from 4 a day to 8 to 16. I went from being prescribed tiny Tramadol tablets all the way to Feyntal patches. My 90 count prescription would be gone in a week. I started buying pills from some shady people doing some shady deals. I even tried heroin. Cheaper and better. But I got caught. Better stick with pills I thought. This was still the case on the day my son was born. I remember I was running low on my meds and was worried the whole time about not having enough medecine during our stay at the hospital. Then I watched my son being born perfect and healthy. (Greatest day of my life) During recovery with my fiancee after a few hours, I told her I was going to run to the store quickly for some things we needed. That wasnt the case. I had been setting up a deal to secure some pain meds. So I get to the ATM and try to withdraw. Insufficent funds. Tried again. Insufficient funds. I got so mad and stormed back out to the car. It was that moment. The moment I sat back down in the car. It was then I realized I had left my newborn son and fiancee at the hospital so I can go buy drugs. How selfish I had been and how fucked up of a place I let myself get to. I'm a father now and I have a kid that needs me. I told myself then and there that I am dedicating my life this day forward to my son and I need to be there for him, even if he is 3 hours old. I called my dealer and cut off the deal. I drove back to the hospital as fast as I could. I got back to the room and didnt leave the bed side until we we're walking out the doors with our newborn son. If my fiancee can give birth, I can go through withdrawls. So thats what I did. It was the hardest thing I've ever done but for the next 2 weeks I was right by her side and changed ever diaper I could get my hands on. But it was that day.. the day my son was born. I look back to that moment I got back in the car and the feeling that I felt leaving my son. From that moment, to this day, I haven't had pain medication. I grew up quick that day and I am a better person for it. But most importantly, the only thing in this world I want is to be the best dad I can be. I dont know where I would be without you. Thanks son. You saved me.