The girl I met in the train, Part 4 by t2_dlio62kn


Hi friends 👋, this the 4th part of the story. So if you haven't read the first parts, please do, so that the story would make sense. You can easily find the previous parts on my profile, just click on my profile j0hnwikk above the title. I hope you will read them.

I couldn't stop thinking about her. She is the first and last thought that runs through my mind every day. I think about her when I wake up  and I go to sleep thinking about her every night. Sometimes I dream about her. I realised it was not infactuation or a crush, I really liked this girl. 

The music I hear reminds me of her, the movies I see sometimes reminds me of her, everytime I see something pretty, it reminds me of her. Memories about her made me a better person.Whenever I'm about to do something wrong, her image pops up in my mind and I don't do it. Love does change people. It makes me laugh sometimes realising that she doesn't even know how much impact she made on a guy she met in a train.

One year went by, one year. It was summer holidays and I was about to be in 12th grade.
The local church organises a guidance program for all students who are in highschool and for those who are about to be in highschool. It was a 3 day program and it was kind of mandatory. I didn't go the first day of the program because I was unaware of it. I learned about it when I reached the school ground in the evening to play football. I was not really much interested in going the second day because I was actually not in a mood to socialize. I was not that happy with the changes happening in my life too.

Second day afternoon my best buddy called me and said let's go to the program. He insisted and I cannot say No to my close friends. All my homies had asked me to come to the program the next day, when I went to play. One thing I like about my country and my town is that, you could easily be friends with everyone. We were like a big family. 

So I went with my buddy to the church auditorium. We were pretty late, the afternoon session had already begun. The students were divided into different groups. We took two chairs from the back of the hall and joined the group that was closest to the entrance of the hall. I adjusted my seat ,sat down comfortably, looked up to see the girl I thought I would never see again. The girl that was stuck in my heart like the thorns of a rose. It was surreal, it was like it was meant to be. I felt like the universe wanted us to meet again. When I saw her, I felt exactly the same way I did when I met her the first time, although this time I fell even harder for her.


Will be continued.

Thank you for reading. Your feedbacks are valuable,DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Give an upvote if you liked it. I will see you friends soon🖤.