i broke in to my client's house by t2_4imm9h0f

yes, you read the title right. yes, this is true and it happened to me not even an hour ago. 

so i run a house sitting buisness in my area. my business is mostly word-of-mouth and my own cards i leave at local businesses. ive been doing this for a few years and not to brag, but ive built up a pretty good rep and clientele. i havent had any jobs since lockdown which sucked but was ok because i am not financially independent. 

a few weeks ago, one of my clients got in touch with me and asked me to do a job for her starting saturday (today). shes a new client and this is my first job with her. when i did my initial meeting with her and she showed me how to take care of her animals, and i could tell right off the bat that she was a very nervous person. she was so finicky that she even showed me how to work the microwave and the oven, among several other common household appliances that i def already knew how to use.

anyway, today is the first day of my first job with her. i went for a nice day trip with my family to the lake and that was really fun. my phone died on the way back because its battery sucks. i got back just in time to give the horse some dinner so i plopped everything down, plugged in my phone, and went outside empty handed. 

well. little did i know she has one of those doors that only locks on the outside so you can get out without knowing that its locked but cant get back in without a key....

i came back and upon seeing that the door i came out of was locked, i sighed and went around to the front door. but. the front door. was locked. i tried every door. locked. i tried to slide something in the slider door to see if i could pop the latch and get it open. i couldnt. with all of my things including my phone in the house, my only option was to walk to a neighbors house which was terrifying cause im a 19 year old girl knocking on stranger's doors by myself. but it was the only thing i couldve done, and i live in the country so its not like i could walk to a supermarket around the corner or anything. 

so i walked to the house right next door. no one home. i walked across the street. no one home. i walked down the street and finally found someone. a sweet lady, which was a relief. i knocked on her door. 
"heyyyy so im your neighbors house sitter and i, uh, i, hahhh... i locked myself out" she asked what she could do to help and i just asked if i could borrow a phone to call my dad. 

my parents were on their way and while i waited, i walked back to the house to see if i could pop out a window screen and see if it was unlocked. it wasnt. i searched for a hidden key. didnt find one. i sat on the deck in defeat, and my parents arrived shortly after. after maybe 30 mins of trying to find a way in, my dad found an unlocked window that was kinda high off the ground. we found a ladder in the garage, and my dad ninja'd his way up there. pretty spry for a 47 year old man. he opened the door and let us in, then i went right inside and clipped my keys to my jeans' belt loop.

thanks for reading my story. im so glad we didnt have to call a locksmith or my nervous client. anyway, i need to wind down. im gonna make some hot chocolate and watch the office. peace ✌

TL;DR im on my first job with a new house sitting client and i locked myself out of her house. had to call my dad using a neighbor's phone so that he could find and climb through an unlocked window

edit: i read this post to my dad and he said "yeah thanks... pretty spry for an *old man*. just so you know, i didnt need a ladder! i couldve scaled that wall but i didnt because i wouldve left smudges on the side of her house and mightve pulled a muscle. you know why?? cause im. pretty! spry!!"