Help! I'm eating my friends by t2_12oy8pf7

I'm a 14-year-old man and I'm suffering from lycantrophy. Basically, I randomly get attacks of extreme hunger and I must eat the closest thing that my feral instinct finds edible. When I was a child, it wasn't a problem, because I was eating only proper food. I once ate our cat, but my mother thought it was taken by the tornado that just crossed the area, so I went away with that.

But recently it went beyond control. I started growing at insane rate - 2 years ago I was 150cm and 55kg, and now I'm 215cm and 220kg. And as soon as I became much larger than my peers, the problems started to surface. At first, I ate my classmate in the middle of an English class. I just started feeling so hungry that I couldn't follow the teacher - despite of the fact that I'd had my lunch. And after a moment I had no choice - I had to eat. I jumped on the closest classmate and just started biting and eating him. The entire class including the teacher tried to get me away from him, but it was impossible - "inhuman strength". Once I became myself again, there was blood everywhere, I was sick to full stomach, and what remained of my classmate... I don't want to talk about that.

About half an hour later a policeman showed up. He took me to his car and drove me to my parents.

After that, I ate maybe a dozen of people. It's like, one moment I'm completely fine, and the next moment I'm feeling extreme hunger and just must eat. And what comes next - I find myself plucking and eating raw meat from something red - I remember it well, but when it happens, I can't even identify what, or who, is that - it's just food and I need it badly. Then I become myself again and realise what I've just done...

I was taken to a psych ward, and they tried a lot of drugs, but none of them worked - I was indeed much calmer when being myself, even apathic, but once the hunger kicked in, I just attacked and ate whoever was nearby. I ate a doctor and 3 nurses, and then I was set free - they said they cured me, but in reality, they just were afraid of being eaten. They tried bear gas, but I did more bad than good - I was blinded so I couldn't use the shreds of control, I just ate the first thing that smelled like a living creature.

After I was handed to my parents, they tried many methods, and found one that worked - if I had some food nearby, I'd jump on that food and eat it instead of a person or pet. So, for over a year, I always kept some food around, and ate a lot of it. I was gaining weight like crazy. Quickly I crossed the BMI threshold of 40, which makes me "monstrously obese".

I continued a relatively normal life, and even found a girlfriend. She really liked me, and I confessed to her about my problem. But one day she recommended me to try to lose weight by not having any food around me I could eat. Result - I don't have a girlfriend. I mean, I still have her, all over my body, and she'll greatly boost the strength of my muscles next time I need them to eat someone.

I'm so hungry...