I kinda ruined a kid’s birthday party. by t2_519amhdz

Welp, first post and it’s gonna be about me being kind of a jerk. 

Alright, let’s take it back about three years ago. I just finished putting in a few applications for a couple jobs and decided to go get something to eat because I had to walk about 20 minutes to each place. 
I stop at a McDonald’s because it was cheap and I had no energy to go somewhere healthier. Walking through the parking lot, I saw it was absolutely packed with cars. Kinda like when they were doing the Szechuan Sauce thing but no screams of “Pickle Rick” were heard this time. Since it was a Friday and around the time a nearby elementary school got out, I figured these were parents taking their kids to go eat, but when I walk inside, there is not one person in the main area. At all. Kinda like the Apocalypse just started and everyone got raptured. 

So I call out to the silence “Hello?” No answer. And as I’m turning to leave, thinking something’s gone way wrong, this woman appears out of thin air behind me. (You know Joo Dee from Avatar? Imagine that level of creepy.) She says “Hi there!” In about as annoying of a voice you’d think and starts sizing me up looking for something. Before I can say anything she says “So where’s Tammy’s present?” (Might’ve been Tina, I dunno.) Once I tell her I don’t have one, she points to the door behind her and says “Well you can leave then.” Naturally I take this as a joke because...well...hungry. So with the dots connected I try to laugh it off and as I turn around to go wait for an employee to show up, she steps in front of me and does a cross between a “Mom-Bar” and a Stiff Arm. I could’ve left but I just had to ask “Are you serious?” And she launches into a torrent of “Private Party” this and “disrespectful” that, during which a worker finally comes half to my rescue by simply shouting “How can I help you?!” I say my order only to get shouted over by this very angry mother. 

After maybe three minutes of ear piercing screaming, the birthday entourage of about 12 parents and 20 kids come in from the Play Place of Hell only to see me sitting in a booth with the birthday girl’s mom giving me the business. One of the parents does that “You’re being an ass” throat clear and she turns around and the birthday girl, tiara, dress and all says ”Mommy, why are you yelling at that person?” And the mother starts stammering for words. Obviously she can’t bring herself to say “Oh our private party in a damn McDonald’s was so rudely interrupted by someone who was hungry of all things!” So I decide to give her a hand and say “She was just telling me how excited she was to get each of you 20 NUGGETS.” Turns out, kids go ape-shit for McNuggets. Like. Damn. Even some of the parents were kinda hype. But it all ends quick as the birthday mother says loudly and slowly “NO ONE is getting Nuggets.” 

First a sob, then a cry then about 16-17 full blown tantrums break out. Nuggets were (falsely) promised and now their dreams are in shambles. One kid threw napkins, another started throwing presents. In the chaos I ran to the counter where my food was waiting for me. I quickly paid and tore out of McDonald’s faster than I ever have before. On the way out I heard three parents yelling “Put the cake down!” I can only assume the many screams I heard were someone putting the cake down...on the floor. 

Well I hope this isn’t too wall of text-ish, but if it gets taken down, so be it. 
Moral of the story? Do not. Lie. About. Nuggets.