I still love her. by t2_cim0lkhd

Growing up, my mother was a single mother raising six of us, my father an abusive drunk who took the frustration of losing my mother on me, the eldest. My mother did her best over the years, but she took it personally when I signed up for the marines the second I graduated high school. 

When I was 19, I started playing around with the barracks bunnies until I was called for my first deployment. By the time I was 23, I married the bunny that got pregnant by my child and I was halfway across the world. My mother loved my wife until the lies came to light that she purposefully drained my account after aborting my daughter. 

When I was 24, my contract ended and my divorce was finalized. I settled in on the outskirts of a large military city far from my family. The PTSD confined me to online dating sites and late nights of angerly drinking and gaming, as well as shooting guns with old buddies. 

When I was 27, I was talked into going out with friends on a group date. The woman I was to be set up with was the forbidden fruit of my buddy, as she was close friends with his ex wife and was a personal favorite in the babysitting part of a majority of my friends. Not only did she babysit their offspring, the ones who didnt have children paid her for babysitting on drug trips. 

The date was a 90s theme night at the local bar. She was 21 and by far the most beautiful person I ever met. A couple shots left her giggly and playful and we had a blast dancing and talking. She ended up going home with me and I didnt take her home until three days later. 

Over the next three months, things were amazing. She turned 22, I turned 28. We spent every minute of every waking moment together, both in person and online. We started our relationship out with friends with benefits but quickly became best friends. She listened to a lot of my meltdowns and weak moments and I grew protective of her. There were no secrets between us and we grew to know each others facial expressions and meanings like we knew ourselves. 

Right into the fourth month of our friendship, she asked me to come over where it was revealed that she was pregnant. My brain went immediately to abortion, hers adoption. My mouth went immediately to insults. I had a million reasons to not want the kid, but it all came out as me attacking her. I told her I couldn't see a future with her and that I wasnt dad material. I saw that it hurt her and deep down I tried to stop but she ended up storming out after I told her she would make a terrible mother. 

 A week later, she came and cleaned out my place of all her stuff, and left everything I had left st her house. It was then that it was made clear that she was raising the kid and that I could go fuck myself. I tried to take everything back and I begged her to stay but the last thing she said to me in person was that her time was no longer dedicated to me, her child deserved at least one parent that would love them the way they deserved.

Four months into her pregnancy I was in her inbox every night, drunkenly begging her back. She always called me to check on me and sent my buddies to my house when she thought I was going to harm myself. 

Seven months into her pregnancy, I was drunk at my mothers when I got the call that she had been in a car accident. My mother didnt know about her or the fact that I had a child on the way, so needless to say the car ride was tense. My mother waited in the waiting room the whole 16 hours it took the doctor to save the child and her. The baby was fine, we had a healthy baby boy, but her heart stopped three times that night. She spent a week in the hospital, and I never left her side. My mother helped us tremendously and fell in love with the baby. We fought all week behind her back because I still didnt want to father him. My mother ended up swapping phone numbers behind my back with her before she left. After she was discharged and back on her feet, I ghosted her. She wanted to talk about a relationship but I couldn't fuck the kid up. 


When I turned 30, she was 24. She left our son with my mother and came over and cussed me out. It was the first and only time that shes ever given me an ultimatum. Man up or lose her. I chose to man up. 

Now I'm 32 and shes 26, our son is 4. I spend every waking moment making up the past to her. I just ordered her ring yesterday and I asked her mother for her hand last weekend. I can only hope and pray that I am half the man my family needs me to be. They truly are my saving grace and I need her to know that she and our son are my entire world.