Just something I want to vent out by t2_31ag9aew

So whenever I was around 10 years old, I went on a cruise throughout Central America, and one of my stops was a beach hot spot in Mexico.  When I went to the beach with my parents, after some fun playing around in the shoreline, my parents asked me to snorkel.  I still wanted to explore around the beach finding various sea shells for my own personal satisfaction, but they kept insisting it would be a fun experience, so I went along with it.  Whenever I started, since I couldn't swim, and I was worried that I would sink down to the floor (despite it shallow), but whenever I went in there, I was surprised that I was actually able to float (this was when I learned about the buoyancy of the human body).  It was a lot more fun than I was expecting it to be, and then I decided to step on the seabed, and it looked particularly satisfying because of the way the sand floated up the water.  For about another 10 minutes more, I kept snorkeling and stepping on the floor.  Then, I somehow managed to step on a Jellyfish, and it ended up stinging me on my hip.  It took about 20 seconds for me to fully process the pain, and I didn't realize it at the time, but I went to anaphylactic shock.  There was a gradual immense pain burning all over my body, and I was with my Mother at the time, so it didn't take until 30 seconds to realize what just happened.

She was carrying me to shore which took about around close to 3 minutes to fully get to the shoreline.  There was something particularly painful whenever I stared at the shoreline as I was experience immense physical pain while taking the long trip there.  After that, I was put on a folding stretcher and they stripped me down in order to isolate where the jellyfish stung me and the severity of it.  I was then rushed to a shitty mexico waiting room with nothing with a blanket on me.  I was feeling embarrassed because not only was I wearing nothing but a blanket, but I constantly vomited into a bucket through the entire time.  I don't know the conversation my mother and the others had with the office, but apparently it convinced them to leave the room and rush me to a medical facility on a cruise ship. At a point whenever I was being boarded, I ended passing out.

I woke up in a hospital room in the ship where I was treated.  The strangest thing I thought in the room wasn't the fact that a certain situation had led me there, but it was whenever I saw an IV stuck in my wrist, I didn't feel any pain at all.  My mother explained that was the result of pain killers they put me on.  Later, I saw the large scar that the Jellyfish left me, which stretched out on my right hip for about a foot and a half which they said would never heal. For the rest of the cruise, I didn't have any significantly fun experiences except for the zip lining I did in Belize.  Through the course of two more years I saw my scar getting gradually smaller until it didn't exist anymore, so I found that strange.  But something far stranger to me then anything else that I had experience - the jellyfish sting, being carried around in a stretcher, the painless IV in my arm - was that through the entirety of that experience, I did not once think about the possibility of me dying at all, or even the concept of life and death itself, despite how much pain I was in. My child-like mind didn't even consider that at all, which might've been why I lived through all of that.  And that's taught me something very important; if you are ever on the verge of dying, never think about those disgusting concepts, and only think of moving forward, or your death is going to be that much more miserable.

If you actually read through all of that, thank you.  I just felt like venting that story out to a community because the topic was recently on my mind.  I understand that some of it might be cheesy as hell, but honestly, regardless of how cheesy it was, those were the words that I would use to describe those events that transpired.