I went into an abandoned factory and saw things… by t2_cwd50exv

Hello, I’m a 15 year old male and I’m on a phone so format isn’t gonna be the best I’m sorry. I was bored and wanted to get food at my local dunkins which was a 33 minute walk from my house (more like 25 cause I walk fast). They were open but only drive through cause of COVID so I waited for the McDonald’s to open but in the meantime I had entered a passage way leading into an abandoned factory, or so I thought. I took pictures outside and inside and they’ll be provided, I had sent one to my friend cause she wanted to see but she asked “who’s that?” I didn’t see anyone on the inside so I said “there’s nobody” and she followed up with saying it’s like a horror movie. She was right, the lights were on but no one was working and the stuff was worn down and not working, trust me I tried. I explored upstairs where I found a locker room consisting of stuff belonging to what I think was the workers, it was dirty and all left behind as if in a rush to leave the area. I didn’t think of it and moved to the attic which I had explored and almost fell through the thin floor. I decided to go into the roof but I got scared and went back cause I didn’t wanna get caught since it was by a main road,I ventured downstairs where I found nothing but darkness and rust. I found a door leading to a basement, stupid me going into it had found a tunnel which lead to a dead end with a ladder leading into a floor board, I decided to walk back but I saw a tall skinny shadow like figure. I hallucinate a lot so I thought nothing of it but then I started getting a feeling I wasn’t safe and called my friend and told her about it and ran to the exit which I came from. I tore my shirt leaving the property but I was safe. I wondered who that was but I took my mind off it by buying 2 gas browns and a Dasani water from McDonald’s cause I was hungry and me and my friend made jokes about her relationship and ours cause we had previously been together,I got home and sent a video (will also be provided) which had a scary figure and sirens which reminded her of the hunched figure I hadn’t seen, I am terrified what was it and what would’ve happened if I was there for longer? Would I have been taken from where I stood and killed? I don’t know but I’m scared and want answers.