A girl says I got her pregnant... I'm gay by t2_s4xc87tu

I (19m) live with my parents who or well off for themselves (note: they pay for nearly all of my expenses including my college) who are very openly homophobic. I also have a bestfriend who for now is called Keirra, we've been friends since grade school. Kierra loves and is always out partying (this is significant to the story). I have a boyfriend named Jamie (20m). Me and Jamie have been dating for about a year (note: Him, Keirra, and I are the only people who know). Now, about 7 weeks ago Jamie had a party at his house and invited me an Kierra. Everyone  was drinking however every drink I had that night was handed to me by Keirra (I had 2 the whole night). I started feeling dizzy and nauseous so since it was Jamie's house I went to his room and layed in his bed starting to fall asleep (note: I was fully clothed ik this because Jamie helped me and saw me sleeping). That was what happened that whole night and nothing else, however this morning Keirra showed up at my parents house saying I got her pregnant, as said before she know I am gay and me and Jamie are together. My parents were surprised the asked what proof she had, she then proceeded to pull out her phone and show a picture of both of us naked laying in Jamie's bed from the party 7 weeks ago. She then proceeded to say we've been dating since we got out of high-school. My parents were shocked and told us we needed to discuss what we were gonna do and said that it's all my responsibility to raise a kid now. Keirra dragged me to the living room and told me I had to options I either treat the babies (she's having twins apparently) like they are mine or she outs me. She told me she got knocked up a while back at a party and is 6 weeks exactly and the she didn't know who the real father is so it would be in my best interest to "help" your bestfriend out. So I am currently sitting here locked up in my room debating whether I devote the rest of my life to kids who aren't mine as well as a woman I've lost all trust in and make everyone else happy, Or come out to my parent and tell them about Jamie almost guaranteed to be disowned and lose all the savings the used/have for me including my college tuition and various other things (like living space).

So I have came to the place where I hear a ton of people ask for advice on what to do. 

So wth should I do in this f-ed up situation?