The Most beautiful girl I have ever met, Part 2 by t2_dlio62kn

Hii friends 👋, This is the second part of the story, if you haven't read the first, you could easily find it in my profile, I hope you read from the start🤗.

Her smile, her eyes ,her nose, her cheeks,her eyebrows, her forehead,her hair, her lips,her fingers makes me realise she is a form of art. She is the work of an artist. She makes me believe in God a lot more because I don't think a normal human or science could describe her. She is heavenly and maybe God drew her in his leisure. I think God was so impressed that he gave his painting life and placed her on Earth. 

I couldn't see her all the time, she and her friends changed places quite often. We had a whole compartment of the train to us. I have no idea whether she noticed me, I would be surprised if she did. I became friends with the boys of my team and I didn't ask them anything about her.

I wanted to approach her and talk to her, but I couldn't. I have never been in love and I never talk to a girl unless it's mandatory. I am not even friends with girls of my class. I am not an introvert, I have a lot of friends and all of them are boys. I usually approach girls for homework and pen. I don't think I ever had a conversation with them for anything else, because I never felt the need.

Six days passed away, the tournament was over. We were the first state football team to win a medal. We got third place and I played every minute. It was a great achievement for me and I was so happy. We were returning home and I only had a few hours to talk to her. 

I was seeing the sunset through the windows , enjoying the view. I didn't realise she had taken a seat just opposite to mine. Sunset and the love of your life, what more could you ask for?. She was blushing watching the sunset. I literally got goosebumps. It was like lotuses blooming on her cheeks.

She was enjoying the scenery and I was looking at her. She was the 8th wonder of the world for me. I felt like I don't even deserved to talk to her. Who am I? I am just an average guy. I closed my eyes and thought about it for some time. My heart asked me to talk but my brain had other ideas, it just wouldn't let me start a conversation. It was a civil war and like every other war that happened in the face of the earth, nobody won. 

I opened my eyes to the most mesmerizing sight of my life. She was looking at me with a smile on her face. She waved her hands and said HI.


Story will be continued tomorrow😊.


Thank you for reading. Please do give me your feedback, DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Few people motivated me through their messages and comments after reading the first part. Thank you for that.
I will see you friends tomorrow 🖤.