A Night That Changed my Life Forever by t2_fmlifxq

One day I was super hungry. But my parents were in another state. Fortunately for me I knew there was a quince down the street. You know, those parties that happen when a Mexican Girl turns 15.

Usually they have bomb food at these parties that I'd get for free. But I didnt know the family that had the party. Butttttt....I had a friend that knew the birthday girl. She was pretty cool. She was my ticket in.

It was about 7 Pm when I got off from lifeguarding that night. As I left work I called up the girl to she if she was ready for me to pick her up.

....no good....she hadn't even gotten home

So when I got home I decided to get dressed for this party...although I was in it just for the food

Called her again.....still hadn't gotten home....pissed

Finally it's about 8 pm when I have decided to just go to bed. I had just gotten into my PJ's and slipped into bed when I got a call from her!

Finally!

I jumped out of bed , got dressed, hopped in my car, and drove off to her house.

When I finally arrived at her house I had to wait a few mins before she came out....make up and all that.

Yes! We were heading to the 15 ! I was so hungry!

It took about 30 mins or so for us to arrive. It was about 9:45ish...

I parked the car but she didn't wanna go in....told me she wanted to wait for her friends to get there. 

WE SAT IN THAT CARS FOR HOURS!

Friends arrived.

IT WAS EMPTY!!!

THE FOOD WAS ALL GONE!!!

It was about 1 in the morning when we finally went in. 

NO ONE WAS THERE. I WAS PISSED! 

She told me we could go to taco Bell....

Soul was lifted! 

she told me she would pay for it all

I COULDN'T BE HAPPIER!!

AND SHE SAID SHE WOULD PAY FOR GAS! 

*TEARS*

As soon as we exited the party it started raining lightly. 

As I left that parking lot, little did I know my life was going to change forever


I remember going around a curve in the road when I felt the car pull hard. It kinda felt like I went to sleep .

When I awoke, I was horrified to see my car wrapped around the tree. Turns out that my car had hydroplaned into a tree. 

I was stuck in the driver's side. Trying to get out was hopeless. I was pinned against the tree and the car door was so crumpled it couldn't be opened. 

Then It felt like I was going in and out of consciousness. 

When I woke up again , a police officer was shining a light in my face asking me questions. Probably seeing if I was under the influence of a substance like drugs or alcohol.

But I was able to give him all the correct information As well as emergency contact info. 

Then I felt like I went to sleep again

I woke up again and I was surrounded by first responders. Flashing lights everywhere!

The next thing you know my car door was ripped off using a machine called the Jaws of Life. 

Drifted off

Woke up

They were cutting my seat belt and the seat itself to pull me out.

Drifted off

Woke up

My seat was removed with me still sitting In it. The responder pulling me to the ambulance told me not to look down....but I did. 

As I looked down I was horrified to see my right leg missing. Just mangled flesh and exposed bones.

He restrained my head back

The last thing I remember was  being placed into the ambulance when they stuck me with something similar to morphine. 

Then I felt myself falling into a dark void...

I kept falling and falling ....then my fall started to slow and slow and slow until I landed in the softest bed. 

I remember thinking that I was glad that it was all a dream. 

When I opened my eyes I was staring at a nurse and he told me that he was glad I was awake , but he had to put me back asleep because I had to go back into surgery .

I tried to say something but I couldn't because of the tube down my throat to keep me breathing. Then I was out like a light. 

When I awoke a second time I was in the Intensive Care Unit. I looked around to see my family together crying. 

During that car accident I lost my left leg, broke my right femor, left arm was broken, small instestine was ripped and bleeding, couple of broken ribs, bleeding on the lungs, C7 Vertebrae fracture that could have Paralyzed me, lost 3 teeth, left pinky was ripped down to the bone, left ear was ripped nearly off, and had bleeding on the brain. 

I was lucky to be alive. 

I went through alot that night guys. My old life died that night but a new life was born. 

For the next two weeks, I remained in the hospital slowly healing. Then after that I started the painful and road of learning to live with my new disability. 

What I learned about living with disability is that it isn't just about how to recover physically but how to cope with it mentally. 

I can't thank my family enough for all the help.

All this happened 3 years ago. 

Today I am currently back working. It's actually my 1 year anniversary at the YMCA. 
On top of that, I decided to get recertified as a lifeguard! Also, I'm in the process of finishing up my degree. And lastly, today was my first time driving to work since that car accident. 

No Matter the Obstacle Life throws in your way, You can Overcome guys! 

Thank you 😊👍