Just Enjoy It... by t2_3mm1p73l

My girlfriend and I took a trip a few years ago to the wonderful and magical land of Savannah, GA for her birthday. By midday, we arrived at a nice little Irish pub in the middle of town and sat at the bar to finish out our day of celebration. An older gentleman hobbled in and sat two seats down from me and the bartender yelled, "gettin' your usual?" The old man muttered, "yee." Clearly he was a local and frequented the place...

My girlfriend and I went about our conversation, I mean after all, we were there to celebrate a birthday and haven't even made it halfway through our first pint, so we had work to tend to. As we toasted to a new age and another year, the old man leaned over and told us it was his birthday as well and that he turned 72. As anyone would, we raised our glasses and wished him a HAPPY BIRTHDAY! I told him we were there celebrating my girlfriend Kelsey's birthday and she turned 27. He immediately followed up that his late sister's name was Kelsey and her middle name was Ann......which was my girlfriend's middle name as well. I thought to myself, "he's 72, she's 27. Her name is Kelsey Ann and his sister's name was Kelsey Ann....huh, interesting."

He began to tell us story after story of his sister and their family. At some point, he had mentioned that his sister attended Parker High School and once again, I thought to myself, "my girlfriend's mom's maiden name is Parker, so strange." Parker is a Scottish name and right as I put that together, he told us that he played bag pipes with a group of....bag-pipers?? And they would put on shows throughout the year in Savannah. I looked up his group name and sure enough, there were plenty of photos of him in a kilt alongside his bandmates, blaring on the bag pipes and marching through the streets.

After some delicious drinking and good conversation, the old man stood up to leave. At that moment, Kelsey asked him if he had any advice from a 72 year old to a 27 year old.....his eyes began to water and his lips started to quiver. Out of his mouth came 3 words that completely changed my thought process on my day to day and will never forget them....

"Just enjoy it."

That was it. Just enjoy it. Simple enough, right?! No big deal, nothing mind blowing or life-altering you would think. But the timing of this entire situation was exactly that - life-altering - for both of us. How the hell does that many things line up with almost half a century between complete strangers?!? He gave, in my opinion, the best advice I've ever heard and ever will hear.

All of that rambling to say - nothing lasts forever, bad or good. It is inevitable that all things come to an end. If you find that you are weak, anxiety-ridden, stressed the fuck out, at the end of your figurative rope, unsure of what to do or where to go - take a moment. Just a moment. Breathe in. Breathe out. And where you are right now.....just enjoy it.