My mom gets fired for stealing, but the person who accused her was the real thief by t2_7zyje85z

This is a story that my mom told me and I thought it was so funny that I decided to share it with you guys. 

It takes place when my mom was in college and she was working part time at a jewelry store. She was a good employee, and had been working there for four months. She was always on time, good at her job, and was extremely honest.

One day she is informed by her shift manager that money was missing from the cash register and he asks if she knows where it went. My mom says if she knew anything she would tell him and the conversation ends there. Over the next few days money keeps disappearing from the register and it becomes clear to everyone that there is a thief. And it had to be an employee because the cash register needed a key that only the workers had to open it.

The manager starts limiting the people who could have the key to the register in hopes of finding the thief quicker. The only people who had it were the manager, shift manager, my mom (because the manager trusted her so much) and a few other people. Money still kept vanishing, so the manager narrowed down to the people he gave a key to.

The money always disappeared after the shift that my mom and shift manager worked, so the top two suspects were them. Shift manager told manager that he had seen my mom steal money and smuggle it in her purse earlier that day. My mom denied this and told them to search her purse if they didn’t believe her.

The manager couldn’t find the stolen money in her purse but he claimed that she must have hidden it elsewhere because she knew they would search her purse. After that he fired her.

My mom was in such disbelief that she started crying (she is the most honest person I’ve ever met and she wouldn’t lie to save her life). She thought that the manager trusted her and knew that she was an honest person, but it turns out he was willing to believe anything. My mom knew that the shift manager was the real thief, but she had no evidence that could prove this.

A few weeks later, my mom found a new job at another jewelry store. It didn’t pay as much as the other one, but it was better than nothing. About a month later, she gets a call from her old manager begging her to come back.

I’m so sorry that I thought you were the the thief. When you left the money kept getting stolen so we know it couldn’t have been you. I realise now that shift manager set you up and he’s the real thief. Please come back to work for us I’ll give you shift manager’s position and a raise. He told her

My mom was happy that he finally came to his senses and saw that she wasn’t the thief. The offer to go back and work at the other store was flattering, but she declined it

I appreciate the offer, but I won’t work for a company that can’t even believe me when I say I’m not lying. Besides I found another job already. She told the manager 

My mom is pretty sure that shift manager got arrested for all the money he stole, which served him right. She eventually left her job at the other jewelry store and now she’s a nurse practitioner. My mom has told me many other stories about the jobs she used to work at and let me know if you want me to write about those as well.