Sometimes I try to drown myself by t2_9zvao2xc

Its currently 3 am where am from, im in the tub writing this shit. I just woke up, tired but trying to compile and comprehend what just happened. So a moment ago, i just tried to drown myself. Most of the times i try this myself, I don't usually go all the way. But a while ago I almost actually did it. When you start going underwater, things seem and feel normal. It's just like taking a bath, a normal cool relaxing feeling. The longer im in it the more comfortable it gets. I have this part of me that always tells me to stay underwater. This time I almost listened to it. I slowly started to lose to the eariness around the comfortable feeling. You'll feel this jolt, something that wakes you up. A sense of panic and instinct to stop, I ignored it. Thinking to myself that I was finally a little relieved cause for the first time I might actually find peace, I'd actually have  the courage to do it myself. That silence, that slow silence residing in my mind was calming. It's like being stuck in a blackhole. I was about to lose my breath thinking, "this it it". Then someone knocked, my little cousin about 6 years old, he was calling my name and all I thought to myself was, the kid. Him seeing my lifeless body in the tub, wondering why I did it. Forever living with the trauma just because his stupid cousin was selfish and wanted to kill himself. Everything went from self pity to regret. I pulled myself up, out of breath. I answer him and ask, "what do u want?". He said in his cutest and innocent voice, "i just miss you". It gave me chills, and for the first time in my life, I was relieved I didn't continue. All of my attempts were all just full of self pity and regret. I've always beaten myself too much for not having the courage and it just resides in me. I can't fully comprehend or explain why i feel relieved, but everytime I do this it just gives me the jolt of purpose, cause in a way im still in control. Maybe a little fucked up but i have control. Maybe that's why I keep doing it and maybe that's the only reason I haven't have enough of me. As a suicidal adult in his early 20's, I live for the little things and sometimes those little things can have huge impacts in your choice and decisions. They say depression is complex and it cannot be controlled, others say it's hardly an illness. It's all in our mind and I think to myself how much people lacks empathy. You can't even read between the lines of the definition. It's all in the mind, that's exactly it. It can't be explained nor cured cause it's all in our minds. It's a battle no one can help us with. It's 3 am, my little cousin was suppose to be asleep, who knocked at the door? Maybe it was a hallucination all I know is im gonna live for another day. A higher power or maybe just fate wants me to stay a little longer, and I accept. 

\-T.V.L