High school love by t2_1ys7bplp

Sad boi story time.
So i have liked this girl since freshman year (im a junior rn) and we have been a little off ab liking each other but i feel like its always been there a little. Half a year ago her brother died and it put her through a lot. I always made sure i was there to talk to and be there for her and would always pick up a call or ft. After like three months of face timing on random nights and sitting next to her in class she admits that she likes my best friend to me over ft. I was pretty crushed as i was hoping that she was into me but i talked to my friend ab it and he said that he “didn’t like her like that”. Another 2 months go by and right when i think its my turn i find out she likes my neighbor and guess what, he doesn’t like her back. I also found out that she knew ab me liking her and around that time she stopped ft me. This Christmas i just decided that sitting next to her was too much torture (and so was APUSH lol) and i switched around my schedule to be in a different chem class without her. Winter break ends and she starts snapping me saying that she misses me in that class and stuff like that but after years of telling myself ill never be good enough for her (the other 2 guys previously mentioned actually have abs lol im hella weak) i just blew it off. Two nights ago she starts snapping me and asking things like when did i like her and i basically end up telling her how i have liked her since freshman year. She had been hinting ab how she liked me back and i swear to god i have never sweated over something more over phone. We talk ab it and decide to hang and feel it out when i get back from vacation and that night i was ecstatic. Two days go by of light talking but tonight i got the snapchat. Shes saying that shes not ready to date and she has to get her stuff sorted out and take care of herself. I tell her its fine and i understand.
I don’t understand.
How can you “be ready” to date 2 people before me but not me. This is so fucking crippling to my self esteem as im sitting here looking at a lil bit of fat on my belly and chin and thinking ill never be hot enough for her. On top of that right after her telling me shes sorry for ending things she takes a pic w this super buff dude captioned “my favorite person” and sends me a snap of them up close. Ik i would be there for her everyday and be a better bf than those other guys. I just feel like a drunk idea that shes thinking wouldn’t work out. Ik alot of this sounds shallow ab like the body part but it’s honestly the only thing i feel like i can credit bc ik how great we would be together. Thanks for reading.