***TW*** by t2_95ju50ws

I was raped when I was 14.

Nearly a year after Abby, my sister, died; I went to a party, snuck out when my overbearing father went to sleep and I wore Abby’s clothes.
She was 16 when she died but my body developed faster than hers, I was already her size. I remember thinking my chest looked better than hers had in her own shirt. 

When I got there, no one seemed to notice the the difference in age. I was only a freshman but the party was full of seniors, maybe even some college kids. I drank until my head felt light and I danced until my muscles burned, then I was grabbed from behind. 

It was dark and I didn’t recognize the boy pawing at my chest but he leaned in to kiss me and I let him, he tasted of beer and cigarettes. I don’t remember walking to the bedroom but we ended up on a bed and when he started pulling down his pants, I realized how much I wanted to go home. I tried pushing him away. He called me a bitch and grabbed my wrists, holding them over my head with one hand while his other lifted Abby’s skirt. I should have put on a pair of my own jeans.

I tried to scream but he slapped me once, hard, and I went numb. I laid on the bed like a rag doll. I counted to a hundred in my head and stared at a picture of three girls displayed on the nightstand next to me until he was finished. He stood, pulled his pants up and said thank you, then he left. I laid in the same exact spot, still staring at the picture of the girls, the one with the green eyes was the prettiest. I was afraid he was going to come back. 

When I heard the door open, I bolted up and went for the window. A girl’s voice called after me so I turned around, she was wasted. She had one hand on her hip and the other on the door handle, it was the pretty girl in the picture. This is her room. 

I realized then that Abby’s skirt was still lifted up and blood was dripping between my thighs. I wanted to shout but I still felt the slap on my cheek. 

“You just did it,” the girl said, wiggling her eyebrows. I just stared. She noticed the blood and looked down at her bed, there was blood on the sheets too. I felt embarrassed. She just shrugged and tore them off the mattress. She swayed towards me and when she stood in front of me, she smiled. It was a lazy smile, only one side of her mouth tilting up but she made it look perfect. She took my hand. 

“I’ll clean you up,” she said and I let her lead me into the bathroom. The music had stopped and the lights were on, the party must be over. She got me into the bathtub and started the water, it was too hot but I didn’t say anything, I felt like my lips were glued shut. She sat at the edge of the tub, resting her chin against her hands, watching me with eyes that crossed every ten seconds. 

“So who was it, how was it?” I stared at her again and then stared down at my hands, the water was pink now and I noticed bruises forming around my wrists. A single tear rolled down my cheek and I leaned my head forward to cover my face with my hair. She noticed. 

“Oh,” was all she said for a long time and then, “Well, you don’t know who it was so don’t tell anyone, they’ll think you’re lying and call you a slut,” it was the most she had said to me, her voice sounded sad but I couldn’t tell, her words were slurred. Then she threw up in the tub. She leaned back against the wall and her eyes closed, she fell asleep. I saw scars peaking out from under her shorts.

I stood up and took off Abby’s shirt, unplugged the drain and turned on the shower instead. I remember looking down and watching the pretty girl’s vomit and my blood flow towards the drain. When I was done, I still didn’t feel clean. I left afterwards, no longer wearing Abby’s clothes. I stole a hoodie and sweatpants from the pretty girl and threw Abby’s stuff in the trash. 

I walked home and when I got through the window of my room, I walked straight to my backpack and went through every pocket until I found my pencil sharpener. I broke it apart until the only thing left was the blade and that night, I cut myself for the first time. It was a long, deep line, from the inside of my thigh to the center. I covered it with a bandage and hid the blade in the velvet lining of the music box perched on my desk. I went to sleep and dreamt of the pretty girl. 

She was thrown across the bed like a rag doll, a faceless man perched behind her. I tried to warn her but my mouth was glued shut, all I could do was stare into her round, green eyes.