The Time I (Accidentally) Dicked An Old Lady In The Face [NSFW] by t2_6pcn6oas

Alright folks, brace for a story that's become legendary with my friends

I present - The Time I Accidentally Dicked An Old Lady In The Face 

It was the summer of '17, an ordinary day, or so I thought. I was heading to town to meet my chums and go catch a movie. I was sat on the bus. It was pretty crowded and we all had to ignore the natural British impulse to avoid other humans. A little old lady sat next to me, I lovingly refer to her as Margret. 

Just before my stop the bus comes to rest by a few shops and the driver takes his 5 minute break. I'm idly staring out the window listening to my playlist of timeless edgy bops. That's when I spot her, a girl that is 11/10 my type. I get caught up staring for a moment, then I notice what she's doing as she sits on a bench. She'd brought some new shoes and was changing into them. Now dear reader, I'm a man with a thing for feet that'd put Tarantino to shame. So this is a cosmic event that could only be rivalled by such majesty as a double rainbow, seeing the northern lights or getting a really good pizza for like half price. 

The bus pulls away and as you can guess, I'm now at full mast. Boner ahoy and all that. The issue is, I've gotta get off at the next, rapidly approaching, stop. I'm faced with a conundrum. Do I wait? Get up and go as it stops? Risk Having to navigate a bus full of people getting up at the same time? Or do I go stand up there early? Be the first off but risk being the center of attention with the most throbbing erection I've had since I watched King Kong in cinemas (God bless you Naomi Watts)?

So I opted for the middle ground, to get up as the bus came to a stop, leave with one swift movement and no one be none the wiser. Trouble was, Margret threw a spanner in the works. She didn't move for me to pass, she simply leaned back and said "squeeze by dear". Again I was faced with a choice. Do I crush my manhood against the back of the chair, or point if at the sweet old dear. I went for the latter, figuring I can just smoothly swoop on by. 

The bus driver hit the breaks mid maneuver, I'm not sure why, I'm not sure if I'll ever know why but all I know for sure was that dear, sweet, kindly old Margaret's glasses almost got knocked clean off her face.

So there you have it, somewhere out there in the UK there's a girl with no idea that her decision to change shoes on a bench near a bus stop lead to a woman who looks like she'd seen both world wars getting a close encounter of the peen kind. 

At least Spiderman Homecoming was a fun watch once I got there.