8th Grade Diarrhea Horror Story by t2_ppowawq

True story: I have suffered from IBS for most of my life, and have experienced more than my fair share of gastrointestinal nightmares in the worst possible times and places, so today I am going to tell you about just one of them. 

When I was in 8th grade, we only had 2-3 minute breaks in between classes. I was in choir for 5th period, and the choir room was all the way on the opposite side of the building from the rest of my classes. On this particular day, I had been suffering from some pretty nasty stomach cramps. It sucked, but it was nothing terribly out of the ordinary. Choir class came to an end and I had to haul ass across the building in 2 minutes to make it to my English class. 

My English teacher was a total bitch and would often resort to ridicule and passive aggressive humiliation when dealing with students she didn't favorite. I often made fun of her to my friends, insulting her for always wearing the same striped, cotton turtle necks to hide her double chin. This might sound cruel on my part, but she was the type of teacher who favorited the popular, smart kids, and just had a shitty cynical attitude for any student who was less than perfect in her eyes. Anyway, in just 2 minutes I had to run across the school, go to my locker to switch my books, and make it to this bitch's dumbass class on time. Once I got to my locker it suddenly hit me that I had to pee really bad. I knew I was really running low on time and did not want to divert to the nearby restroom, but the building pressure in my gut made me realize I had little choice. 

Once I got to the bathroom I knew I was probably going to be late already, so I knew I had to empty my bladder in record time. In a rush of pure adrenaline and anxiety I pushed my pee out as hard and as quickly as I could. Apparently I pushed just a little too hard and I soon felt what can only be described as some of my pee leaking out of my ass and running down my leg. I immediately felt mortified and realized I had just squirted liquid shit all the way down my pant leg. It was the consistency of pure water and it smelled like propane, sulfur, and burnt tires. Nevertheless, I was so scared of my English teacher and missing/being late to class, that I ended up JUST RUNNING TO CLASS ANYWAY.

I arrived with seconds to spare, and promptly sat down in my own liquid shit, hoping no one around me could smell the demonic fumes eminating from my jeans. Our desks in this class were clustered together in pairs (Just fucking perfect, right?!) and I happened to be seated next to this really cute girl who made me super nervous. I kept looking at her out of the corner of my eye to monitor her expression, hoping to God she couldn't smell what I could smell. 

At this particular time in my English class, we were studying the history and culture of slavery in 1800s America, and Ms. Fat Turtle Neck Bitchface made us sing   "Swing Low, Sweet Chariot" as a class. I was absolutely petrified, and, not wanting to draw any attention to myself, could only mouth the words under my breath as my vocal chords remained paralyzed in fear. My dumb bitch of an English teacher didn't care to realize I had just come from choir and would normally have no problem singing out loud. She always seemed to single me out because, to be fair, I frequently missed assignments and didn't pay attention in class. So, to my horror, she came over and got her face super close to mine and made a sarcastic, angry smile, trying to force me to sing audibly. My anxiety just grew worse and I honestly could've passed out at this point from the pressure and potential humiliation. My forehead began producing beads of sweat, and I could feel myself blushing as I sat staring blankly ahead like a deer in the headlights. I stayed super still, trying avoid further agitating the pool of anal leakage in my pants and emitting even more toxic fumes into the space around me. 

The rest of the day went mostly okay, and I just kinda kept quiet and watched the clock in anticipation for when I could go home, change my pants, and relieve the mounting pressure in my bowels. Luckily I only had to get through one more easy class period and a bus ride before I could find the solace of my own commode. When I got home, I finally let out the rest of my shit, come to find out it was WHITE (I didn't tell anyone this at the time, but apparently that's a sign of liver failure or something, but it never happened to me again, so idk).

Anyway, I know this is a funny story, but I just can't believe sitting in my own diarrhea for 3 hours seemed like a better option to me than going to the nurse's office and facing the awkwardness of what had happened to me. I think it says a lot about how terrifying navigating the school system can be for kids who have anxiety and/or gastrointestinal problems, many of whom, like me, would rather just suffer in silence. 

Anyone else relate??