How tinder ruined my life. by t2_h5didqaf

 Hello! I just made this account to keep myself anonymous and talk about my experience of how tinder completely ruined my life. I'm 19 and a international student in the UK.

I've had a tinder date about a month ago, in which she agreed to come into my place and sleep over here, we had sex, we ate something together, she slept here and the next day I took her to the train station. To my surprise on week after that, I get arrested at home and taken to the police station while I was coming home back from work. At first I was completely convinced something had went on to which I was being blamed for mistakenly, something I had no idea of. Until I arrived at the police station I was in shock, scared as I've never been and almost in tears. When I arrived there, they told me what I was being accused of: rape of a girl above 18. The girl I had sex with that week. She blocked me everywhere after I left her on the station, which to me seems like typical girl behavior, didn't give a f about it.

Needless to say, I had to stay on a coldish cell for more than 40 hours. I did an interview in which I discussed my side of the story and ended up being released under investigation, to which no one has contacted me about anything yet. They siezed my clothing and my phone, I had to buy a new one, because I'm a student from outside and everything I need to live my life is on my phone. For that reason, I've been struggling to get enough money to eat properly. (I lived off my own savings and some monthly of my parents, which earn too little to give me that much money, they are outside the UK.)

Nowadays, my life is complete shit. I can't stand talking to anyone in person, I tried to a ton of times, for some reason I start feeling uncomfortable, I stopped going out because if I drink it gets even worse and I will just break down, I stopped talking to other people and can barely have any will to answer the messages people send me, I stopped working because I couldn't really be around people without feeling bad. My life has been ruined for something I didn't even do, I can't even imagine talking to another girl after this. I constantly feel numb or completely depressed, and to be honest, scared due to how this things never go to the guys side, even if he's done nothing.

I hope none of you ever has to go through this, I needed to share this with someone else.