Why being a horny 14 year old almost ruined my life by t2_2i0p0ytt

When I was like 14-15 (2 yrs ago) I was super horny and had lots of money saved up from birthday/Christmas and a few jobs here and there, so one day I ordered one of those giant sex doll ass things off Amazon. They were on amazon prime so I ordered it on a Friday and then woke up super early on Saturday to retrieve the package before my family got up. 

It looked something like [this](https://cdn.shopify.com/s/files/1/0828/3109/products/Pipedream_Fuck_Me_Silly_Mega_Masturbator_Angle_View_right.jpg?v=1539623179) 

So anyways I fucked the shit out of the thing like every other day, until I got lazy and stopped cleaning it. I had nowhere to hide it so I kept it in the giant cardboard box that it came in, and stored it in the back corner of my closet, with a giant ass blanket over it. Eventually I stopped using it so I sealed it shut with some tape

Now fast forward like 1 year ago my mom goes into my room when I’m out of the house, and cleans out my entire closet because she was tired of it being so messy. She finds the box but doesn’t open it, she said to me that I should use a knife to cut the box up into small pieces, and put it into the recycling bin for garbage day. I said “okay okay” but never actually got around to doing it because i knew that I needed to keep the box in order to hide the sex toy. Eventually she got really mad with me and said if I don’t do it by next week, she’s going to do it herself while I’m at school. 

So naturally i start panicking. I decided that I needed to get rid of the sex toy first before I got rid of the box. 

So when my mom and my sister left to go to Hollywood for shopping, I grabbed a knife from the kitchen and began attempting to cut the sex toy up into small pieces. The thing smelt vile and foul, so I actually needed to use my dads gas mask he had in the garage to even be able to breathe properly (for people who don’t know, the thing had a large amount of rotten cum, and spit used as lube all stuck in the fuck canals, and it was left there for MONTHS). 

Eventually I got everything cut up and evenly distributed the pieces into large black plastic garbage bags. By this time, my dad had gotten back from work, and my mom and sister were back. So I could not properly dispose of the sex toy pieces.

This thing was pretty big so I had like 3 bags full of the cut up pieces. I decided that my best bet at disposing of the bags without anyone noticing, was to get up early in the morning, around 2-3 AM, and go out and search for a dumpster to dispose of the bags. 

So I decided to do just that. Each garbage bag was just big enough to fit inside my school backpack, so i needed to make 3 trips, there and back. See I live in a very populated part of Southern California, so even late at night, there were still people out, meaning I couldn’t really just leave the bag somewhere random and risk someone opening it and being disgusted by me, so I needed to find and travel to 3 separate dumpsters.


I set out on my bike (I couldn’t drive I was 16) at 2:45 AM with the first bag in my backpack and found a dumpster behind a mini plaza that was closed for the night. It was relatively close to my neighbour hood so I got rid of the first bag pretty easy. The second one, not so much. And the third bag I found myself biking almost across the city (and I basically lived in Los Angeles, so there were LOTS of people still on the street, and lots of hills) just to find a discrete area/dumpster to use. 

Eventually I finished my 3 there and back trips from my house all the way out to some random dumpster at 3 AM. 

I was absolutely exhausted, but was relieved at the fact that I no longer had to worry about my mom finding the sex toy. 

Went through all of that trouble just for a few half decent nuts. By far the stupidest thing I’ve ever done as a kid/teen