I must go to war with McDonald's. by t2_iexorje3

Hey everyone, it's Ron, and today I have decided that it is time for war. War with who? McDonald's. Why? Well I will just tell you the story.

I recently went to McDonald's to buy some of the grease that they cook the french fries in, but sadly the person who was working the counter was an undercover NASA agent, and so he refused to sell me the grease.

So I went back the next day dressed as a McDonald's employee with a name tag that said "oil inspector." 

I then snuck behind the counter on all fours, crawled over to one of their deep fryers, grabbed it and then headed for the door, but the manager was standing near the door and got in my way and asked me what I was doing with the fryer. So I replied to him that the oil was broken and it was freezing the fries instead of cooking them and I was going to dispose of it. I then tapped on my name tag, sighed like I had had a long day, and said "just doing my job," and requested that he allow me to pass. He looked at me like I was crazy and said "sir, give me the fryer, there is no such thing as a McDonald's oil inspector except for the health code inspectors and they don't work for McDonald's." 

So I told him that I was actually his boss and that I was on undercover boss and that he would be fired if he didn't let me take the fryer. But somehow he knew what his real boss looked like, so in the end he called over three other people and they wrestled me to the ground, took my fryer, and kicked me out of the restaurant.

I have come to the conclusion that McDonald's is allied with NASA and knows my intentions with that oil, so now I have to go to war with them as well which scares me because McDonald's has some pretty impressive technology. 

But I have a plan. I have decided to brave the rapist cartel, and have begun construction on a wall around my property. This wall will be made of logs standing on end which are no shorter than 8 inches tall. For extra security, I will place a nearly spiked log every 28.284 yards, and instead of putting up signs that say "watch your step" I will put up signs that say "don't watch your step." This way they will trip and get bruises and stuff. 

I have also kidnapped a burger king employee since McDonald's is afraid of burger king. I tried to get the king of burger king (they called him their *"store manager"*) but he wasn't at work that day, so the jester will have to do.

Now if you are wondering why only McDonald's oil will work for me, the answer is actually quite simple. Since I am a vegan, I need to have oil which is not made out of whale blubber. McDonald's oil is the only oil in America which is made out of rabbit blubber instead, and since rabbits are robots, I can use rabbit oil. My new plan to aquire this oil is to dress as a health inspector with a name tag that says "doesn't even work for McDonald's" so that they will know that I am allowed to take the oil.