The girl I met in the train, Part 3 by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋, this is the third part of the story. If you haven't read the beginning, you can easily find it on my profile. I hope you read it🤗.


I waved back, she said her name and I said mine. I couldn't believe she started a conversation with me. I always noticed something about life. You can't figure it out, the things you least expect to happen usually happens and vice versa. I needed to keep the conversation flowing but I'm terrible at talking to girls, plus she is not some girl to me. I didn't want to say something stupid and ruin my first impression. Suddenly my teammates called me to another cell as they were planning on celebrating our victory. 

I reluctantly got up, I wanted to stay longer and talk something to her. I may never get a chance like this ever again. I knew I  had to go with my team, that was the right thing to do. As I was about to leave, she asked me, "are you going???". There are some moments in your life that you wish someone captured, it was one of those moments for me. All she said was just three words, it's crazy how little words said by the people we love can make such an impact. I nodded my head. She smiled softly. 


After the celebrations we had dinner. I was constantly thinking about her smile and those three words. I decided to go back to the cell we talked. It was almost midnight. Most of us had planned not to sleep that night as we wanted to enjoy the last day of our journey. Some where watching movies, some where playing card games, somewhere browsing, somewhere chatting, me on the other hand was about to make memories for a lifetime. Full moon night, cool breeze, love in the air and spotlight on me.

I went back to the cell and found her. She was gazing the night sky with her head resting on the shoulder of another guy. They were sharing one earphone and listening to some song. She seemed really happy. It was like she had everything that she ever wanted.

I went to another cell and sat down. Full moon night, cool breeze, love in the air but I guess the spotlight wasn't on me. There were  some people talking about them, enquiring if they were a couple. Some said they are a couple and some said they are best friends. I didn't pay attention to that. I plugged in my earphones and listened to songs perfect for my condition. One of my teammates came and sat next to me. He asked me to share the earphone. I shared my earphone, after a few minutes he went to sleep resting his head on my shoulders.

When you are born, you must be ready to die.
If you are In love, you must be ready to get hurt. I went back home with mixed feelings. I thought I would never see her again but I guess you can't predict what happens in your life.


Will be continued.


Thank you for reading. If you have any feedbacks please do share , DM or comments, it doesn't matter. If you liked my effort give an upvote. I will see you friends next day🖤.