Being a good neighbor is not that difficult... by t2_5f24e8cx

 We,  family of five,  mom, dad, twins girls and baby boy,  lived in a four bedroom, 60 year old home in a small village center, new england.  This was in the mid 1980's.   The house next door was  a duplex converted into four apartments, two up two down. This house was about twenty feet away from our home.

We had never had a problem with the neighbors that was not easily solved  just by talking over the fence, sharing a beer or a cup of tea.  That is until Sonny moved in t the apartment  upstairs on our side. 

 He was very nice coming and going, talkative and offered help when needed.  Sonny worked  second shift when he moved in and one day was telling us he got a new job and he was working daylight hours but had to get up at 4 am to get to his job by 6 am.. 

 Well Sonny had a clock radio/alarm...his bedroom was right next to the twins bedroom and  ours was on that side too..He put his clock radio on the window sill, he tuned it to WAAF, Worcester MASS..He had it at full volume..   he got up, took a shower, let for work,  radio blaring on the window...Husband call the cops.    .cops came,  his door was unlocked, cop entered bedroom, yanked to plug..... oh sweet slience..

The next day same thing,  someone else called the cops.   cop shows up kills radio..  I wait for Sonny to come home from work that day and explained to him about his radio at 4:30am and that the cops were called.  He apologized and said he would  not do it again..   thank you, i said.

the next morning the radio went off, yes it was on the window sill, yes he went and took a shower leaving the thing at max level and yes some call the cops,  cops quelled the noise.

I had had enough.. that day i hooked the hose to the spicket on that side of the house,  tied arope to the foot of one of the twins beds, threw it out the window, tied it to the hose.  Before we went to bed i turned on the water ad made sure the gun nozzle was not leaking and went to bed..

4:30am   Lead Zepplin, full blast     10 mins go by,  no silence....I got up, went to the girls bedroom, whipped up the screen,  hoisted up the hose and took care of the radio, his bed, his pillow and any other thing in that room.      Never heard music from there again..  Sonny found an apartment closer to his new job and he appoligized for being a bad neighbor.   no hard feelings...

I met him over this past summer, he was buying groceries for his elderly parents and we had a hug and shot the shit for a few and he brought up the hosing i had given his radio.. we had a good laugh and  hope to run into each other again...

by the way... i am a rotten speller,  i didn't have a typing class 50years ago and i have a corgi on my lap, in my recliner typing...i do the best i can...peace