A Gay Man Who Sexually Harrassed Me Taught Me As A Straight Male How Not To Treat Women by t2_4cwrdnf6

Trigger Warning: Does contain some uncomfortable material regarding sexual harassment physically and socially. 

I was 17 when I joined a play hosted by our community. Wasn't big by any means, but just an all ages play and I really like that sort of thing. 

One of the people at this play, we'll call him Ray, was around 24-25. That being said, after our first rehearsal he grabbed my ass. I wasn't really alarmed at first because it was so shocking i didnt really process that. Besides, i played football where slapping asses was commonplace. So i ignored it. 

About three weeks until the show, he started insisting that we hang out. At this point I got freaked out and started being kind and saying no due to being busy. Eventually he found my Skype and started to ask for pictures of my privates, asked to send his, then if we could meet behind a bar for him to play with me. I kept telling him no but he did not stop. By the time he stopped texting me I felt so angry and disgusted. 

That being said, the next rehearsal I noticed an open room that wasnt being used that was pretty spacey. So i asked Ray to come into that room with me. He was pretty giddy about it. I just wanted to make sure when i told him off that if he said no or tried any advances, young kids wouldn't be seeing some guy getting beat up. 

So we go in the room and I told him with that same rage i felt the night before that I never want to see him do what he did again and how close he got to me just beating the absolute crap from him for how he grabbed me and talked to me. I told him straight up if he tries even an iota of sexual harassment I wont be giving him any more warnings. He was vividly scared and I think I couldve been less threatening but at the time the way he made me feel caused me to react impulsively (something which i have much better control now). I think one of my exact quotes was "I only brought you in here incase you tried something and I didnt want kids to see blood on the floor."

Needless to say, he didnt ever pull that shit again. I asked advice about how I handled it to my girlfriend at the time and she seemed to let me just talk it out. What I felt most guilty about in this situation was that I learned later on that he had some mental issues and his insistent messages may had been from this and not due to an obsession. I feel terrible about how I handled it and I've learned to be a much more calmer and patient person. 

Anyways, this is the point. A few years later I realized through hearing stories and from exes that this behavior is common for women to experience; the main difference is that when women deal with behaviors like this they don't usually have the ability to intimidate or otherwise beat their aggressors to a bloody pulp (even of that's a very bad of going about it). In majority of cases, women simply have to accept this in public or deal with it using help of friends or leaving the situation. The only reason i could react the way I did was because Ive been beat up enough to not care about fights and most people who'd want to mess with me don't have 90-150lbs on me. After understanding this, I think I started to grow maturely on how to handle situations and overall respect people. I may have never went as far as Ray did, but Ray did teach me what to be mindful of and why I should care about how I treat anyone.

Edit: Just rewording so the story flows better. Some of my sentences were structured in a confusing way.