The time I slept with my crush (no sex) by t2_pgtyyhjt

one thing to keep in mind: I'm a lot different to other guys, I'm not a very sexually active person and things like that aren't my first interest when I start to like a girl. I'm not the type of guy to just hook up with someone, I've always wanted my first girlfriend to be my last and I haven't even had my first kiss yet lol. A lot of people think im weird for it but I really like that I have these morals.

(I have posted this story before but it got taken down)

(this story also took place a few weeks ago)

I have had a crush on this girl for many months now but I have never actually tried to get with her because of how insecure I am about myself. I am a pretty popular kid at school so I get invited to parties a lot although I very rarely go to them considering I work every night after school and have church on Sunday. One day I got invited to this party and although I was hesitant, I still decided to go and take a night off work. I am pretty close friends with the host so I got to the house early and helped set up things. a few hours later a lot more people showed up, at least 60. I don't drink, smoke or vape because I never wanted end up like the rest of my messed up family so I was just sitting on my phone the whole time or watching everyone else have fun. I had my camera with me so it was nice to also take some photos (btw I am really into photography). as time went by it was around 10 and my crush decided to sit next to me, she was being very annoying because she was drunk so I decided to move away lol. she kept getting very emotional and eventually just said sorry and walked off. I didn't think much of since she was drunk. It was 12 o'clock and few people were passed out and some vomiting. My crush had finally sobered up and I had found a place on the floor to sleep because I didn't want to go home. I was laying on the floor on my phone watching tik toks just before falling asleep and all of a sudden my crush tells me to move over. I asked "why?" and she said that she has nowhere else to sleep and she feels comfortable with me, I had major butterflies lol. She laid next to me on the cold floor and we were both cold so we shared a blanket. as we were laying next to each other she grabbed my arm and wrapped it around her waste. she was little spoon and I was big spoon. I waited for her to fall asleep so I could go toilet and when I came back, I was like "she probably doesn't want to spoon anymore" so I just laid next to her for a bit, few minutes later... she woke up and asked me "why aren't we cuddling" I replied with "oh I thought you didn't want to anymore" and she was like "no please can we cuddle" I had butterflies again in that moment. her and I started talking while cuddling since we couldn't get back to sleep. I asked her why she doesn't feel uncomfortable around me considering many people are, she replied with "you respect me and unlike most guys in this situation, I know you wouldn't do anything to hurt me or touch me in a wrong way" I felt so loved right then. I called her beautiful and she blushed. Her and I then fell asleep. We woke up the next morning at around 11 and people had taken photos of us which we didn't mind. from then and now we are still just friends :(