May the 4th be with you! (Don’t read) by t2_59ubbp3r

Everything in my life has gone wrong. I don’t see any reason to keep going on, everything keeps going wrong, I’m losing interest in everything rapidly. I’m 21 and I think this is the end. I don’t know how I’m going to do it but I think I’m going to do it soon. I’m so tired. I have some vodka and I’m sure I can find some pills. I think that may be the easiest way. Get super drunk to the point where I am not conscious and then take as many pills as I can. I can’t talk to anyone so my goodbye note will be left here. To my best friend: I love you man, you’ve been a great friend and I’m sorry that I haven’t been open with you and I’m sorry that I’ve had to leave everything like this. To my sister: I love you so very much and you’ve been a great sibling. Thank you for everything you’ve done for me and I’m beyond proud of you. You’re successful and you’ve made it out of the family. I’m so happy for you. To my friends that I haven’t been able to keep in touch with as often as I’d have liked to: I’m so sorry for not reaching out more. I love all of you and there’s nothing you all could have done. It’s none of your faults. It is my own. I’m sorry that I’m not strong enough to continue on for all of you. And finally, to my mom: it’s been so long since you passed away. I can’t hope for anything but to see you once more. I hope there is an afterlife and that I get to see you even if for just a minute. I’ve missed you more than anything and I’m sorry that I’m not someone you would be proud of. I tried my hardest but I’m just not strong enough. I hope I can be forgiven for everything wrong I’ve done. And to my ex: I truly did love you. I wish we could have worked everything out because I miss, more than anything, being able to hold you so tightly. I miss being able to laugh and see your smile. I’ve missed you every day. I am truly sorry for every wrong that I’ve done and every inconvenience I’ve caused in all of your lives. I wish I could have done better and made  better choices. I’ve recently realized the true meaning of “yolo” and I wish I would have realized sooner. There’s so much I would have done differently if I had the knowledge I have now, as a kid. I don’t think anyone in my life will see this but if they do, I love you all. Everyone in my life has been a blessing and I can’t thank you all enough. Meg, Liv, Ty, my new family.. I love you all so much and I wish I was stronger so I could show you all my full potential. Goodbye, thank you for  every ounce of love that you have shown me.