My first kiss. by t2_ccyqnxs

At 18 and without a significant progress with girls unlike literally everyone else I knew, I found an unlikely wingman; more of a wingwoman, she was a new student and a sophomore. I knew her from her sister who introduced me since I was known to be a good tour guide and a person to always hang out with. 

Her name is W for simplicity.  

I didn’t know but we did make a good team together, we considered each other best friends after a month or so hanging out. And in that process I was her wingman in getting a date for her crush who I knew. It didn’t work out for long but she appreciated the help. 

W was the type of friend who was younger than you and made you remember it, always teasing me for being 18 and never having a girlfriend. I wasn’t shy or couldn’t talk to girls I just had a bad habit of making my crush bring out they’re bad side. So I didn’t bother especially senior year. 

But that was different when I changed classes and got to sit next to G, someone I already knew but eventually got to develop a crush on. Word on the street also told me she had a crush on me too, everyone was raving about it; well all my friends anyway. And what would you know W decided to help me be my wingwoman since I helped her. 

And for an entire month I literally took her advice in trying to ask her out or trying things to impress her one way or another oblivious to the fact that she already was waiting to be asked out. I made a fool of myself joining her club and trying to show off only to dislocate my ankle doing Karate. 

During this process me and W hung out even more frequently than before trying to come up with a plan to ask G out or get the relationship going. We were a horrible team now that I think about it, but that didn’t stop us from taking planning with us to the museum trip that we signed up for. We walked and planned while looking at cool stuff and only then did I realized that I didn’t know how to kiss. Me being me I was worried that I would break the whole deal if I didn’t know how to kiss properly, as we’d finally gotten a plan together for me to ask G to the upcoming valentines dance. I was in a moment of stupidity but W said she’d show me and that it was no biggie as she had no problem with it. 

We went to the less popular part of the museum and finally I got my first kiss, and that was when it happened; W confessed to me that she’d had a crush on me for the longest time and that the relationship with the guy she’d asked out didn’t last because of me. It was a shocker and just showed how dense I was to certain social cues, I was entirely confused and frustrated that I’d let a sophomore do that to me and my self esteem broke for a moment thinking that I was pathetic enough that all I could get was a sophomore to like me. But some part of me felt that the kiss was more meaningful than it seemed, and eventually after a long discussion i understood that W was special to me in a new way I didn’t understand up until then. 

We didn't go out or go further for obvious reasons but I can never forget her face when she finally told me. She was and still is one of the sweetest people I know. Nowadays we aren't friends just because of life I guess, and yet I will take her back if she wants too. 

The morale of this short story is that sometimes things don’t always go the way you want them to go but you’ll sometimes find that it’s better that way. You never know where your happiness lies.