The most inspiring 17 year old I know by t2_l899w

Most people are familiar with Oscar Pistorius, the amputee sprinter who aspired to be an olympic athlete but tragically fell from grace from the murder of his wife. Well, I know a young man with the same disability. His name is Ryan, and I've known him since he was a baby. His father and I have been friends since grade school, and we still live in the same neighborhood. His father, Tom...was proud as hell when brought his baby boy home. Ryan is Tom and his wife's 1st born (they have 3) and he's got a nuclear reactor for an engine. The kid was always active. Played baseball, basketball and his fave...football. His dream was to be an NFL player. Sadly, 5 years ago that dream was ruined.

Ryan and his uncle Titus were on their way to the local ball field. They were gonna meet Tom there for some football drills. Titus was one if the grounds keepeers, and bent the rules a bit to let them have the field a few hours before it opened to the public. They never made it that day. 18 wheeler swerved out of control opposite side of the road and slammed into driver's side. Titus was killed instantly, and Ryan had both of his legs below the knee pretty much destroyed. From what Tommy said "his legs looked like soggy noodles". Ryan lived, but he had to have both legs amputated below the knee.

Tommy and his family were devastated. Not only did he lose his little brother, but his then 12 year old son...who had such latent potential and gifted athleticism, lost his legs. They weighed all plausible options, but Ryan himself said a wheelchair wasn't one of them. So his doctor suggested prosthetic limbs. He told them the therapy would be intense, but Ryan didn't take a 2nd thought to say he wanted to go through it. And so his journey began. Took about 2 1/2 years, but he was back upright and walking like the rest of us. But then Tommy told me Ryan said "I wanna start running again".

That required Tom to start looking for new limbs for Ryan. I made the suggestion about the same style limbs Pistorius had. Tommy took that info back to Ryan's doc, they went through the process, and 3 months later, Ryan had fancy ass new legs. What happened after that is the inspiring stuff. Ryan would dedicate every moment he had to physical fitness. The kid hit the weights, did further therapy to regain the necessary mobility to start running on his new legs, and we was literally off to the races. Over the next couple years, he'd turn his disability into his strength. By 16 he was lean, cut and fearless. With that "I will not fail" look in his eyes for everything he does.

Ryan recent turned 17, and he's literally the fastest bipedal lifeform I've ever seen. Our street is a 1/4 mile road straight down both sides. Since the lockdown the ball field and track are off limits, so Ryan's been doing his running down street. Kid is so fast you can hear his prosthetics whistling though the air as he whizzes by. Tommy's clocked his fastest time down the road at 58.3 seconds. That's significant because the world record is 44.5...set by a sprinter named John Smith back in the 1971 US Track & Field championships. They don't do quarter mile sprints in competition anymore, but the fact that Ryan's fastest time is 14 seconds off the world record...and he's not even fully developed physically, AND he's got prosthetic legs...is impressive.

Ryan knows if he did break a record, he'd be disqualified because most athletic boards would rule his legs as an "advantage" just like they did Pistorius...which I think is total BS. Like Katt Williams said at one of his shows years ago "the dude with no legs has an advantage?" Yet they'll let a trans-girl compete against biological girls in track and utterly destroy them. Don't wanna go off on a tangent here, but it is a double standard. But anyway...back on course. Ryan jokes about wanting to be the 1st BKA (Below Knee Amputee, the medical term for his disability) in the NFL. He's smart enough to know it'll likely never happen, but it fuels him to keep pushing himself to be the best athlete he can be. He may never be able to play organized sports again, but fit enough that if his legs were still intact, he'd probably be on the short list of a couple college teams as a prospect.

Ryan is my inspiration. Proof that no matter what happens, the human spirit can endure and conquer. I didn't mention any of the jeers and negativity he faced (and still faces), but even that doesn't stop him. The kid's got a heart of gold and a will of iron. Tommy is a redditor also, u/OODBX. Happy Father's day, brother. You're raising a quality human being in my God-son, and I couldn't be more prouder to call you my best friend.