The girl I met in the train, Part 7 by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋, this the 7th part of the story. So if you haven't read the first parts, please do, so that the story would make sense. You can easily find the previous parts on my profile, just click on my profile ' j0hnwikk ' above the title. I hope you will read them🤗.

(Correction: in the previous part of the story I  accidentally wrote I was going to be in 11th grade, actually I was going to be in 12th grade. I have corrected it now. Tenth grade I met her  in the train and then a year went by and as I was about to be in 12th grade I met her in the church hall. Sorry for the mistake.)


If life is a painting, love is what gives colours to it. I went home happy that day. Life became a lot more interesting again. The world around me seemed like a happy place with happy faces. Love gives purpose to life, it makes a hopeless man dream.

I continued in my school even though I wanted to try commerce. My school didn't have a commerce stream option and I didn't like science much because I was lazy. I was about to join another nearby school which  had a commerce stream, but as I was about to, our principal called me and asked me to continue in the same school. The problem I had is that I didn't care where I studied, I had no plan in terms of what I should learn next and it's not something I am proud of.

My class just had 12 students, but I have to say those were the best two years of my life. The whole school respected us and the teachers were super friendly. Every cultural program was organised by our class. We were friendly with the juniors and we were one big family. There was a nearby school in which most my 10th friends joined. So Students from both schools meet up in the nearby bus stop and bakeries near the schools. One of my 10th friends asked me to join his tuition class. I was never interested in anything related to academics.

He kept asking me to join because he didn't have any friends there. He said it was a small tuition centre where only a few students came to learn. I kept saying NO, but as a part of the conversation I asked if any of our mutual friends are studying there, he said there isn't any and said there are only 2 girls of our age coming there. Others around me where interested in the names of the girls and he said their names.

I couldn't believe my ears, I grabbed his shirt and asked him with enthusiasm, 'say the names again'. The love of my life was studying there. I borrowed our friends cycle and asked him to get on it. He said his bus was coming and he had no tuition that day. I said I would buy him his favourite shake from the bakery if he took me to the tuition centre now and it did the trick. I wanted to join the tuition centre and start going from the very next day.

I joined the tution class and said a friend of mine would join too. Well that friend of mine was studying in my class, he is one of my close friends and we have been in the same class from the first day of kindergarten. You could say he was going to be my wingman. He is terrible at it but it doesn't matter, because he was going to be my wingman and I suck too. 

Tuition was scheduled after class in the evening. When I told my parents that I wanted to go to tuition,  they were really happy. They were a little suspicious too because all my life I had been against the idea of tuition. Anyways I was in 12th grade and my performance in 12th grade really mattered. I was really excited for the next day, it was like I was about to go on a class picnic. I know not many students will be excited as I am to go to tuition but I was. I had a whole year in front of me and maybe at the end of the year, she and I  will be together.


Will be continued.


This is a true story so please don't expect something filmy😅. Thank you for reading.Your feedbacks are valuable,DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Give an upvote if you liked it. I will see you friends soon🖤.