How I knew I was finally in love by t2_n9rfxudd

I had been in several serious relationships and had never been quite able to tell if I was in love or just liked them a lot. I knew for certain one morning when I made breakfast. 

I had made my previous partner breakfast only one time. They were very fond of a specific berry-stuffed french toast. So I called the restaurant where we always had it, got the recipe, and practiced it several times until it was as close to restaurant quality as I could muster. I’m not one for patting myself on the back, but I think it came out pretty nice. 

When I finally served it to them, they said, “This doesn’t taste the same.” I explained that I had made it, not gotten take-out, and they said, “If you couldn’t afford take-out why wouldn’t you just say something?” And the discussion devolved into them laying into me about needing to make better money rather than “settling for cheap alternatives.” 

The relationship was downhill from there (problems had already begun to surface prior) and we were broken up within a few months of this incident.  

I finally got up the courage to try cooking again when my new partner explained they were saving up for a badly needed new car, so asked that we both pledge to spend no money on our holiday gift exchange. 

The initial plan I had made was contingent on the pandemic being resolved by December 2020. Oh to have that optimism again, haha. When it became clear that wouldn’t happen, I had very little time to come up with something else, so had no choice but to cook. I had no other ideas. 

My new partner was born outside the US and one of their favorite things to do was visit the one national restaurant in town to remind them of home. I made a recipe of theirs, or as close to it as I could come, and was terrified. 

This did not come out pretty nice. It barely resembled what I was aiming for despite a couple decent practice rounds before it. “Palatable” would be a generous description. But I didn’t have time to remake it or come up with an alternative. 

When I served the dish to them I prefaced it with a million apologies about how it did not turn out and was not similar to the restaurant. They stopped me and said, “Anything you took the time to make for me will always taste better than just some restaurant!” and ate the entire thing. 

In that moment I knew I was finally in love.