I barely escaped being murdered by one of my best friends. A few more seconds, and he would have killed me. by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

Gary and Richard shared a dorm in college.  I still lived with my parents.  We’d all been varying degrees of friends for the past 6-8 years, but we were like the 3 amigos at this point.  Gary and Richard had a closer bond, and I had a different best friend outside of our 3 amigoship.

Richard was always honest with us that he was diagnosed psychotic, but he took medication for it, and weed always made him a much more nicer person.  It was obvious to me the benefits that weed gave him.  We were all stoners.

I’ll always remember the night in Gary’s car when Richard was high and sobbing, begging me to help him understand what love feels like.  I still feel sympathy for him.  He didn’t choose to be born the way that he is.  I wanted to help him understand love, but I didn’t know how.

One night, we started getting fucked up at their dorm.  It was the first time we really got drunk with Richard.  I had introduced Richard to kratom and he became a connoisseur.  Me and Richard ate some kratom.  The 3 of us had been drinking a bottle of absinthe that Gary had brought.  Richard also ate some adderral.  I brought weed for the 3 of us, and I want to say that I rolled joints, but I could be completely wrong.  We could’ve used a pipe.

We couldn’t smoke weed in the dorms, so we went for a walk in the woods in order to smoke weed and keep sipping the absinthe.  It’s wintertime.  We’re in one of the snowiest parts of the country, and it was a heavy winter.  As it gets dark, we head back to the dorm.  We’d killed the whole bottle of absinthe.  Richard literally drank half the bottle to himself.

Richard was doing that thing that people do when they are absolutely destroyed where they go “I’m not drunk at all” as they struggle to keep standing up.  We decided to take him for more of a walk before going back to the dorm because we couldn’t get him to put his knife away, and we didn’t want people to see him in the building with a knife.  Richard was always fucking around with knives, so it wasn’t unusual to see him holding a knife.

It’s very dark.  We take Richard through a snowy field.  He falls behind me and Gary about 30 feet back, and he follows us while still holding a knife.  I am getting very bad vibes.  I can tell that there is danger in the situation.  My spidey senses were tingling for sure.  Me and Gary are trying to talk to Richard, but he doesn’t respond.  He’s too quiet. 

Richard starts running after us.  We start running.  We start yelling his name.  We yell our own names.  Me and Gary separate a bit as we run.  Richard clearly targets me.  I run towards the nearby parking lot because the more civilization around the better.

Richard is gaining on me.  I can’t outrun him.  I knew that in a few more seconds, he was going to catch me.  I just barely make it to the parking lot.  I let out one last “Richard!” As he’s literally about to catch me.  I can still hear it in my head, the absolute fear in my voice.  Then, Richard slips on the ice and takes a hard fall.

Me and Gary lead Richard back to campus as he crawls on the ground with his knife still in his hand, too drunk to stand.  Eventually another student sees him and calls the cops.  The cops come.  They stand on his hand, grab his knife, and Richard is taken away in an ambulance.  We didn’t tell the police that Richard tried to kill me.  Everyone thought that it was just another college kid who got too drunk.

Our amigoship died that night.  I believe that too much alcohol is what made Richard lose control, and I hope that he doesn’t get drunk like that again.