I am so tired of being so weak by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

I'm sitting here typing this at 3 in the morning all alone. I tried to be everyone's friend and thought they would be here for me when I needed them. But they couldn't share my baggage. Even for 5 mins just let me express myself, I have to live with it. I shared in all your pains to comfort you and yet when it is my turn I am cast away. All because I opened up after years being introverted. I didn't ask for depression or bi-polar. No I am forever alone. Only person I can speak to is someone who I have to pay and anonymously online. 

But that is not why I feel weak. My anger and disappointment will get me through that as well as the love for my son. Also the money I save in not hanging out with people means I can donate more than 2.5% of my wealth a year. As part of my depression I lay awake here in an empty home thinking about stories I have read of others. I have read stories of children around the world. Children washing up on beaches drowned whose only crime was their parents wanted to bring them somewhere safer. Children in hospitals being visited by Santa, Big Bird and you name it. Asking Santa to give them more life, Hearing Big Bird say he is there friend and then peacefully going to sleep forever, Unwrapping a paw patrol toy they will never play. As I write this tears come down my face. 

Again is it the Depression I don't know. But no matter how much I make and how much I donate these stories never change. I try to draw pictures of them to honor their memories but I am not a great artist and I have so much to learn. But there is only so much time in the day and I have only so much money.  I cannot do anything meaningful and I don't have the talent or the skill do be able to anything. If there is a God how can it allow this. I am willing to give whatever it takes but I want to live in a world where every child can live to see their 21st birthday relatively comfortably. Why in the modern world is that too much to ask. I don't want the latest phone, or latest gadget. God take all the years you want from me, I'm 35. I've lived long enough. Take whatever time I have and give it to a child dying in a hospital bed. 

It is the only thing I have to give anyway. And that is why I'm tired of feeling this weak. I have nothing that can really help anyone. There are super smart, and extremely rich people out there and I feel guilty. If only I had studied harder, been smarter I could have done something or made more money and used that. 

Is this just me or is anyone else there feeling this way. Is no one else tired. I just get so angry when I see useless medication advertisements, T.V glorifying the worst of our race, etc the list goes on. Is no one else tired of being this weak. I am trying and failing. I know I can never be the hero these kids need but someone else out there could be. I don't even know where to begin. But my wish is that someone who has the qualities needed reads this or something similar in their life and is fired up to try and do something. I may not live to see it but I hope there comes a day when a child dying is a distant memory.