Me and my cousins got grounded for “inventing” communism by t2_60xenge9

Yep, more or less the title! I’ll explain it further, of course.


When I was about 12, my cousins were respectively 10 and 8. We were obsessed with Minecraft and everything Minecraft related.  We lived far away from each other and I didn’t have the money to sign an X-Box live account, so we only played together when we met in person (about twice a year). 


One day, we decided to create a super competitive survival server where we lived on different islands and had to trade items with each other. It was a mess and it ended with my younger cousin crying because his brother had diamonds and didn’t want to trade them. To avoid getting the adults involved, I decided we should try the opposite idea: a server where everyone had access to all chests and there weren’t leaders involved. Rules would be discussed and enforced by everyone. So we began a new server.


Let me tell you, this was the best idea my tiny child mind could have! Our server was working out super well! We built a community castle, had no mobs around our island (this was way before the drowned mobs existed) and everyone was having so much fun! After hours of playing, we had to go to my grandma’s house to eat dinner together.


When everyone was around the table, we started happily talking about our Minecraft world and explaining how it worked. The adults, most noticeably grandma, seemed concerned. When we stopped taking, grandma asked:
 

“Did any teacher give this idea to you?” 


I proudly announced that the whole thing was my original idea. Terrible mistake. What we didn’t know at the time is that the whole family, but specially grandma, was extremely right-winged and anti-communism. They’re less (but still) extreme now, but at that time they were the kind of folks who would say that communists are literal demons. 


We were scolded and the adults forbade us from playing Minecraft together for the rest of my stay and gave me no chocolate after the meals as punishment for having that idea (my family had the tradition of giving the kids tiny pieces of chocolate after the meals to make us eat better). 


“This is life under communism”, they said every time my cousins got chocolate and I didn’t. My cousins were (and still are) cool, so they shared their pieces with me when no one was looking.


Did their scolding work? Nope, I’m still a leftist and I love Minecraft. The end.