Life's waiting for you. Never stop fighting, and I'll tell you the story of a person who lived without love and made it: my father. by t2_c7yghkxj

He was born the youngest between his two brothers, Antonio and Giuseppe, and was named Emiliano. Being the youngest, he was left out from the family and placed last. His parents had an hard life, because they lived it in ignorance and submission: they'd love people who used them and let everyone step on them, just to "not fight". 

Soon enough, Giuseppe was big enough to understand that his parents weren't that smart and used it as his advantage: he started manipulating them to gain everything while my father would get nothing. Antonio, instead, got their building business but found himself in crippling debt due to his addiction to gambling and then died due to heart attack leaving his family alone. 

In the meantime, my father was a pizza chef near the sea, and would live a pretty decent life staying in the house built by his parents, with Giuseppe living the floor under him. He met his wife and my mother, and soon enough they got married and wanted to start a business of their own. 

One day, the worst happened: my father fell down the stairs, and it started a process that brought to elephantiasis, a bad illness that attacked his legs, and he found himself handicapped. Being the positive person he was, he was happy being alive and not dead, but the pain and the confusion of the doctors led him down a path of drugs.

His family showed no support: my mother was pregnant of me and had to do all the work, and Giuseppe and his wife would come over to eat and then talk about their problems or even insult us. My father used drugs to relieve the pain, and yet his brother, instead of helping and supporting him, came over to make fun of him while he, himself, was using drugs for "anxiety" to which he is still addicted to (if you're wondering, he still calls my father a drug head). He brought his parents to follow and believe him, and my dad found himself isolated.

My mother didn't want to live with someone who spent all the money for their business for drugs, and said that she would go away with me. That's when my dad decided to stop it. Without any support or anything, he went all by himself to the SER.T. (service for drug addicts) and he fought to get out of his addiction alone. My mother was willing to help him and she went back to him. They had financial issues, family issues, but in the end they made it. 

While his brother Giuseppe still haunts our lives to this day and my grandmother is still under his manipulation, we still live happily. My father once said to me "if it wasn't for you and your sister, I'd be dead by now. You are my joy". 

So, I'm saying to you: don't ever give up. My father could have killed himself and I'd never have my wonderful sister, a father figure or the beautiful life I'm living now. You may think "nobody needs me, if I go nothing will change". Trust me, it will change for a lot of people. It will get better. Get through today and through tomorrow, it'll be worth it. You will find happiness too.