The day that i asked GOD to talked to me (100% real) by t2_4uuwhr30

My name is Rick, I'm originally from Peru so please forgive my grammar but i want to share this event  that pretty much change my entire life and by the way  I'm not trying to preach anything because this is 100% real and this is my story, when is i was 27 i was going through the darkest time of my life, my wife left me, i started drinking more that usual, i started  using drugs and i was flat broke and because of that i end up moving to my brother's house , i was so lonely and depressed i seriously thought my life was ruin so my night i was thinking about when i was a kid and how much i used to believe in God, but now i think God just forgot about me so that night i started praying and i said : "Lord please i need to know that you exist, i want you to talk to me because i want to believe in you again but i don't want to see anything like an angel or something like that because i don't want to freak out", so pretty much that's  what i said but i really meant it with all my heart so about a week passed by and went to a near by smoke shop to by some fake week that a friend put me on recently i guess it was the same as the K-2 stuff that everybody was smoking around that time , so i went home and i was about to do study for a test but i said" mmm.. maybe i'll smoke a little bit and then i'll study " so i did and it didn't go well, i could focus at all  so i decided, maybe i'll just do some laundry i'm too high to study so i went to my closet and i started smelling all the dirty cloth that was on the floor because i didn't know what was clean or dirty anymore , it was a mess, so i pick up a dirty shirt, i smelled it and then ... i started having this strange feeling like i was getting into a trans, my mind tarted pulsating, i stared at my door for a few minutes and then i said out laud " fuck dude you are drug addict, you are a drug addict, you are a drug addict, you are a drug addict" and then it hit me, i felt like some body else was saying that , i felt like my soul and body were telling me that as if they were mad at me and then everything changed ... this force took over my mind and body , something that made me feel like a was an insect about to get crush any second now and i said " OK OK OK OK OK OK !  I BELIEVE  I BELIEVE  I BELIEVE ! and i stared saying this because i had this overwhelming feeling bigger that anything in the universe  something that made me feel so small and scared but also i had the feeling that you get when your father is really mad at you and disappointed and he is yelling at you and in that moment i realized ... this is GOD ! ... GOD is talking to me, not with words, just direct messages  BELIEVE !   BELIEVE !   BELIEVE !   BELIEVE !...  so i drop on my keens and i said  i BELIEVE   i BELIEVE   i BELIEVE  for like 10 minutes until i meant it ... i got what i asked for  .. God talked to me and also letting me know that we wasn't happy with the way i was living my life  because the moment i stopped saying i believe He told, where is the rest? meaning the rest of the K-2 , so i grabbed whatever i had left , went outside and trowed it all over the lawn and went for a walk on my street trying to calm down and think about what just happened but on my way back i felt this enormous relive,this huge weight out of my back because i knew in that moment that i was done with that for good .

(there is a second part to this story ,that is way more intense so please stick around for the conclusion )