My sleep paralysis wet dream. by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

In my dream I met one sexy girl at a Halloween party, we instantly clicked and started making out in the back of the club where nobody could see us. Then I started to feel really really sharp teeth. At first, I thought it was her costume cuz she was masking as Vampire. But then the biting became really strong, she'd bite my lips and my neck until almost blood started coming out. But I was so horny that a little pain actually turned me on even more. She then whispered to my ear "What's the tastiest part of u?" and licked her lips. Idk why but I said, "You already know and winked". She just smirked and started going down on me. I got instantly rock hard like never before because of the way she was talking I thought I'll get the best blowjob of my life. But I couldn't be more wrong...
She pulled down my pants and just took my entire cock at once. She literally had no gag reflex. The stimulants and the thrusts of her lips to my hips were too hard. I've had an orgasm in a matter of 30 seconds. Never have I ever had an orgasm so quickly. She then said, "Mmm, this was a really good snack, but I still haven't tried the real main meal I've brought u here for." She then showed her real teeth, SHE WAS  A REAL VAMP. I was terrified and petrified. I have been trying so hard to get away but I was stuck in a wall somehow and couldn't move any of my limbs. She was then slowly approaching me on all fours while licking her teeth and lips looking at my cock. Worst of all is that I had a boner and I was trying to get soft because maybe, just maybe then she wouldn't want to eat my cock. But I couldn't. It was too late. She was there and she just looked me in the eyes. Those red, evil-looking eyes. And she took my cock and balls slowly in her mouth while I was begging her to stop while trying my best to still free myself. She just moaned and bite. I woke up, all wet and sweaty. It looked so realistic I was concerned I actually lost my dick, first thing I checked is if I still had it. 
Thankfully, everything was in place.