When I learned that attending a blowout was not necessarily a good thing. by t2_78h3f

That reminds me of a story.

I was working as a relatively green Operations Geologist on a Vicksburg rig down in South Texas a few decades back. Wandered out of the doghouse one early evening to see the floor hands pacing nervously around the rotary table, wondering why they had stopped POOH (pulling out of hole) as we were doing a bit trip (well was a deep'un: some 15,500' TD at the time). 

The Driller and Pusher are anxiously staring at the Martin-Decker (WOB: weight on bit) gauge watching it swing like an England pendulum-do. The whole rig is vibrating, shaking more than usual with 8-cylinder mud pumps that are running flat out and the diesels moaning their woeful one-note song. 

I mosey over to the Driller: "What's up, Merle? Problem?"

"Taking a fucking kick, you big dumbass". Drillers are nothing if not polite and well-mannered. 

Merle continues: "Ever been on a kick before?  No? Fuck. Good thing it's not a sour well, like I got time to deal with your sorry..."

He never quite finished that line of thought as suddenly the rig shuddered like it just took a direct hit from Thor's big-ass hammer. With that, the floor crew to a man, bailed off the rig floor as if a truck announcing "Free Beer, Pussy, and Cigarettes" just rolled on location. 

Even the Pusher sidled off the rig floor, claiming he had to check the "BOPs" or some other sort of bullshit. 

The shit, was evidently, hurtling speedily towards the fan. 

Drilling mud starts burbling (like a dyspeptic geyser) out of the borehole and spraying around the rig like a meth-addled skunk. Very untidy. OSHA certainly would not approve.  

The Driller grabs me and drags me over to a console with which I'm not familiar. I mean, I had a pretty good grasp on all the other greasy, nasty, heavy, dangerous, sharp, deadly items on a rig; but hey, there's a first time for everything. 

He flips open the BOP console (I gathered he wasn't bullshitting this time) hits a couple of test buttons and everything's green. He actuates the "pipe rams", which hydraulically close packers (elastomeric seals) around the pipe, ostensibly to seal (shut-in) the well. 

Well, at least that's the theory. 

Mud, gas, water, and sand are spewing out of the well at what sounded like supersonic speeds. It was loud; loud like standing directly behind a 747-400 at takeoff-loud.  I could barely hear the gentle guttural grumbles of the Driller: "Fuck, fuck, double fuck, fuck, FUCK!"

Then the pipe, which was being just previously pulled out of the hole in nice neat tribbles (3-30' sections, unscrewed and stacked on the rig floor) decided it wanted to join the fun and began to slowly inch and centimeter their way north. In short, the rams weren't holding and we had a "situation" on our hands. No well integrity, losing mud at the rate of knots, and drill pipe snaking out the hole at a disconcertingly rapidly increasing rate. 

No options left, the shear rams were thrown. These are basically very tough hardened-steel v-blocks, actuated by many, many thousands of pounds of instantly applied hydraulic horsepower. These will shear through the drill pipe, cut it clean off and shut the well in with a massive metal-to-metal seal. So there.

All well and good, but shear rams do have their limits: they can cut through 3.5" drill string like you biting off a hunk of particularly piquant persimmon. However, they don't do so well when they are fired off as a pipe connection ("pin and box": where 2 pieces of drill pipe mate) comes cruising through the BOPs. 

The shears actually snapped when they hit the connection, but they held the drill pipe in place, at least for a time. The well was…well…well and truly out of control; spewing noxious fluids all over the landscape. Also, let's not forget what was powering this whole show: nicely noxious, overtly overpressured and very, very volatile natural gas. 

Natural gas and sand. 

Natural gas and sand shooting skyward at somewhere around Mach-3 at roughly 4,000 to 5,000 pounds per square inch pressure. With this wonderful concoction, you've gone from orderly gas well to mega-industrial sandblaster.  Quartz sand, being rather sharp and abrasive, cuts rig-iron like warm manicotti and tends to *spark* from time to time...

The Driller looks at me and flatly asks: "How fast can you run?" 

He hits the "Holy Fuck!” klaxon (warning to everyone around that the excrement *has* impacted the rotary air-moving device) and we're off like its last call at the Dew Drop Inn.

Vaulting over the V-doors, sliding down the pipe ramp, we bob and weave through the pipe racks and flat-out haul-ass into the cotton field that the company was going to soon be in need of purchasing. 

We get to about 400 or so meters off location (where sit company cars, company man's trailer, workers trailers, a logging truck, and a few millions of dollars’ worth of drilling equipment and supplies) when there's this Gawd-almighty "**FAGROON**!", and we're instantaneously thrown back then sucked forward as the gas blasting out of the well ignites. 

It hits us with a massive detonation shockwave one second, then it drags us forward as the lustily combusting well fire begins to consume the local atmosphere like Todd and Karen Sixpack scarfing crab legs at a Las Vegas buffet. 

Summary:

One Jacobs Brothers Drilling Rig: total loss.

One 15,500’ wellbore: total loss.

6 cars, 1 logging truck, 1 motorcycle: total loss. 

2 rig dogs: status unknown, last seen deadheading for Saskatchewan.

4 workman’s trailers: total loss.

1 pair geologists' boxer-briefs: total loss.