The girl I met in the train, Part 17 by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋, this the 17th part of the story. So if you haven't read the first parts, please do, so that the story would make sense. You can easily find the previous parts on my profile, just click on my profile ' j0hnwikk ' above the title. I hope you will read them🤗.

I was not able to see her much, her class was in a different building. One Saturday I woke up and I had this sudden urge to see her, it had been so long since we talked to each other in person but I just wanted to see her. I missed seeing her smile. I posted an Instagram story adding only her to my close friends list, so she could only see it, I asked her in that story at which time she is going to church that Sunday.

She said at 8.30 her parents would be with her and we can't talk, at 10.30 on the other hand we could talk as she would be alone. This was her immediate response, I never said anything to her. I was over the moon, it was clear she was more interested in having a conversation with me. I told her I just wanted to see her, she repeated the same thing about how we would be able to talk if she was not with her parents.

I thought she had lost interest, but now I had hope, she was always interested, she is just taking her time. If she wanted to be in a relationship I was all in for it , only if she was interested. It didn't matter to me, I was never desperate to be in a relationship with her  as we were young. I only wanted to be in a relationship with her when we were mature and we had a job. I didn't care how slow the process was, I just wanted to be with her in the end. We could be friends who are in love, it doesn't matter if we never went on a date or hang out, we could enjoy our life, be in each other's hearts and when the time is right take the next step. This was the type of thing I was actually interested in as I was damn serious about her, she is the only girl I  want.

I let her decide the timing as I just wanted to see her. She decided that we meet at 10.30 so we would be able to talk. I said to her that we won't be able to talk privately as our mutual friends would be there. She asked  'what was wrong with it, was it because they knew about your love and they might tease you '. I told her that not many people knew. She said then there was nothing to worry about and decided to meet at the said time.

It was the first time we were mutually deciding to meet at a place to talk. I know church is not the best option but I just wanted to see her, that's all I wanted. I guess she wanted to talk. Last time she asked me to meet the next day, I had my heart broken, I didn't care about that, I knew it would be different this time and it will be the beginning of something eternal.

Half an hour later she texted me saying I would look better if I trim my hair and beard. I didn't trim my beard well as my trimmer had a complaint, to be honest you can't take my beard to a barber shop for a trim it will be a disrespect to the barber. My beard has potential but it hasn't got the length to go to a barber shop. As for my hair I had grown it long,I just wanted to try how it would look. I realised she was not a big fan of it.  I warned her that she will meet the physical version of me that she was not a fan of. She asked me where my class was in college and that she couldn't come there as it was a bit long, she added one of those winking emojis, I didn't completely understand what she meant by that.

We met after the holy mass ,just as I predicted we met one of our mutual friends. I honestly did not care, I was able to see her up close, I relished her beautiful smile, enjoyed every second with her as I always used too. Things got better when she said she has to go. She said she was leaving to our common friend, then looked me in the eye,  called my name,  and asked me ' shall I go'. I was surprised, I never expected her to bid goodbye to me seperately, I nodded my head smiling graciously, I felt special.Fun fact I couldn't remember the last time she called me by my name, I believe it was the first time. It's a heavenly feeling when the person you love calls you by your name, that too, a short form of your name that only your loved one's call.

The moment she called my short name, I fell even harder for her, I  never felt so happy when somebody called my name, I'm not even exaggerating. I  felt a sort of warmth and respect in those words, it was something more than I  dreamed. I went home blessed, checked my phone and the first thing I saw was her message.

Will be continued.

This is a true story so please don't expect something filmy😅. Thank you for reading.Your feedbacks are valuable,DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Give an upvote if you liked it. I will see you friends soon🖤.