A true story that is happening in these very few moments by t2_c3456c6

Before you start ( this is a kinda long story so if you dont like those just skip trough )

I live in lebanon my whole life and its a amazing country . A lot of people think that it is just a desert but we are quite the opposite.
We have a lot of forests and small parks and so on , wish is related to my story .
Yesterday was a really hot day the kind where u just want to sleep all day . Well during that day a fire was seen in a small mountain village and it was spreading fast and quick and its still going on till today .
Every body fought it was a natural event because of high winds and blazing sun and might have bin caused from a piece of glass reflecting the sun onto a dead lief or tree trunk . It seemed like a good excuse but i didnt really bought it . 
The fire was huge the biggest lebanon has ever seen , normally natural fires are rare and easy to handle but this one was spreading fast burning houses electrical cords , cars leaving a trail of dust behind it . I wasn’t the only one thinking that way , people fought it was natural and people fought it was planned .
I fought it was planned , and my point was proven today . Many other fires appeared around small villages where the trees aren’t that close to each other at all but still spread a lot .
Here we were desperate and just hoping for our army and fire men will handle it . Until a sudden news broadcast happened telling us that it appeared that there is sudden rain clouds heading our way . It was huge news that no one saw coming and truly a miracle . The weather didn’t predict rain for a few weeks and especially for today it was a sudden change no one expected. When clouds formed and there was just high winds it was clear and proven that a lot of Syrians who we welcomed for years and years , and they took a lot of jobs since they ask for less money  wish led to many companies closing many lebanese young men without jobs traveling to other countries for a job . We did not make a huge deal of it since some are very handy and friendly . But now a lot of Syrian men where arrested for carrying Molotovs ( a molotov is a bottle containing any flammable liquid mostly gad and is closed off with a small piece of closing or tissue soaked in flammable liquids ) . One of the first people arrested was behind my house , where their is a big un accessible forest . Some locals saw a glowing red dot moving and found it was smoke and directly called the fire station who was really close by . When the fire men arrived they found a Syrian trying to burn the forrest using liters cigarets Molotovs .... 
after that a lot where caught and some are still out there . For now word hasn’t really gon fully out but we are trying to warn as much as we can .
It was one of the scariest moments of my life since a previous forest behind our house was burnt down during  my child hood ( i was 5 , now im 18 ) it scared me because its a commonly used forest for me and my neighbors , building tents and camp fires those where the days . It was burnt for building a compound and the other forest I mentioned before was behind it connecting all around both sides of our house .
Thank you for reading this hope you enjoyed my story , if u have any question dont be afraid to ask me in the comments i’ll reply asap .