Random person gets into my car thinking I was their Uber driver by t2_6k4txqba

I had just turned 27 when I bought a new car for myself. A brand new 2019 White Volkswagen Jetta. I have been saving and saving for years in order to buy a new car. After 2 months goes by of having the car, a close friend of mine asks if I would be interested in going to the movies? I said sure, let's take my car. I go to pick him up, we go down to our local theater, watch the movie and then head back to my car. As we are leaving the parking lot my friend asks me if it would be alright if we stopped at Starbucks on the way out, he had a soar throat and wanted an ice coffee to quench his thirst. I give him a questionable look like really man? it's a brand new car and you want a coffee? Now i'm not bashing his taste in coffee but I want to keep the car looking spic and span. No food or drinks in the car for now. I tell him no but he tells me that he won't drink it in the car. I don't know why I caved, but I stopped in front of Starbucks, he thanked me and proceeded to head inside.

I was parked right in front of the main door to Starbucks. I had the engine idling and I was just sitting there by myself. I pulled out my phone to respond to a text message that I received while in the theater. All of a sudden I hear the back door to the passenger seat open up. I moved my head away from my phone and I see this young, blond, 20 year old girl getting into the back seat of my car. She sat down, pulled down the arm rest and placed her coffee into the cup holder, put her hand bag on the other seat next to her, buckled herself into the seat, closed the door, gave one look at me and said "Hello" and then proceeded to take a selfie while holding the cup of coffee next to her face with her IPhone.

At this point i'm dumbfounded. I have no idea what is going on. My mind is going a million miles an hour. Who are you? Why are you in my car? Where did you come from? I couldn't think straight. The only words that came out of my mouth are just "Ahhh...." I couldn't comprehend a coherent sentence to this person. Words escaped my cognitive thinking process.

I finally focused on the situation at hand and I said "Excuse me miss" but before I could finish my sentence, she cut me off and said I need to get to this location as soon as possible. She didn't even look up from her phone while she said that to me. She then said "You just messaged me to keep an eye out for a white Volkswagen and this is a white Volkswagen"  At this point things started to make sense. I sat up in the drivers seat facing her and said "You're right this is a white Volkswagen, however i'm not an Uber driver"

This woman finally looks up at me from her phone with a confused look on her face.  With a calm toned voice I proceed to tell her that I am not an Uber driver, I am not a Lift driver, I am not affiliated with any ride sharing service.  I said "Madam, you just got into the back of a random strangers car" After I said that another white Volkswagen parks right next to mine. It's an older model Volkswagen but on the front of the windshield you can see a small LED Uber sign indicating that this person was intended to pick her up. She looks at the other car and realizes her mistake, looks back at me and said "Sorry" with a snarky attitude. She grabs her things, opens the door to get out but completely forgot to unbuckle herself. She get's caught from the seat belt and drops her coffee which luckily landed on the outside of the car. She then screams from the sight of her dropping the coffee, unbuckles herself, slams the door, get's into the other vehicle and they both drive off. My friend walks out of Starbucks and asks why is there a coffee spilled on the outside of the car? I just say "Dude I have no idea what just transpired of the last 5 minutes"