My Boyfriend Tried To Commit Suicide by t2_rg9l3ykh

&#x200B;

Yesterday my boyfriend tried to commit suicide. I still can’t believe it. He didn’t show any signs that he would try. The only reason he’s still here is because of me. Theres a great guilt on me right now. I feel like its my fault when I know it had nothing to do with me. We are teenagers I don’t want to say our exact age but he lived not enough years to go. We have been together for 6 months now and I love him more than anything and yeah it could be puppy love but he does so much for me. He got me out of an abusive relationship he saved me and has never treated me badly. Me and him rarely fight. We have maybe fought 3 times but we never yelled or insulted each-other. He’s made a great impression on my whole family. He’s kind of an old soul type of boy. He likes that old romantic music like “I don’t want to set the world on fire” or “L-O-V-E” and he’s super romantic. The type to dance with you in the rain and hold you close late at night. Me and him have had the privilege to stay the night at each-others houses a lot during the summer of 2022. We often talk about the future together. He has lost a lot of family members he was close with. It breaks my heart every time he brings it up because I wasn’t there for him. Me and him were talking two nights ago about how im usually scared of dying but im not afraid when im with him. He makes me feel safe. A type of safe that you’d let yourself lose everything just to feel that safe again. He feels like home I would be just fine leaving earth if he was there with me. I was saying I want to grow old with him and die with him. He told me how it feels to lose someone close to you and told me there were moments after he lost them that he would sit in-front of the sink telling himself that today was the day that he was going to die. He didn’t have anything to live for. He told me that now he has something to live for and that something is me. He promised me that he would never want to put me through that pain that he had felt. He would never kill himself. That next morning it happened. I woke-up we were texting and i said i needed to shower and after it we were going to play overwatch together. I went to the bathroom set my phone down on the countertop and started my shower. I heard a buzz and looked at my phone it was from him. “I did something stupid.” he said. “I took a whole bottle of pills.” My heart dropped but i cried only a little. He’s the type to make cruel jokes but never takes it this far. I was either going to be angry at him for messing with me like that or have to live with the fact my boyfriend killed himself. He told me he texted his grandma to pick him up from his house to take him to the hospital. I ended up messaging his grandma to make sure this was true. “Have you heard from n/a today?” she proceeded to ask me if everything was going OK between us. I told her yes and she confirmed that he did take the pills. I burst into tears scream crying. I have never felt that pain in my life I’ve never lost anyone close to me. I kept checking my phone to see if i had any texts from him. And of course there weren’t any. I kept texting him that i love him. After a while he texted me and said he was fine. He told me nothing bad happened to him and they are going to watch him for four hours and the next day (today) he will go to the mental hospital. Time has passed now but it hurts more than anything. Im trying to see if i can visit him but its looking like i can only call him. I love him so much and cant lose him. Is there any way i can help.