My hot teacher winked at me once. I winked back.. by t2_ceke5njn

Alright, with a title like that, you most likely assume I made the story up just to get off on my weird "teacher love fetishes." But believe me when I say this story is 100% real. It's nothing too wild, but still notable enough to get off my chest.

This happened in 2019, and I was senior in high school. I'm pretty tall and lanky for my age, and I'm usually very quiet. I rarely ever really talk to any other students or teachers for that matter. My teacher  who (I guess I'll just call her my math teacher. I know she taught something specific but math just generalizes the term) She taught math, and I always thought she was fairly hot. Everyone else knew it too and made small jokes and comments about it to their friends. 

She was very friendly and pretty young too. Almost as young as us. She turned thirty mid-way though the year so she really wasn't all that different from us. Because of this, she was sort of the ""cool teacher"" of sorts. You know the one. That one who the students just love to chat with to the point where the class was barley a class and more of a chill hangout place to relax in after a long day. She made the lessons somewhat fun (although sometimes she did go over-board with trying to make it cute and fun to the point where it got annoying and downright cringe to sit through) 

Regardless, I never had much problems with her and she was well-liked among the school. Towards the end of the year, most kids would ask their favorite teachers to sign their yearbooks or whatever. I never really did any of that kinda shit, but this was going to be the last time I would ever see this teacher, and I decided it wouldn't hurt to try and get a good look of her body one last time.

And that I did. When I waited in line, it was finally my turn and I got up to her. My god, she was beautiful. That day she was wearing a short little cropped leather jacket, and a slim red dress. Along with some nice black boots. I instantly really liked her and wanted to make some conversation. I couldn't think of much, so I just smiled. She looked up at me and winked at me while biting her lip. I winked back and sat down.

&#x200B;

Nothing came out of it.