Kid assaults mom over fortnite by t2_3z8dpuc0

So one night at around 11:13 PM me and some of my friends were playing Horde Rush, grinding on challenges for fortnite and about 12 PM my friend got off because he had a trip early in the morning. Me and my friends were hanging out, laughing and telling jokes until my friend "CoolPool24" (Not his real Xbox name for reasons) said  "we should get into a, Fill round and see if we can find some toxic 9 year old or somethin' ". We all agreed that was a pretty good Idea but what happened was different. So as the round loaded up some 16 year old kid was screaming to the top of his lungs saying "SHUT THE FUCK UP MOM YOU DUMBASS YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT'S GOOD FOR ME". And at this point in like "holy sheeet, this family is definitely not doing so good."  Me and my friends began to laugh and the kid was beginning to calm down. (It gets worse) CoolPool24 then says "Hey kid you gotta calm down, Your mom pit on to this world she'll hit with the belt so hard I bet you'd be put in to the 33rd century" and to be honest i kinda agreed. " the kid began roasting CoolPool24 but all that really came out was "Your mom is such a hoe she fucked me and im &amp;%!" (Im not gonna tell the age cause that's kind of rude. then his mom over heard what he had said she said that if he says one more thing about women being boy toys she would hit him with the belt his ass would disappear. "NOW GET OFF THE XBOX!" Then all of a sudden the kid throws off his mic and in the background we could hear him smacking something in the ground and his mom screaming while saying "WHAT ARE YOU DOING WITH THAT?!" And all of a sudden we hear a scream and the kid coming back like 3 min. Later saying, "Why did i hit her like that... why did I got her at all..?" And i' m here jaw dropped so much in  crushed into the center of earth, thinking "did this kid fucking knock out their mom over telling to get off fortnite...?" And about 10 seconds later, he disconnects. I friended him but I still yet to get his notification of accepting. 

NOTE: I had to leave out some detail of what the kid had said or i would get banned to hell.