Two 1000 Yen by t2_5rtcfbb9

I was cleaning my room today (thanks corona for no school, no thanks for forcing me to do chores I've put off for 2 months) and found two 1000 yen bills with a couple other Japanese currency in coins. 

Last year I was flying from Shanghai to Maryland, with a transfer in Tokyo. 16-year-old me was travelling alone, but not for the first time. After I landed I checked in with my parents, bid them good night because it was way past any acceptable bedtime in their timezone, and went around looking for things to do to kill time. I had been sleeping when they served food on the plane and of course I was hungry. There was a McDonald's, a Starbucks, a 7/11, etc., just the usual chains you see in airports. But I figured since I'm in Tokyo I might as well get something I won't find anywhere else. 

Anyhow, I stumbled into a Japanese restaurant with a menu tuned for a more international group of customers (so much for finding something unique, but I can't really read a sushi menu and also sushi is expensive). The place had a nice atmosphere. I had ample space to myself. Across me sat a young guy and an older man. The duo looked like student and professor. I ate my curry with fried pork with so much leisure that I only had about half an hour left before my flight departs. 

The total came down to a little over 20 USD. I took out a visa credit card to pay, thinking that the trusty little guy who had served me well in two other countries would also work here, but the waitress tried three times and said sorry, I'd have to pay some other way. I asked her, rather stupidly, if the restaurant takes US currency. Of course it didn't. I began to panic a little just then. The waitress, who was super nice, told me that currency exchange is just around the corner. She told me not to worry and just finish my matcha sundae in peace. I simply didn't have the heart to. After taking a few bites, I left my jacket and carry-on at my seat, informed the waitress I'd be back soon, and ran to the exchange booth. When I got back with two paper bills and a couple coins of various sizes, the waitress told me that my bill had been paid by the old man who was sitting across from me. He and his companion were leaving when I went to say thank you and give him the money, but he declined after my multiple insistence. I didn't know how to respond. I was overwhelmed with gladness. I feel like I should've done more or said more to him, but I simply collected my stuff and rushed to catch my flight after that.

I kept the bills because there was nowhere to spend them. Now that I found them, I don't suppose I'll spend them anywhere, even if I do visit Japan one day. They're a sweet reminder of a kind deed that still makes me smile.