The girl I met in the train, Part 8 by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋, this the 8th part of the story. So if you haven't read the first parts, please do, so that the story would make sense. You can easily find the previous parts on my profile, just click on my profile ' j0hnwikk ' above the title. I hope you will read them🤗.

(NOTE:You can call me John, my friend's name is Mike and her name  is Remi. I am not giving the original names but we can use these names.)

I woke up as one of the happiest people in the world that day. I was going to meet her again. My mind is filled with poetry, poems about her. I never expected to meet her in the train, then see her again in the church hall one year later, and then finally find her tuition class. It's like she was a chapter of my life, we were supposed to meet, I don't think it was a coincidence. 

I loved going to school, I should say it was my second home. I spent more than half the day in my school. After the class I come to my school playground to play with my friends which included people older than me, younger than me and also from my age. If there ever was a paradise on earth, for me it was my school. After playing most of us sit in the front of the school and talk about our day, joke about the things that's happening around us and have fun. That is the best part of the day for me. Friendships made in the playground lasts forever. Nowadays I don't see it much and it's a shame. Most kids live in the virtual world totally ignoring the real world.


I was going to miss playing in the ground after school, tuition was only three days a week so it was not a big deal, which also means I can only see her 3,4 times a week. Well you don't get everything in life. We reached early to the class because our class finished earlier than her class.

I was nervous but confident at the same time. Tuition class was at the terrace of our tuition teacher's home.  I kept looking back to the stairs through which everyone came. After sometime she came, I didn't know school uniforms would look this pretty on someone. She looked like an angel wearing a white shirt with a navy blue overcoat and a pant. Her ponytail was the cutest thing I have ever seen.

Her friend sat down right next to me and she sat down just beside her. I wished they sat opposite to us so that we could  face each other. Teacher started taking the class and gave us problems to try. During this time, her friend asked me whether my name was John. I was surprised, I was seeing her for the first time in my life. I asked her how she knew my name and whether we knew each other. She moved her head to the backside and pointed her finger at Remi. She was smiling, she was trying to hide her face and told me that she saw me in the church hall that day. She remembers my name because I had said my name before my presentation on stage. I told her immediately that we met before in a train.

Her friend looked amazed, I couldn't believe I delivered a dialogue like that, I don't know, it just came to my head. She was smiling and after a second of thought, she said she remembers. She quickly hid her face after that, she took cover in the side of her friend's face and started doing problems. Her shy smile was worth more than anything for me. We didn't talk much after that.

When the class was over  we all came down the stairs and went in opposite directions. She remembered me , my efforts didn't go to vain. I realised she had noticed me. I still remember that day, her smile, her face, her words, I guess I will never forget.

Will be continued.

This is a true story so please don't expect something filmy😅. Thank you for reading.Your feedbacks are valuable,DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Give an upvote if you liked it. I will see you friends soon🖤.