My aunt once looked for her own dead body with the entire summer camp she was attending by t2_49zxpzfb

swim time is all fun and games until you wind up linking arms with the entirety of camp to wade through the lake trying to find the body of the missing camper who presumably drowned.  

summer of ‘91 and Stacie is living it up with Jesus in her Christian camp—mosquitoes, crappy food and all.  swim time was a highly anticipated part of the day, even for her age group who had a significantly shorter swim time than the big kids.  after placing her key ring on the pegboard, a necessary procedure before entering your age’s roped off part of the lake to ensure no one gets lost or left behind, Stacie hopped in and splashed around in the leech infested waters.  She didn’t question the fact that it did indeed seem quite a bit longer than normal.

however, the fun ended quickly when the panicked head of camp called an emergency all-camp prayer meeting.  all of camp, young and old, gathered on a hill to be informed of a missing camper who had been left in the lake and most assuredly drowned.  tears welled up in Stacie’s eyes as they all held hands and bowed their heads in prayer.  what would the child’s poor parents do?  how could this happen at her good christian camp?

the counselors called for the campers to help search for the child’s body to reduce time spend on looking.  they all linked arms and began to walk out through the water hoping to find the body but not be the one to step on it.  

after an hour of searching, they lost hope.  a camper was dead on their watch, and there was nothing they could do about it.  however, as Stacie exited the lake, a glimmer of light struck her attention.  a single key ring was still on the pegboard, presumably the dead child’s.  upon closer inspection, her heart dropped to her stomach.  

it was her number on that key ring.  Stacie pulled a counselor aside and proceeded to explain that she believed she was the dead child.  She must not have gone into the side of the lake in which her key ring was placed and ended up swimming with the older kids for their significantly longer swim time.  

needless to say, the staff was far from pleased, but Stacie did not find her own dead body that day and they kept a close eye on her for the rest of the week.