The day my dad stole my cat because he was lonely. by t2_zzr23

So this is a story that took place a few years ago.

Growing up my dad always insisted we couldn't have pets but eventually gave in and let us have one cat (Mickey) who we had for 19 years and to whom my dad was very attached. Mickey died  a number of years ago and my dad hadn't had a cat since.

Then, a few years back, I had to go on a business trip for work. I was going to be gone for a week and my cat (Bunny) is quite elderly so I asked my parents to look after the cat while I was gone. My parents agreed and I went on my trip.

A week later, I return and pick up my cat and go about my normal life as usual. Until about 3 days later when I get home and realize I can't find my cat. She doesn't come when called, or greet me at the door like usual. So I look around.

The cat isn't in the closet, cupboards, or under the bed. The door was locked, the windows are closed and no matter how much I look for the next hour or so, I can't find my cat. So I start to panic. What if the cat crawled somewhere to die? She's old after all (17) and maybe I should look again. I look again, still can't find the cat.

Not sure what to do, I call my parents. Frantic, to tell my stepmom that my cat is missing. After listening to me panic for a few minutes she sheepishly informs me that the cat is at their house. Mind you, I live 10 miles from my parents and could not fathom how the cat got there. So I ask her how the heck the cat got to their house. At which point she informs me that my dad really likes my cat. So much so in fact that he got lonely without her, went to my house and took the cat home.

I couldn't even be mad. My dad and I have a good relationship. So I had her put him on the phone. My dad (in his early 70's btw) pleads if they can keep the cat overnight because he misses her. I give in. I agree the cat can stay overnight, but I'm going to come pick her up in the morning.

In the morning I drove over to visit my dad and pick up the cat, and there he is, in his slippers, in his favorite armchair, petting the cat and the cat is absolutely soaking it up. My dad informs me how good my cat is, how much he really likes her, and tells me that if I ever didn't want to keep her, I could give her to him. I felt bad, but I took the cat home.

My dad frequently calls me to check how the cat is and asks about her every time I visit. Luckily, a stray cat recently had kittens in his back yard and he informed me that they had decided to keep one. A week later dad decided they would keep all the kittens. They have 4 cats now, and dad named every last cat himself and frequently emails me to tell me how they are.