[NSFW] Brother’s quest for hookers and knowledge by t2_1v1p0b40

Aight, my fellow redditors. Sit down, for imma tell you the great story that has transpired the night when this post was made... i shall write the events that happen from now on, and maybe i will do further updates in the comments.

I stay with my family and with my older brother in a small building owned by my father. I would not exactly call this a house anymore, as it was modified to house guests in order to raise the family’s general income. Kind of like a proto-apartment building. This is important for later, i think.

My older brother one day decided that his life during the dark days of... having to stay at home for reasons i will not mention here has been lacking... and as such, he decided to order a hooker right to our house, in friday night. Mostly because he felt like he didn’t really know a lot about sex and... to satisfy his needs.

Now, i think we can all see why this sounds like a horrible idea. And honestly, there IS a lot that could go terribly wrong, here. But hear me out. He had begun planning this from a couple weeks back, and made sure to choose the perfect time to pull it off...

...he decided to tell me that i needed to move away to one of the empty apartments while he did what he had to do. It is cool and i was cool with that, specially because of the 20 bucks he paid me to lay low, as he had told the hooker he lived alone. 

...might as well take the time to explain where exactly am i gonna be during this cold night, here. There are four departments. Two on the base level, and two in a floor above. The two apartments in the base level, as far as we are concerned, are being rented at the moment, and the two above are completely empty and in the process of getting built during daytime.

Obviously, the base level is a no-go. Too risky, as even if the people renting those spots are not there, they could come to sleep at any time. As such, the levels above are gonna be my hiding spot as of tonight. Imma update yall as to what happens to bro while i hide here. It ain’t much, but hey, it be a story, innit.