I got bullied and ended up being the one in trouble. by t2_6bvdaown

All names are fake.

Some background. Between grades 4 to 6, I had a bully, which I'll call Jared (apologies to any Jared's out there). He did the typical stuff, calling me names (an example is communist) and spread rumors. I see myself as a person who can ignore mean comments, but some of the stuff he said was beyond disrespectful and it did get to me. Other than that, he wasn't physical...until one day.

It was the day before Winterbreak, in grade 6. Since I live in the winter wonderland of Canada, it was incredibly icy outside. So Jared and his friend, who I'll call David, apologies to David's, decided to go on a spree.

They had the brilliant idea to trip others. One of them gets behind the victim on all 4s while the other distracts, then pushes them, causing them to fall on the ground. Again, it was icy outside, so they could have seriously injured someone, which thankfully they didnt. 

Anyways, during first recess, they did this technique to me, but failed cause David behind me was too far away, so I didnt fall. I ran away from them and to my older brother, but he told me to simply ignore and avoid them. 

Come second recess, and David pushed me, causing me to fall. They laughed as Jared got up. 

Now, I dont advocate violence, but my father always told me that if someone gets physical with you, hit them back. So naturally, I did. I got up and punched Jared in the face, which was quite satisfying. 

Both glared at me, and seeing as it was a 2v1, I booked it. Luckily I was faster, so what ensued was a 20 minute chase, which involved me hiding behind pine trees. 

The bell rung, and ignoring a teacher, I ran inside and headed for the principles office. Grade 7 and 8s go in before everyone else for some reason, so the hallway was packed. As I ran, Jared caught up to me since I was exhausted. He tackled me and we wrestled in the hallway for 30 seconds, before some students broke it up. Even then, he was kicking my stomach and chest hard, and despite my thick winter coat, it hurt. 

I went to my locker, took my coat and boots off, and skipping lunch, went to the principle. I told her EVERYTHING, me going to my brother, them tripping others and the fight in the hallway. 

She was skeptical about the hallway fight and she checked the cameras. Since the hallway was packed with tall big kids, the fight wasn't visible, since the camera was in a corner at the end of the hall. She didnt believe me. She called in my brother, who had almost nothing to do with any of this, and he said he told me to ignore the boys. She called in the boys, they obviously denied it. 

After all that, my BROTHER and I got in trouble and had to sit in an empty classroom, apart from one teacher, for the rest of the 2 hour day. Worst still, this was the day before the Winter holiday, so while I was crying my eyes out, Jared and David were in class, goofing around and watching movies. 

I guess the bright side is that Jared transferred to another school, so I never saw him again. And luckily my brother doesnt seem to hate me for this. But my parents were livid. 

I try to forget about this since I feel like this is petty, but I get angry everytime I remember. Thought I could post it here to get it off my chest, and to see if me punching him in the face was justified 

Short version (what does TLDR stand for?) : I punch bully after he trips me, he beats me up in a hallway, my brother and I get in trouble while said bullies get away without punishment.