Why I belive in Ghosts by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

I know that you probably think *Oh, this isn't true. Just hallucinations.* But it is. It scared the heck out of me. Nobody believed me.

Okay, on to the story.

So I was having a sleepover with my friend. We were playing truth or dare. My friend (lets call her Gina), dared me to stay in a really small, compact closet for about 10 minutes. (She didnt know about my claustrophobia, so I don't blame her). I claimed into the closet. After about 5 minutes, I heard a voice. It just laughed in my ear. Nothing else.

It was a little girl, about 4 or 5. I saw her, and before I could react, she grabbed onto my wrist. 

"Save me!" She pleaded. "Please! I'm dying!"

I tried to open the door, but she held it shut. 

"You cant! Father will see!" 

I had no idea what she was talking about. 1. I didn't know this girl at all, 2. My father is an amazing, kind, gentle guy, so he wouldn't do anything.

I tried to pat her head, but she vanished.

I stumbled out of the closet, to see my sister and Gina looking worried. 

"You screamed." Gina said. "Very, very loud." We went on with our night, but it was unnerving.

I was about 9 and three quarters old. Don't know why, but I'm telling you.

Also, there was another time. (This happens almost daily).

So every time I stand in the mirror, I see a ghost (maybe???). A figure, with brown hair, bright blue eyes, and a VERY messed up face.

Like, inexplicably gory. Face all torn up, one eye almost gone, no teeth, the works. 

I've talked to it before. Everyone thinks I'm crazy. Nobody else sees it. I've tried talking to my therapist, my sister, anyone. Nobody believes me. Or they think I'm psychotic. Im not sure if I am.

Once, at a picnic, I saw it again. Sitting in a tree, humming. 

I asked it "Why are YOU here?!" Everyone stared at me. They looked to where I was looking. "There's nothing there." Said my mom. "But-"

I was interrupted by a scream. A loud, ear piercing scream. I looked to the tree, and it was the ghost. Her hands up to her ears, shrieking at the top of her lungs.

Should I see someone about this? I don't know if I'm crazy.

Should I ask its name? I don't know...

TLDR: I see 1 ghost in a closet, another wont leave me alone.

Edit: to clarify some things, I have taken many screening tests, and I may be schizophrenic. I also hear voices, see things nobody else sees, etc. So maybe I have schizophrenia. Not sure. I haven't looked into it too much, but I'm researching to find out whats happening.

Another Edit: I have taken 3 screening tests, and they have all said that I am EXTREMELY high risk for Schizophrenia. So that may be it.