Guy wastes half an hour by not listening to a girl by t2_ui0xzif

Quick background, my dad owned a landscaping company so I spent a lot of time at the lawnmower sales/repair shop. One day when I was about 13 or 14, some guy (we'll call him B) comes in and he's on the phone. B tells whoever he's talking to that he'll be home soon, he just needs to pick up a key for the lawnmower and hangs up. I ask if a key is the only thing he needs. He says yes. I ask if he has a walk behind or a riding mower. He doesn't understand the question so I asked him to point to the machine that looked the most similar to his. He does and I run over to the desk, grab a key, give it to him and tell him to have a nice day. He asks why I think that's the kind of key he needs, I explain they're all the same. He asks how much it is. I tell him not to worry about it, I know they're free for contractors so when an employee comes back I'll just have them put it on my dad's tab. He doesn't like that answer and insists I tell him the \*real\* price. I'm like "Twenty five cents?" B once more demands to know if that's how much they actually cost. I told him that no, the key's free, but if he insists on paying then I'll buy myself some gum. He tells me that he's going to wait for an employee and to put the key back where I got it from. I shrug and tell him to suit himself but he's going to be waiting around for half an hour.

So, fast forward a while later. An employee shows up and they have the same conversation about what kind of mower B has and how to tell which kind of key he needs. B says that I had given him the same key and had tried to just give it to him for free. The employee (who knows me and why I know so much about the topic) is like "Uh, OK?" B once again asks the price, pulling out his wallet. The employee rolls his eyes and says it's free. As B's walking out, I tell him "Oh, looks like I was wrong, it was only 28 minutes!" His face went red and he was clearly pretty angry but he'd already wasted enough time so he just left.