The story of how getting too high completely changed my life. by t2_3ugt52en

My past experiences with pot have been nothing to write home about. It appeared that, no matter how much I smoked, it had very little impact on me. I had the usual sleepiness and hunger related symptoms commonly joked about, but nothing like this. 

Yesterday, I had to drive one of my old coworkers to their shift. He's also my drug dealer, and has been my exclusive source of pot ever since I started smoking it. I've never had a problem with anything he's given me, so when he offered to give me something before we left his house, I happily agreed. 

That's when we revealed he was giving me a dab. For those who may not know, a dab is an extremely potent form of pot, containing over ten times the amount of THC compared to "regular" forms of pot. I didn't realize this as he prepared the rig, and before I knew it, I had taken a hit. The amount he gave me was incredibly small, especially when compared to the hit he had taken right after me. As we walked over to the car, I felt the same way I always feel after smoking; a little bit of chest pain, a little dizziness. I figured I could handle the high, but I was very wrong.

So, I started to drive my coworker to his shift. I had done this so many times before, and I thought this would be nothing different. About five minutes later, the real high kicked in. Time began to completely change around me, and the best way to describe it is like this: 

Imagine that every 5 steps you took forward, you took 4 steps back, then completely forgot what you were doing by the time you made it back to where you were. Then, the cycle quickly repeats. It was as if time was stopping, then progressing forwards for a second, then stopping again. I quickly felt as though I had no idea where I was, and I felt like I kept saying the same thing over and over again. I was stuck in a constant time loop which jumped forwards little by little, and my brain completely flipped out. I had a massive panic attack, so scared that time would "snap" forwards and my coworker and I would be dead. I lost all sense of time and space, I had no clue where I was, if I was moving or not, if I was alone... It was the first time in my life where I experienced true fear. I have never been more terrified, and I still feel the waves of panic over 24 hours later. Driving to school today was horrifying, and I was expecting my brain to start panicking at any second. Even writing this I can feel the panic coming and going. My mind is a mess.

I hate to sound like a buzzkill or whatever, but please stay away from this stuff. I wouldn't wish that experience on my worst enemy. I don't think I'll be smoking or drinking for a long time. I have a new look on life, and I won't be taking anything for granted anymore. It may sound cheesy, but it's true. The fear I felt that day will forever haunt me. 

Please, don't do what I did. It's one of my biggest regrets in life, and I've done a lot wrong.