That one time my sister and I gave permission to some henchmen to rob my moms boyfriend. by t2_16ian7fm

I was around 5 or 6 years old, and my sister was maybe 7 or 8. My mom was dating some guy named Paul. I don’t remember exactly how long they were dating, but it really feels like they were dating for at most, a few weeks.
So Paul had a small 1 bedroom apartment, and it was right next door to where my mom and Paul worked. It was the same building, just two doors down. If I remember correctly, my mom was a telemarketer and that’s how she met Paul.
So one night, we spent the night at Paul’s apartment, and the next morning, my mom and Paul went to work and left my sister and I alone. It may seem crazy now to leave a 7 year old in charge of a 5 year old, but it was the 90s, and they were seriously right next door. 
While my sister and I were watching TV, someone knocks on the door and we answer. A couple of big white dudes were out there, and they asked if Paul was home. Naturally, we answered “he’s at work next door” and pointed to the door. So one of the dudes was like “well, Paul told us to come over so we can get our things” and we were like “oh, ok. Come on in”. So the two dudes standing there wave at a third dude, and they all come in and start taking Paul’s things. They took his bed, his TV, his couch, his small dinning room table, the refrigerator, the microwave, the dishes, they took EVERYTHING. 
Paul had a lizard in an aquarium, and while they were taking the lizard, some how it jumped out and went and hid in the cabinets. These dudes were really nice to us, and making jokes with us, being friendly. Paul’s apartment was small, so it took them less than 30 mins or so to load up all his stuff in their truck.
They didn’t want us sitting on the floor, so they left 1 cheap wooden rocking chair in the house. They couldn’t catch the lizard, so that stayed too. They took EVERYTHING else though. They took the dresser with all of Paul’s clothes still in the drawers. They even took his dirty clothes basket. EVERYTHING.
So they leave and tell us to lock up. It must have been my mom and Paul’s lunch time, and they come walking in. Paul sees his empty apartment and asked “what the fuck. Where the fuck is my shit” to which my sister proudly answered “oh, your friends came to pick it all up for you”.
My mom starts to giggle a little bit, but Paul is almost in tears. He was yelling and telling us we should have came and got him. 
At one point, I asked “are you mad at your friends” and he said “those weren’t my god damn friends”. 
I’m pretty sure he broke up with my mom with in an hour, because I don’t remember ever seeing paul again. 
So, that’s the story of the time my sister and I have permission to some henchmen to rob my moms boyfriend.