I cheated in a bike race, and I will never regret it. by t2_3qmvugqi

I grew up in a small neighborhood in Mississippi somewhere between rural and small town. My mom worked a couple of jobs to pay rent on a small three bedroom house with my stepfather,  and I was the oldest of three. Things were going okay, it was the late 90s, and summer,  and my mother had saved up enough money to buy me a mountain bike for my 11th birthday. There weren't exactly mountains in the delta, but we made it work with dirt trails built into abandoned construction sites,  and creek beds in the dry season, etc.

Now, I was quiet, but scrappy, and liked to hang around the teenagers because I wanted to be taken seriously. There were two older boys in this group that, in hindsight, were absolute psychopaths. The kind only backwater boredom can breed. They decided rather quickly that they wanted my new bike. They were the kind to "borrow" a younger kid's ride and return it in pieces. I was so damned proud of mine that I wouldn't them touch it. I refused to leave it in the yard,  much to my mom's exasperation. Pretty sure I parked it in my closet for the first week or two. 

They eventually spotted me on it and challenged me to a race. These guys were 15 and 16, easily a foot taller than me. I knew it was a slim chance of an actual win, but I also got to pick the track. I chose the service road, uphill around a small man-made lake at the end of my cove. I knew it terminated in a dead end and some shrubs, but there was a short path to the paved road through the trees that I knew about and they didn't. 

On the way, they were lagging behind and muttering about how stupid I was, they could just jump me at the end of the track and take it by force. I knew they were serious, I still have scars from a few rounds with these guys to this day. My plan was to skirt off at the last second, hit the main road downhill and book it home. 

We square up at the mouth of the road, one of them calls three, and off we go. He pulls ahead pretty quickly despite the potholes and mud. We're halfway down when I catch up and he realizes I'm gaining on him. His brother is trailing behind at a more leisurely pace, with about twenty yards between us. 

I pull up level with him at the uphill, and I'd only gained maybe an inch on him at this point when he looks over and *spits* at me. He follows it with,  "I'm gonna knock your $%#@& teeth out, little girl."

I'd never been so incensed in my short life, friends. I had this moment of clarity where I realized several things at once. This bully never wanted my bike, he wanted to hurt me. He was afraid of losing to the local tomboy. In front of his brother, no less. Even if I won, he would try to take my bike. Even if I lost, he was going to beat me within an inch of my life for the second or third time. And I was over it. 

I hit the brake just enough to fall back, level with him, watching him grin, proud of how he'd scared me. 

And I planted my foot in his thigh and kicked him off the hill, into the lake. 

I didn't watch him go, I turned off into the woods in the opposite direction because I knew his brother would go after him. It wasn't a straight drop,  he rolled about fifteen feet and hit the water tangled up in his bike. He ended up with a twisted ankle and a loose tooth, and couldn't walk straight for weeks. 

But he didn't get my bike. I regret nothing.