My Most Vivid Nightmare by t2_2nefio01

I told this story to one of my close friends, who told me it would be a good horror movie. There is a bit of gore in the dream, but I won't detail them. This is an actual nightmare I had as a kid that I remember vividly still, even after seventeen years.

Little back story. I grew up with one older sister, and we've always had weird tastes for our age. I watched my first horror movie I believe at seven years old. It was Darkness Falls, and it fucked me up so badly I've never been able to finish it. That in itself is another story. All this to say: horror themes has been in my life since a very early age. It was the genre of movie we would rent a lot. I watched The Ring almost right after it came out on DVD.

So the nightmare.

I was about eight years old. I was sharing my bedroom with my older sister. She had the top bunk, I was at the bottom.

The dream starts with an overview of the place. It was two massive forests separated by a very tall wall, taller than the tallest of trees. On one side, there was this very lovely, bright and colorful forest. There was also a big pink castle with lots of decorations and flowers everywhere. In front of the castle, there was something along the line of muppets talking and playing, as if they were filming a kids' TV show. That place existed for real, but was also filmed for children. They were singing and dancing, just being this typical colorful show kids love to watch.

On the other side of the wall was a burnt, dark and gloomy forest. It was disgusting and dead. There was also a castle, except it was made of black bricks and had crows everywhere. As if I was only a camera watching what was happening, I entered the castle to see this stereotypical evil wizard sitting on a throne. He was holding a small ragdoll, the ones that usually have those 'mittens' hands, like I've always called them. You know, those dolls filled with cotton, with hair made of wool and with the fingers being one section with a thumb on the side. Like [those dolls.](https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/I/61TTv-Ii2pL._SY355_.jpg) 

The dark wizard said something along the lines of 'You know what you need to do.' before putting the doll into a very colorful toy box. The box clearly didn't not fit in this black brick castle.

Then cue back to the puppets doing a show. In a very cheerful voice, on of them say: 'Let's see what's in the toy box for us today!'

When the puppet opens the toy box, the ragdoll jumps out and starts attacking those happy-go-lucky creatures. Just rips pieces of them off, with blood everywhere. The last thing the doll does is take off its face, as if it was on a band instead of being printed directly on the doll, then puts it on one of the elf like happy creatures. The band contracts and just blows the head up like some kind of ripe watermelon.

I wake up with the faint memory of the screams of agony ringing in my ears. I slowly calm myself down, scared. I was just a child, this was some freaky nightmare. I turn on my side, looking out my bed. I notice something dangling from my sister's bed. It was a ragdoll hand.

I turn again, hide in my blankets and refuse to move. I had two of those kind of ragdolls in my bed, there were gifts from my parents when I was a baby. Those ragdolls went into my closet and never moved from there, even now that I'm a grown adult. And I do mean the closet from my childhood. Like hell they would follow me to my apartment.

As a funny sidenote, Annabelle the doll, the original one, is the same kind of doll I dreamed of all those years ago. Except the one in my dream had jet black hair. I remember she looked like Jade from Jackie Chan animated Adventures.