My Embarrassing Sh****ng Story. by t2_4p68wnl

So this happened when I was around 9 or 10 years old. I was in my friends house and we had just eaten a lot of food. I felt so full, the urge to poop overtook me so I told my friend I would be right back. I dashed to his small bathroom, they had just one main bathroom so I knew I needed to be quick, I had an unnatural anxiety of using toilets around people. The stage was set I smacked my butt down in a rushed panic and started to s**t my brains out it went on for 10 minutes of pure poop stream. I finished up exhausted with a feeling of weightlessness. 

I went to wipe only to find out that there was only one sheet of toilet paper on the roll, I looked around sweating at this point, I checked everywhere but there was nothing except for empty toilet rolls. I was in survival mode, I used the one sheet but to no avail it was a really messy poop. I searched my mind for any kind of idea to save this situation but as a kid I didn’t understand plumbing. 

I reached down picking up the empty toilet rolls and used the cardboard roll to scoop the poop from my butt. I used 5/6 of the rolls and realised it was useless, at least most of the big chunks of poop were gone. That’s when I hear my friends mother say “Anon is everything okay in there” a bead of sweat started to run down my brow, “I’m fine, nearly done” I felt like the world was ending. I stood up my butt still covered in crap, pulled my pants up and flushed the toilet only to hear the water stop very quick and begin to fill the bowl. The cardboard rolls were floating around dancing in between my poop chunks, I almost cried I was so sweaty by this point that my shirt was a mix of dark wet stains. I tried flushing again the water overflowed my shit water was now on the floor and I couldn’t flush again or they would notice. 

I opened the door slowly, peeking through the widening crack so I could plan my escape. I tip toed through the corridor it seemed a lot longer than before my poop covered butt felt disgusting as my cheeks stuck together then slowly pulled apart with each step. I reached the stairs each step was an eternity the small creaks must have been audible to his family, I reached the bottom just as my friend poked his head around the corner. I began rushing for his front door I didn’t even look at him as I said “I have to go my mam wants me back home” He seemed confused “okay” I imagine his first thought being (How did he know his mother wanted him home without a phone) I didn’t care it was now or never I opened the door and ran for my life reaching my home in a matter of minutes. I ran up the stairs of my home and took a shower. It felt good to be clean after so much sweat and poop had been drying on my body. 

The next day at school he told me that his parents had to get a plumber to fix his toilet and that his plumbing system was completely ruined. I never told my friend it was me and neither him or his family ever said anything about what happened. I think they knew though and I felt embarrassed with that thought that they probably talked about me doing that behind my back lol