A story about I how ruined a guys fap session, by pooping. by t2_4elkfjbm

I originally told this embarrassing story to some friends and after nearly dying of laughter they told me to post it on Reddit. This happened back when I was a student a UT Arlington. I was walking around campus in the afternoon after classes when my colon decided that It was time to evacuate my bowels. Now, to give you some information about me, when I need to go poop I can't just pick any restroom. I prefer to find a fairly secluded (and clean) bathroom where I can effectually Poop in absolute peace and quiet.

I walked into a nearby building that I knew had a well maintained, and quiet bathroom. The bathroom in question had alot of stalls and at this time of the day didn't have any nearby classes for the rest of the day.  I took the second to the last stall closest to the far wall and dropped my pants to get ready to take the browns to the superbowl. As i'm pulling out my phone to look at Facebook I freeze as I hear the bathroom door open and somebody walk in. I sat motionless as I hear the guy take the stall next to me, take some stuff out his bookbag, and drops his pants. I was about to just ignore it and start dropping some brown bombs when I hear the sound of anime coming from his stall. I curiously listened to see if it was something I might recognize. To my surprise the only thing I can decipher was the sounds of a women having an orgasm.

"This dude's really watching hentai right now" I said to my self as I still sat there motionless and not making a noise. My ears where then greeted with another sound: the rhythmic pounding sound of a man yanking his wank. I covered my mouth to stifle a giggle as I hear this man beating his sword into a plowshare. It didn't stop there, as the sound of hentai and fapping went on It was joined by a third sound: him breathing hard and aggressively saying obscene things such as  "yeah! take that dick you slut!" , "you're a naughty little b\*tch aren't you?" and more shockingly "Take that tentacle dick!!!" (tentacle porn? seriously?)

I could not believe WTF was going on in the stall next to me, or the fact that he did not know that I was there. My colon then reminded me of why I was in the bathroom in the first place. I decided that I wouldn't disturb the man choking his lizard in the next stall and try to poop as quietly as possible. My bowels however, did not agree with this plan. As I tried to push out the first turd quietly, It decided that it would announce it's arrival by sounding off one of loudest farts known to mankind. The fart lasted a full 4 seconds and echoed throughout the men's room and ended with a small "Ploop" as it dived into the toilet bowl.

I sat there , wide-eyed and flabbergasted, for what felt like an eternity as the bathroom fell dead quiet. All noise coming from the next stall over had stopped. At this point, I began to rethink every choice I made that day that led up to this moment of awkwardness. I just sat there; wondering "Dear God what do I do now?". I could just leave, but that would mean that I would run the risk of a confrontation with this tentacle porn fapper or having to do a Butt-clench walk across campus to another bathroom. On the other hand, I wanted to be anywhere but there. At the same time, the tentacle fapper was still silent.

The standoff was still in a deadlock when it gave way to another problem: my mom's Onion-lacked, spicy chili that I had for lunch produced some of the most foul smelling turds mankind has ever known (not to mention making my anus feel like an f-16's afterburner). The onions cooked into the chili made sure that the smell would make your eyes water as it raped your sense of smell. I soon heard the fapper in the next stall cry out "oh God!" as he began to gag. He quickly grabbed his stuff and left the bathroom. I spent the rest of my number two trying to not gag on the horrible smell as while crying from the added onions. I finished up, and walked out praying that I may never had to encounter another bathroom fapper.