I wanna talk about Jay. by t2_2r3y7cgr

For those of you who don’t know (which is all of you lol) Jay is the name of a 32 year old married man who has been lusting after me for a good couple months now. 

At the beginning of talking, it was really all he could think about. How sexy he thought I was, how I’m 19 and I’m into older men, how excited he felt doing something behind his wife’s back (we’ve never done anything.)

And... to be truthful, I fueled those fantasies. In my head it was just typical online lusty banter. I say he can bring a ladder and I’ll sneak out my bedroom window for him. It was all mostly talk. At least to me it was. 

Jay became very adamant about meeting me around two weeks into us talking. I figured I’d just drop him eventually, probably ghost him and just wait for him to give up. Until one night I had just quit my last job and was struggling to find another one. I was in a really deep depression. 

At the time, I didn’t really feel like I could talk to anybody. Like at all. Not even my family. I was too afraid of them freaking out over it. That night I had been feeling about as low as I’ve ever felt before. I really wanted to just off myself and be done with all the stress and worry. Then Jay texted me. 

“Hey gorgeous, just checking in to make sure you haven’t forgotten about me, lol”

I don’t know what reason my subconscious had for what I said in response but I ended up replying a minute later with:

“Jay I really wanna die.”

Within seconds he replied:

“Why do you wanna die?”

“I’ve just fucking had it, y’know? Trying to find a job, hating myself for burdening my family.”

“Sweetie, you know that’s not true.”

“What the hell would you know? You’re just some sex starved 30 year old who likes legal teen girls.”

“I know quite a bit actually... I was in your shoes when I was 21. No job. Living off my girlfriend, and hating myself for making her life a hell.”

“You never told me that before..”

“You never asked. Bottom line, cutie, you shouldn’t kill yourself. If you do, think about how much you’d be missing out on? Sure there’s shit times and there awesome times. Don’t let the shit times get in the way of the awesome times.”

“I guess... I guess I just let the shit times cloud my judgement, huh?”

“You think? Lol. You feel better yet or...?”

“Yeah. I do. I didn’t think I would but thanks. I mean that.”

“Don’t sweat it, big tits ❤️”

“Fuckin perv to the end lmao”

“Can you blame me?”

Me and Jay still talk to this day. No we have not met. He still comforts me from time to time. Yes I do feel guilty about him being married. Thanks for listening. 

TL;DR: An online middle aged horny married guy talked me out of suicide and is honestly the nicest most thoughtful perv I’ve ever met.