desecrated my friends bathroom while on acid by t2_7c4a8mk

this happened years and years ago but i still think about it frequently and thought id share this beutiful story

it all started when we were 15 getting hands on some acid, we tried the same acid tabs a few weeks beforehand but did not feel anything so we expected the same for this trip, but no we got absolutely destroyed. after we took it we smoked some weed in his shed and we realised we were fucked when we both tripped over a box at the same time, only to realise that there was no box and we were walking on a perfectly normal floor with no bumps or anything. im still amazed at how that happened to this day. 

so we get back into his room and im staring at the wall, my body feels extremely disproportionate and the visuals are completely overtaking my vision, i start hearing monkeys howling and trees in the wind even though the house was silent, it felt like i was in a forest. i lie down on his bed listening to music while he is in his closet doing whatever he was doing. when im on his bed i get the amazing idea to see what trying to cum feels like. this is where it all went wrong

i waltz my way downstairs and into his bathroom. i go at it for like an hour, my friend didnt check on me once or anything because he was too gone to even notice. it finally happens and i clean up and go to flush the toilet. im watching the toilet flush because im completely mesmerised by it, but suddenly i start to see the water rise. i brush it off as me just being too high. well the water starts overflowing and i get sent into a complete fucking panic. in my mind theres water spraying all over the walls and cieling, theres shit flying all over the fucking room and the sound of water pouring from the toilet is as loud as a waterfall. i panickly scurry around his house looking for paper towels and i found a whole roll, but instead of taking the whole roll i took 2 squares. i return to the bathroom and water is still pouring out, this toilet cannot be stopped. at this point the wahsroom is submerged in like a quarter inch of cum water and i start visciously soaking up the water with 2 squares of paper towels. the paper towels got waterlogged instantly so now all hope is lost. the toilet stops overflowing then a strong sence of peace overtakes me and everything just goes completely silent. i stand in the doorway looking at what i caused, the 2 pathetic paper towels floating in my cum water and the worst of it all...the toilet of shame. i stand there for what seemed like eternity and just took it all in. even though i knew i did a terrible thing, it was the most peace ive ever felt.

i continued standing in the doorway contemplating what to do then i decided to go get help from my friend. i told him i just went pee and the toilet spassed out on me. he walked into the doorway and saw my 2 paper towels and laughed, he then walked into the washroom filled with my cum water with no shoes on to go turn some plumbing knobs by his toilet or whatever tf they were. when he walked in i just got that sinking feeling. i was watching my best friend walk around in my cum. 

we get some real towels and eventually soak up all the water then we continue our night and enjoy the acid. well he was enjoying the rest of his trip, but i just felt dirty and couldnt take my mind off what just happened, i started to question if all of that was even real, it was so intense it just all felt like a blur. i go onto my phone a few hours later and see photos of the bathroom i forgot i took, forever cementing what i did. I never told him


edit: after reading a comment i thought i would clarify 1 thing. we didnt see the box, we just thought the box was there. like how u subconsiously step over something youve tripped over many times. we tripped because we tried to step over something we thought was always there but never was