I was beat up despite trying to do the right thing. by t2_gg8xmygo

This happened back in August of this year. I was 2 months in on living in my own in my new apartment for the first time. I also turned 21 in the same month and would get hammered every other Friday night or so after work.
But one night before I left work, I was talking to a random female that caught my interest on Facebook because she had a common interest with tattoos. She takes about hers and I talked about mine. I was already under the impression that this girl was an adult since she had a few tattoos.
Well it wasn’t until later on that night during our FaceTime call while I was already buzzed that she told me that she was actually 17. Being buzzed in the moment it didn’t really matter to me at the time since I don’t really think straight when under the influence like most people. We were talking about hanging out together etc.
But then the next morning came around and I was already sobered up and realized that it wouldn’t be such a great idea for me (a 21 year old male) to be hanging with a 17 year old female. So I texted her saying that it wouldn’t be a good idea for us to hang out and canceled on her.
This is where shit hits the fan.
She went off on me for talking to her the previous night and I still did my best to explain that I was drunk and didn’t made the best choice. But I wasn’t getting through to her, she kept calling me names like “creep” and “weirdo”. Like bro, I’m literally canceling the plans because I know better??
Well anyways I guess she knows this guy that went to my high school, but I did not know at the time. He texted me minutes later asking to hang out, I didn’t think anything of it at first so I said yes and gave him my address.
He shows up with one other guy and after he dapped me up he immediately beat the living shit out of me and I went down on the ground as I yelled “wait wait wait, let me explain!”
He helped me back up and understood the reality of things and told me that we’re cool now and left. I’ve been paranoid about coming home late after work since. 

Did I not do the right thing? Was I in the wrong for drinking in the first place? I keep asking myself this ever since and my now girlfriend and my closest friends have all told me that I’ve literally done nothing wrong to deserve it since I immediately canceled on her because I knew it would be weird and wrong. That day still haunts me. 
I also took this as a lesson to just be careful who I talk to on social media. Obviously that’s not longer the case now since I do have a very loving and caring girlfriend.
What do you guys think?