I was trying to sleep but heard stomping (creepy experience) by t2_4t1bnyec

I felt like sharing this on another sub before I go to bed but just this one event so I will try and be more detailed.

since I was a kid in our previous house I always had some experiences where it sounded like people were whispering my name when I tried to sleep or as if someone was trying to sneak into my room. This wasnt just me experiencing things as my parents recall hearing glass breaking or someone stomping up stairs on some occasions. My brother claimed to have seen a ghost that looked like they were from the 1800s and my dogs would randomly look up stairs and viciously bark at nothing. When my mothers business took off and my father was getting paid well we eventually moved to a much newer home so I assumed that stuff would stop.

I remember at 13 being all happy about a newer home not because its a new home thats a few years old but because I figured that meant no more creepy shit. However not only did I notice creepy shit going on but it was worse and my friends would experience it too however it was more rare and creepier with them. Usually I experienced this stuff alone as for some reason everything was cool with my friends around.


So one night at 15 I stayed up late doing home work I put off and then realized I had no clothes for the next day so I had to do a load of laundry and shower before bed. Well I could have just thrown my clothes in the dryer and showered but I waited a full hour and a half before showering and tyen took a long shower so I got into my bed around 12: 30 or so. (I was able to go to bed late because everyone went to bed before me and I lived like 5 minutes of walking distance from school. This meant sleeping at 10:30 was fine but I would push this to 11:30 or to 1 am on some nights.)

As I layed there I hear stomping go down the stairs and then back up to where it started and then back down. The starting point sounded like it was the very last step to tye upstairs which was a few steps away from the bathroom. As this repeated I was freaked out but figured it was the cat so I was ready to pass out until I realized it couldnt have been the cat. 

For starters all the animals slept when my parents went to sleeps and the rare moments they dont we always had to let them into my parents room before bed. Then we have the fact that cats not only have 4 legs which you can hear but they dont sound like 2 heavy feet moving. Not to mention going up and down the stairs over and over again was odd behavior especially since only 1 cat would leave my parents room and the other 2 hid in my parents room all day. So the 1 that we saw around the house would have just went into my room and meowed for me to let him in my parents room.

With this realisation alarms started to go off in my head so I worked up the courage to check it out but only until the stomping ended down stairs. When this happened I quickly shot up, ran into the hallway, turned on the light, and looked down stairs. You know what I saw? Not a damn thing. So I relaxed, turned off the light, and layed back down.

The stomping did not stop and it actually moved faster up the stairs. When the stomping reached the top it went back down stairs and then back up but further down the hall way. This made me freak out even more so like a little kid I threw my blanket over my head and tried to focus on my fan to drown out the noise. But I thought of the licker from RE2, which freaked me out as a kid, and for some reason that made me get up and shut my door. 

After that I turned on my TV, my lights, and layed down. The stomping continued but stopped at my door each time it went back up. I think my brain noped TF out of that situation so I just passed out im the middle of this. I woke up some hours later to my friemd pounding on the door to let me in. My friemd moved to the city next to towm but the schools sucked so his mom lied that he lived in towm and dropped him off at my place aroumd 4 am where he would lay on my floor and pass out until 6:30.

Anyways he kept asking me why everything was turned on so I told him. He looked at me and laughed about it but later in the day another friend of mine explained that one night while another friend of ours, him, and I were trying to pass out in the basement we heard loud stomping, a crash, and a scream up stairs.