Don't be surprised when you hear or read some weird shit about Belgium any time soon by t2_5bn53kfn

It might be about one of our kings from the past, but I'm talking about some political bullshit or an individual who couldn't take any more of this shit and went on a rampage.

I know, this happens all the time all over the world, but I'm not sure how many of those stories reach us here, apart from the recent racial thing.

I don't want to minimalize facts about that story, I just find the racial discussion a relic from the past. We all know it's something that's still around and shouldn't be, but even the most die-hard racists have to admit: globalism is a thing and it's not going away. Deal with it.

&#x200B;

If you're interested in a story right now, I am happy to share David's story with you.

He never had any serious issues apart from the occasional toothache or lost friend.

This lockdown has quite an impact on David.

A quick recap on his situation: wife, 3-year-old son, a job in IT with his first real employer, been with the company for over 8 years. Recovering from some mental issues.

When the government declared a state of lockdown, David had mixed feelings. He has always been quite an introvert so he loved the idea of staying home all the time. But he dreaded the feeling of not being able to flee from work and family. Even if just for a weekend, which has happened only once before. Those 2 days in Amsterdam were quite special, but that's a whole different story.

Governments all over the world are turning the situation into either a joke or a twisted way to get elected again in the next couple of years.

Experts on virology and anything else medical are yanking their bell as hard as they can, while people are listening less and less by the minute. David can only think "Did I really overestimate the human race?".

What's going to happen next? Aliens announcing they are about to enslave us all? Or just that country X was actually responsible for releasing this pesky virus in this world?

David did not wish for this. He never dreamed this year to be like this. It was supposed to be something futuristic. With flying cars and full meals in the form of 1 tiny pill. Stuff like that. It should not have been 'stuck in a house or apartment for several months with only TV, social media and in some cases family to entertain ourselves'.

David could never read anything without reading someone's opinion. Whose opinion it was, honestly, usually he had absolutely no idea. He could not be bothered to find out. All stories heard and seen are either black or white, yin or yang, day or night. One could guess this shows the duality of mankind.

The one time a grey and nuanced story gets out, it is drowned out by news about some politician making some stupid observations or having a silly idea.

&#x200B;

Masks that cover the mouth and nose have been and still are quite a story in the country where David lives.

He will use them when needed, but he's been told it's something to take away your fear, while merely reducing the risk. As long as X > 0 no one is completely safe.

David does not stay safe for himself. His screensaver is a picture of his son. He gets reminded of his meaning of life a lot. All the time. He needs to be there for his family. The things he wants to teach his son. The places in the world he wants to see with his family.

At the same time, he's thinking about what kind of world he has brought a beautiful little boy into. Is this world worth our time on it? Or are we not allowed to ask that kind of question?

&#x200B;

David is having a hard time concentrating on what brings food to the table.

Music can calm the unholy beast in him, but there are times when even music is not enough to stay in control of one's own emotions.

When he gets angry, it's just a verbal battle, it never gets physical and it doesn't turn into a war.

&#x200B;

I don't know about you, the reader, but if you ask me, it wouldn't surprise me if David has the potential of snapping for real, killing his family to save them from this world, going medieval on the world around him to then commit suicide with a sword, inspired by a culture he has a lot of respect for.