My life is just going down hill and I can't stop it by t2_5h9wkr4j

A little context before I start. So, I'm a 15 yr old boy who's been bullied a lot in school and have been struggling with depression, anxiety and suicide (sorry if my english a bit off, it isn't my first language). You could say that I've had it a bit rough, not too rough, but enough to make a difference.

I was bullied a lot through third to sixth grade. I was left behind, ignored, verbally abused and hit on some ocations. I never really had any friends, but I had a few, so I was often alone on recess. In third grade it all started. They started to ignore me for no reason, they just felt like it. I was a fairly emotionally unstable kid so when an emotion struck, it hit hard. Now, in retrospect, that may have been the reason why they chose me. Anyways, I cried a lot in school, even for the dumbest things! I could've just said something wrong and I was just start crying if someone chuckled over it. It was stupid, I see that now, but it was who I was and that wasn't going to stop me, or so I thought.

Every day was a nightmare. I had trouble getting out of bed, in third grade. I sound selfish when I point it out but just imagine for a second. A ten or nine year old boy (we in Sweden start a year after the Americans) having trouble getting out of bed in the morning because of a group of kids are saying things about him either in front of him, or behind his back. That's sickening to think about.

Let's fast forward to 2016 real fast. I think I was in fifth or sixth grade. Anywho, my grandparents died and they took advatage of that. They meant a lot to me, I kinda grew up in thier house, so that they exploited the fact that the most important part of my life was gone, was a low blow, even for them. But the school didn't care at all. They didn't believe us!

I had been tourmented for so long that I thought, and tried, to commit suicide. I wasn't happy, and I still haven't recovered. I never made any indecation that I was suicidle, I never even said anything to anyone. My parents wanted me to go to a therapist but I denied it every time, a really stupid fucking move. But I powered through ut and started at a new school. I still have trust issues but I always lean towards someone more than anyone else I know.

Fast forward to last week. I just found out that my girlfriend is thinking about taking her own life because of that school. She's been there for a shorter time but she has/had it worse than I ever had. Not only that but my uncle is on deathbed and his heart will probably stop, fully, soon.

I don't know what to do so I went on Youtube and saw that people were making posts about these things here and I just thought: "Maybe, just maybe, this'll clear my mind"
I hope it did. Please people, check on the qiuet kid sometimes, only he knows what's happening in his head.

Edit: I forgot to put this in, but I changed shcools and I'm doing pretty good now. Sorry if I worried a lot of people and NEVER take bullying as a joke, it's not.