I just want to tell someone about the experience had last night by t2_bnprtfd

I am 13 and live in Canada just to make that clear and last night I was sleeping for a decent amout of time for me, when my dog started barking his head off and woke me up. I let him out of my room and peaked out to see my mom with a baseball bat and on the phone with 911. At the door there was a man with his hood up pounding on our door and trying to unlock it. Me being the weirdo I am grabbed my knife that is in my room and stood there with my head slightly peaked out my bedroom door. My mom is weak and I could here her talking on the phone saying she was gonna pass out. This was when I knew I had to do something. Since my room is in the basement I ran my little ass to the furnace room where the gun safe is. I know what you guys may think a 13 year knowing where we keep the guns but my family is from the east coast and we are big hunters. I have always known where the key was so I quicky got the little .410 gauge and loaded all the while my legs were about to give out any moment. I was about half way up the stairs when my mom saw me and told me to put it away because 3 cops were almost here so I put it back as fast as I could because I didn't want to start anything with the police. They arrived and the man didn't even resist. He was apparently super drunk and forgot where he lived. Turns out he lives nearby because he did the same thing to my sisters house but my parents hid it from me. My mom did not press any charges because it seemed like a honest mistake and just wanted him to get home. My Dad was working nights out on site btw. My mom told me that I had proved to her that I wasn't scared. I guess she thought that with my high anxiety that I might freak out but I stayed calm until it all hit me afterwards. Thats pretty much all I have to tell and before we get comments saying that this is fake you have the right to believe in whatever you would like but that was by far the scariest night I had. Btw sorry for punctuation its 4:30 here and im on mobile. English is my first language so bash me about that.