I forgot her name by t2_5lu1cjgl

When I was in high school I was in love with this girl . We were only friends like classmates not best friends or anything, we used to talk occasionally and I always used to try to make her laugh. I didn't talk to her much because I was too shy at that time. 

She was in my mind day and night so I thought of asking her out finally and I proposed this idea to my best friend who knew I had a crush on her and he said "Dude don't you know she's dating that tall dude on football team from last month". 

Fuck. I thought they were cousin or something because they both were redheads. I still had my hope on and thought of asking her out after she broke up with him. Sadly they broke up just before the high school graduation he was cheating on her or something. Again when I use the word sadly it's because now I couldn't ask her out just after she got out of relationship. 
University came up by then and I had to leave town she continued in the same town so I thought okay maybe I can ask her later when I come back at home. 

I got into a relationship in university so I forgot about her though her picture came up in my mind now and then. I did saw her once when I was back at home at Walmart but I didn't say hi or something. I don't think she noticed me I was wearing a hoody because I had fever at that time. That was also the last time I saw her.

I didn't follow her Facebook or something at that time because I thought it would look creepy.  I don't know why I thought that. Anyways after that I got into many relationships and used to still think of her now and then. 

My marriages didn't workout. The first one went wrong after she turned to alcohol because of her work stress due to work pressure. She is a lawyer so I don't completely blame her on that but soon I found out that she was cheating on me with another lawyer. We had a 6 year old son who she got custody of which broke my heart. 

My second marriage was when I was 32 it's actually quite interesting. We both were friends from work and one night we got drunk at a party and started making out and stuff. Later we were friends with benefit and then we decided we should get married as we both were compatible and we were aging. She wasn't married before. 

After my second divorce which was last Christmas. Today at my 36th birthday I thought of searching up her online and trying to talk but I realized I forgot her name. 
I cannot even remember her face clearly it's just bits and pieces , I tried guessing her name and looking up but I don't even remember her face. All I remember is how she made me feel and how mad I was for her and all this story crap but I can't remember her name. 

It's hilarious. 

(Any feedback would be highly appreciated).