Racist encounter. by t2_3tss6hzq

I was working at my gas station, restaurant hybrid. It was 30 minutes left before clocking out, and I was on register. I get this really sweet, black lady who looks to be 40. She was just asking questions about the gas pump because she was confused. Literally, she wasn't taking up any time at all. 

This tall, lanky, glasses wearing white guy comes behind her and yells at her saying, "oh my god, stop holding up the line, go figure it out yourself." He says more things than that. The lady replies with, "excuse me? Who are you talking to like that? You're so rude." He insults ger intelligence by calling her stupid, and he follows up with, "you people are all the same, I'm late for work." The lady looks so hurt and starts asking questions to him and I just interrupt there with a "sir you can have the coffee for free, have a good day."

 He leaves and I immediately tell that woman, "fucking racist piece of trash." And we both talk about it and I start consoling her. She kept saying she should've smacked him upside the head and I kept telling her he's not worth it. Idiots like that are not worth it at all. She's obviously tearing up and all my coworkers start joining in on the conversation. Me and my supervisor just start talking to her normally. The lady says to my supervisor, "yea, OP was super and made it better." My supervisor then says, "oh him? He's my rudest employee." We got her to leave while laughing. 

When I got home though, I just started tearing up about it because I've lived 20 years now. I'm an Arab/Puerto Rican. I've dealt with racism, but it was always rude jokes or just banter.  I've said racist jokes too. I've laughed at racist jokes. I could tell that there was no hate behind the racist jokes I've seen in my life time. But this instance, was the first time I've actually seen genuine racism. It made me so disgusted with the dude to the point where I started tearing up just thinking about that woman's face. That made me realize how gross it actually is. It makes you such a gross person. He had hate in his heart and it just isn't fair to even think like he does. It was fucking disgusting to even see that guy be that ignorant. 

I'm just telling this because it just happened, and I needed an outlet to just relieve my frustration basically. Anybody reading this, please just be a good person. Be a nice person, even if you're late to work. There's too many people who are disgusting like that man. Just be a good person :)