The Real Physician's Battle with COVID-19 Not Reported By The Media by t2_8nwoohn6

I am a physician fighting on the front lines of the COVID 19 pandemic. I am an internal medicine trained physician. For the past 4 1/2 years I have been providing care solely to nursing home residents in several nursing home facilities across the state of Connecticut. Most of the patients that I care for are immunocompromised and either have dementia or psychiatric illness.  Nursing homes have been the epicenter of the pandemic in this state.  As of yesterday we have lost over 5000 nursing home residents and staff.  We were blamed for poor infection control and poor care and for the multitude of deaths in our facilities. What the public does not know is the truth... not what the media tells you but the actual trust from the mouth of a seasoned physician that has borne witness to it all.  What I have seen in these past nine months, my eyes can never unsee.  In the beginning of this pandemic, I witnessed several facilities trying to cover up their outbreaks. When this all started Covid swabs were not even available to our patients and when they were some administrative staff were asking us to discard swabs and not send them to the labs.  When we were able to test, it was taking up to 10 days to get a result. Not to mention the fact that we did not have proper gear to protect ourselves or our patients. In an eight week span, I lost over 120 patients across the state. It was devastating and not something I ever imagined I would experience in my career or in my lifetime. Patients were sick and dying in our facilities.  They were unable to be united with family and many were scared because they did not recognize us in our masks and shields. During the height of the pandemic, our patients were denied services including radiology exams, routine laboratory services, and routine medical follow-ups. They were even denied beds in our hospitals and were sent to die in “COVID” tents.  With no approved treatment available at the time, we as clinicians had to have a tough discussions with the families. In a lot of cases we decided to keep the patient comfortable and allow them die peacefully and with dignity in our homes as we they were unlikely to survive the illness. And in the midst of all this, we were receiving guidance from our federal health agency and local officials to cover our mouthes to protect ourselves with scarves and bandanas.  Yet we went to work each day, tired and weary, to provide the best care for our patients only to have the media and these government agencies criticize us for the care that we were giving.  It was and is disheartening. I still lose sleep over this most nights. As numbers are on the rise again, we are starting to see the same patterns. Guidance is not strong and changes sometimes on an hour to hour basis. As staff get ill and can no longer care for our patients, our facilities are forced to close. Lab companies are again refusing to come and draw their blood work and transportation companies are again refusing to transport them to necessary appointments to keep them alive, including dialysis. Hospitals are being dishonest and are sending known Covid positive patients back to these facilities without informing us and causing a recurrence of outbreaks in our facilities. And yet complaints are fallen on deaf ears. As healthcare providers, we are angry and we are tired, yet we continue to fight for our patients. But in the end, it is the patients who lose. First, they lost their independence, then they were denied the ability to see their families, then they were denied admission to our hospitals, and now they are being denied the routine medical care that is needed to keep them alive. Some have paid the ultimate price with their lives and yet here we are stuck in the same spot that we were back in March and April.  Some think we have come so far, but the reality is, sadly, nothing has changed. 

Sincerely,
Laura C. Brenes, MD