Pedophile neighbor by t2_3j1dak75

This is my first reddit post, and I’m also posting from my mobile so sorry for the format. 

When I was a kid, around 7 or 8, I had a super creepy neighbor. He lived a couple houses down from me in this ugly run down trap house. He was seriously the typical scary neighbor whose house you would literally speed-walk by and never look up as you passed. He just seemed not completely normal, so it wasn’t a shock when my parents found him as a registered sex offender online. I really only had two major interactions with him and his dog but it was enough to make me a nervous and paranoid child. 

The first interaction was brief but frightening. I was playing with my little brother around our house. We must’ve been playing hide-n-seek because I thought it’d be a good idea to hide on the side of our house, between some bushes. As I was hiding I could hear footsteps coming towards me, I jumped out and yelled “Boo!” expecting my brother to be creeping up on me. It was the neighbor and his dog. The dog growled and snarled at me, and I ran into my house as fast as I could. 

The second interaction was with just his dog. His dog was a 60-70lb pitbull, and at the time I really didn’t know anything about pitbulls besides the fact that my creepy ass neighbor had a vicious one. Well one day my brother and I were playing with his friends outside one of their houses, when the neighbor’s dog came charging out of their house straight toward us. The dog in no way seemed excited or happy to see us, in fact it highkey looked like it wanted to rip us apart.  My brother and I, and all his friends, took off in several directions. Some friends ran straight into the house, some ran down the street, and my brother and I took off on bikes. The dog chased me down the street, barking and damn near foaming at the mouth. I screamed my fucking head off the entire time. Eventually I nearly flipped my bike and was forced to stop, leaving the dog to catch up with me. But once he got to me, I froze and so did the dog. He sniffed me, but stopped barking and just sat at my feet. I heard the neighbor’s girlfriends (plural bc im pretty sure he had several) screaming after me and the dog, so I ran and hid behind the car. I could hear the women say something along the lines of “what a little pussy ass bitch.” 

In hindsight, I definitely don’t blame the dog for his behavior or attitude considering how the owner conducted himself. I mean honestly, the dog was probably barking at my bike more so than at me, but at 7 or 8 you don’t really realize that.  It definitely scared me shitless though and made me become much more aware of the people around me. A couple month after these events my parents told me they saw him getting arrested at one of the gas stations in town. Haven’t since that creepy fuck ever since.