The nice girl who turned mean by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

She was the girl who gave all her new pack of lipglosses to her friends because they really liked them and she wanted to make them happy. She gave all the best ones away and kept her least favourite color for herself. 

She was the girl who shared her lunch with everyone and brought candy for even those who bullied her and mocked her.

She was the girl who took a dead pregnant bird in her hands, put it in her backpack and took it home to bury it. She couldn't see it just lying there like this, it hurt her. 

She was the girl who always sacrificed her own happiness for those she loved. Her love knew no limits. She gave her all expecting nothing in return. 
She was known for her kindess and her forgiving nature. 

Until she got tired of being used and abused. She killed her old self. She became someone else, completely unrecognizable. She cussed at people. She was mean to people. She became a bitch. Those who once knew her were appalled by her behaviour. They called her selfish. They considered her to be a vile, ruthless person. But have they ever thought what it must have took her to go from being so kind and forgiving to being such a pissed off person so full of hatred? 

Her kindness destroyed her. Her love shattrered her soul. The toughness she shows is merely on the surface. Deep down she is vulnerable and broken. She truly does not enjoy behaving like the assholes she became a victim of. Everytime she looks in the mirror she wonders who has she become. She no longer recognizes herself. She has been alienated from her own being. But deep down in her heart she is still the same person she once was. She may cuss like a sailor and tell you that you should die but if she is being honest, she cannot wish harm upon anyone not even those who wounded her for life. 

There are days when she looks in the mirror and cries thinking who has she become. She feels ashamed of how she has been acting. She feels like she doesn't even know who she really is. She wants to be her old self again, the one who always gave and gave, without any expectations. But she cannot allow herself to get hurt again. Her heart has put up walls around it to protect her. She dearly loves her significant other, her old friends, her family and cares deeply for every other being in some way. But she has a hard time opening up to people. She is constantly plagued by fears of abandonment, because she has been abandoned before and will be in the future by her family who do not approve of the choices she makes in her life.

There is a broken little girl living inside her grown up body and she has absolutely no idea what to do to fix her. She wants to tell that little girl that she is safe and loved. But she knows that her wounds are so deep and her grief so great that nothing she says will ever be enough. Trusting that there is someone who loves you and will never leave your side is hard when pain and betrayal is all you've known your whole life. How do you ever trust your own instincts when there are people constantly telling you that you are wrong, that you are a bad person who will get punished by God. 

She feels like there are two different people living in her body; one the present her and the other her childhood broken self. This feeling won't go away until that little girl inside her is healed and she is so terrified to think that some wounds are simply too deep to fully heal, they might heal but the scars might not ever go away completely. Everytime someone hurts her she feels like the scabs have been ripped off her old wounds and they bleed again. 

Yes she is now mean because she doesn't see any other way to protect herself. Life has the power to destroy everything even a person's heart and his kindness. You don't just loose your innocence, people snatch it away from you. And you never really get it back ever.