A sad story about someone passing away that I never truly knew. by t2_26dz6rly

Just recently, I was thinking about people who I went to high school with, this guy came to memory, and I thought I should share it. 

In my junior year of high school a new guy moved to our school. He was this chiseled guy, who really reminded of a lion. He had this demeanor of presence, he was decently built, and he was a quieter guy. He was nice all around, and I didn't mind him. We talked every once and a while, and he was actually really polite. There was this girl (we'll name her Katie) who eventually got together with him. I had known Katie since middle school, we lived in the same neighborhood, and we used to hang out in a friend group, but we became distant once high school came around. Anyways, they were the talk of the school, a great couple who all things considered were one of the couples I remember most from high school, they were really into each other. I remember them getting into arguments and such in class and it always making me laugh, cause Katie was quite the character, while he was this stoic guy who was super serious. 

Well junior year ends, summer break happens, and senior year comes around. I see neither of them for the first whole month at school, and Katie is nowhere to be seen in my neighborhood. One day in class, at my table, a girl named Patty is talking about something, I ask her whats up and this is what she tells me. 

The guy had been killed in a drive by shooting over summer break. Apparently he was walking home alone at night or something, and they found him lying in a pool of blood on the sidewalk. I was completely shocked, and it all made sense why Katie hadn't been at school. She didn't come back for another month, and when she came back she was completely different, and she would never be the same. It had traumatized her. She was deathly quiet, all of her smiles were gone, and her face was always distraught. I remember her crying in class, and how awful it was to watch her silently weep with her head in her hands. After high school ended, I never saw her ever again. It was hard, and still gives me shivers to this day. She really cared about him, and seeing someone like that, I would never wish it on my worst enemy.