I started a smut writing competition in fifth grade and got our class in trouble. by t2_6bjr4cpy


This was the time when Wattpad was gaining popularity, I started writing stories in my notebook and my best friend said I have a talent for writing and that I should be an author lol. At first, I was just writing about short romantic stories, but then I came across this smut fiction story on wattpad and got inspired to write one and so I wrote a smut story in one of my spare notebook. It was about a Maid and her Boss making out in the living room while his wife went to work. My best friend read it and she was mindblown, she started talking about it to our other classmates and soon after everyone has read it. 

Everyone was praising my writing skills and kids from other class also knew about the story I wrote. I was super happy, I felt like I'm in the same level as Shakespeare and I was genuinely thinking about doing this for a living (I was in fifth grade smh) .

One of my friend,  Earl and my seatmate,  Rench were also aspiring young authors lol. They started writing smut stories and my classmates thought it was great too. So as the founding author of my class, I had a bright idea about starting a writing competition. 

One day, there was no teacher and we were just chilling in the classroom reading each others stories and judging them. I got up and told the whole class about my idea of a writing competion. Most of my classmates were in on it.  There were 3 contestants in total.  Me, Rench and Earl. The judges were our classmates and we have about a week to finish our stories. I asked them what topic they want us to write and surprise surprise everyone suggested SMUT.

So for the following week, I spent my time writing this 10 page smut fic story. I forgot what's it about but I remembered that I made it comic style. There were stick figures next to the paragraphs to help the young judges with their imagination lmao. Monday came around and my stupid ass forgot to bring the damn notebook.  My dumbass hid it in my closet because I was afraid my Mom might read it (She reads my school notes). Good thing is Rench still hasn't  finished her story so I wasn't alone showing up to school with no story for the judges to read. So Earl,  being the only one who has finished his story, he handed it to the young inexperienced judges. There were no Teacher that time so the stupid judges piled up in the corner of the room and read the story as loud as they can. There were about 20 students surrounding one of my classmate who was reading it. These stupid mofos be so loud though, like everytime the reader reads a sentence they cheered, screech, shout and laughed hysterically. (Wtf is wrong with these kids? )

They were about to finish the story when our Teacher walked in. They were all facing the other way so they didn't notice him til he shouted "WHY ARE YOU ALL SO LOUD?! ". They scrambled around the room to go to their seats, no one said a thing so the teacher asked "Why are you all piled up in the corner?  What are you kids talking about?! " Then this one motherfucking snitch said "They were reading sex stories" I felt like I received a gut punch from Jojo, I was so nervous I felt like I'm gonna pass out. Why the fuck would he do that?!  I mean we're not friends but really?!  You gonna bring the class down like that?!  

From that it escalated quickly,  the teacher talked to Earl (outside) and he told him everythingggggg. 

When they came back the teacher told me to write down everyone involved in the whole writing competition thingy. My classmates of course talked to me and tried to convince me to not write their names down. I was like "wtf y'all bitches agreed to be the judges and y'all read the damn thing and enjoyed every bit of it! We're all going down! I'm not gonna leave anyone behind!" After class all the kids in the list I made were left out and had a 2 hour lecture about morals and stuff. Luckily we weren't brought to the Principals office and the teacher didn't contact our parents. It's probably because our class is the "Star Section" (Everyone in our class is more academically advanced than the other class something like that). The teacher just told us not to do it again. I went home that day praying my ass out to Jesus and asking for his forgiveness. I told myself that I'll throw the notebook away when i get home. But shittt I got home to my Mom sitting in front of my closet while reading the mothafucking notebook. Needless to say I still got them battlescars from that day :') 

TLDR: I started a smut writing competition in fifth grade and got our class in mild trouble,  I repented on my way home but when I got to my room my mom was reading the smut story I wrote and she beat the shit out of me. 

(Sorry for the grammatical mistakes, english is not my first language hehe)