I wish I could have apologized by t2_7g4el1l8

Growing up sheltered, I knew my parents tried their best. But if the first thing you were taught was "you're a girl so be careful, don't do this, be wary, be cautious", I don't think you would turn out completely balanced either. I wish I didn't have this much trust issue, but I did. And what to do beside wishing things had been different?

I think about this relative of mine often. He was a distant uncle who lived in the countryside with his family. Such a small man, never seemed to stop smiling. The warmest, friendliest, most generous soul you can ever hope to meet. He adored my dad so in extension our entire family and whenever we came to visit, he would personally catch the biggest fish from his pond, treated us such a feast with leftovers for days, spent all his time showing us around and in the end spoiled us with his homegrown vegetables as parting gifts. My brother and I weren't, and still aren't, that attached to our extended families and relatives, but we loved and respected that uncle, could not ever be grumpy whenever we visited him. 

I was a teenager when we decided I was to study abroad. Long, arduous journey to get to that foreign land. Longer, lonelier journey being in said foreign land. My budding depression was in full bloom when I was barely seventeen. On the second year abroad, I returned home for summer break and my dad decided we would go visit that distant uncle. As usual, we were greeted with love, smiles and a bountiful lunch which my uncle prepared himself. After the meal, my parents were happily napping and I was dozing off myself when my uncle shook me lightly and still with that ever constant smile, said to come with him but did not say where. My mind rushed to the worst possible scenario, but I didn't want to alarm my exhausted parents. So I went with him on his scooter, because how dare you think to refuse your elders in this country. I sat as far back as I could, looking at the rice paddy fields whooshing past me while breaking in cold sweat. He stopped at a small cafe at the edge of the village, the place looked so run down and empty at midday did not help make me feel any better. We sat down, he bought me a drink and started to make small talk. I was stiff, trying to mask my fear but only came out as short, curt answers. My mind kept reeling about all the what-ifs, what-to-do-then, but most of all, "please don't hurt me". Then I could tell his smile dimmed, after an hour or so, he took me back to his place unscathed. 

I felt so shitty right at the moment I saw my uncle visibly saddened by my awful, awful attitude. I felt so shitty on our way back to the city. And I felt like an absolute monster when I was half a world away from home just three months later, my dad emailed me that my uncle had passed away. The last I ever saw of him was when I broke his heart, and I have to live with that fact for the rest of my life.

I wish I could change what I did but I couldn't. I tried to be a better person but it turned out I couldn't. A good man told me he wanted me to be the final love of his life. I gave him hope when I shouldn't, I thought I could love him back if I tried. But I broke his heart as well.

I have never said "I'm sorry" properly to either of them. For one, I can only apologize to a tombstone now, while for the other, I'm not willing to meddle with my ex's feelings more than I have already done. I wish things had been different. I wish I had been different. 

If you read this far, thank you. My first time posting in a subreddit, because I'm the type to reveal my wound in a place where no one knows me, like that hatter in the fairy tale who screamed into a hole in the ground that the king had donkey ears, just to find some relief. I can breathe a little now.