AITA for arguing w/ my mom after she called me a disgrace when she knew that I was having sex by t2_domyl9gf


I (F 21 PH) is currently in a relationship with a guy (M 22), for a more than a year now. My bf has a good relationship with my family. I am a full time student in the morning and works full time as a CSA at night. I am a 
 straight A student, candidate for latin honors now that I am graduating this year. I have a high paying job that pays enough for my needs, wants, and somehow provide for my parents. I am currently living with my BF since his place is nearby my work and it causes me to save more from renting but w/o the knowledge of my parents. We purposely hid it from them bcoz my mom (48)  is frantically religious and wouldnt shut up about temptations, sin, and all about the bible and how should I save myself for my husband in the future.

I went home to my parents and my parents previously got a hint that Im living with my BF. My mother then nags me and gave backhanded/ sarcastic comments on how much I've sinned. That I should repent my sin and ask for forgiveness for having sex. I ignored most of it and laugh it off. 

I went to grocery and msg my mom on what should I get her. I didn't tell her that I was with my bf since i know that she will go nuts again about that "premarital sex" she has in mind. I was omw home late due to traffic when she txted, insulting me and my bf and that im probably with my perv and disrespectful bf atm. When I went home, i stormed in to my mom's room.

We both outbursts. She told me that I am such a disgrace for having sex without even getting married. That i dont have self respect, that my body is a temple and  I shouldve gift it to my husband after marriage. And the list of bible verses from her goes on. I am not a Christian like her, and I despise Christianity bcoz of people like her that plays so pure and clean but full of hypocrisy. I told her that it is my body and she has nothing to do with it and that I am not a child anymore. 

She said that Im torturing her everytime i go out with my BF, since she kept on overthinking about the sinful acts I do with my Bf. She told me that it is such a same to used up my body just for sex before marriage and it torments her mind how disgusting her daughter is. 

I got mad even more, told her that her close mindedness prevents her from thinking straight that it is actually the norm for the normal people. That it is just her and her frantic cult are so obsessed with their so called "self preservation/ purity/ gift yourself to your husband thing", that she cannot shoved her belief on my face like I had to live the way she wants me, based on her idea of purity, morality, and spirituality. I even told her I would be more than happy  to inform her that I can have sex with anyone and whenever I want for the rest of my life, and that IDGAF about her being emotionally invested with her religion and Id be happier to  torment her with her ideas of my sinful acts. 

So, AITA?