The time I stabbed someone with a mechanical pencil by t2_dev8wfa

Before I start I want this to be known to all of you who read, I am not proud of this moment, I lost my cool and this kid really did not deserve this, I am telling it now because I thought it was a very entertaining story nonetheless, anyways let me get started. 

So this story happened when I was in like 5th or 6th grade, so I was probably around 11 or 12 years old, now I would ride the bus to get to my school, I rode on the bus everyday. There was this kid, I will just name him Jeremy, now Jeremy rode in the same bus as me and he was in the grade below me, he was the very annoying and obnoxious kid who would just try and annoy people to get attention. He would make loud noises, randomly scream, bang on the windows, and just do all these annoying things just to get attention, and it worked, so he kept doing it.

So one day, Jeremy is acting like himself, being annoying and obnoxious as he always is, but then like halfway through the bus ride he starts fucking with me, he starts throwing random shit at me, he would throw food wrappers, pencils and pens, random papers, basically anything that was in his backpack he would throw at me. This shit made me mad, I would tell him to stop but he never would.

Now for about a week this shit has been going on, he is still throwing random shit at me, I am fed up with his bullshit at this point, I yell at him, “Fucking stop throwing shit at me or I will fucking hurt you!” Of course my threat didn’t stop him, he continued to throw shit at me, one thing in particular that he threw at me was a mechanical pencil, I snapped it in half because I was mad, I wasn’t planning on actually hurting him though, I just wanted to express my anger to him, he laughed and shrugged it off. 

A couple of minutes go by and Jermey is back to just throwing random shit at me again, every few minutes something would fly at me, but then, he makes the biggest mistake he can, he decides, why don’t I go even bigger, he takes the gum out of his mouth, he cocks back his arm, and throws the gum straight at me, I am as pissed off as I could be at this moment, I am so god damn mad at him, the bus ride ends, we stand in line to get off the bus, Jeremy is right in front of me, still pissed off at him I was thinking about just punching him in the back of his head, but I get “a better idea” and grab the broken mechanical pencil, I raise up my arm, and just jab it at his back three times.

Now I did not do it very hard, I held myself back, I don’t think I drew any blood, I might’ve made him bleed a little bit, but it still hurt him like a motherfucker because not even a second later he was bawling his eyes out. The bus driver asks what happened, Jeremy tells him, we are then sent to the principal's office. I tell the principal what had been happening the past week and why it led to my actions. The principal was understanding that there was every right to be mad, but violence is never the answer and that I should have just reported it and not take matters into my own hands, I didn’t get in too much trouble, the principal sent me and Jeremy home for the day and told my parents what had happened, my parents are cool though and actually praised me for standing up for myself so yeah it turned out alright.

In conclusion Jermey had never fucked with me again, we actually never spoke a word to each other ever since this had happened, again not very proud of this moment, I should have just fucking hit him in the back of the head or something, and not resort to shanking him like we’re in a fucking prison lol, but yeah, I hope you enjoyed my story and I hope you have a wonderful day.

I made a new story, you can read it [here](https://www.reddit.com/r/stories/comments/i8hyfx/the_time_i_almost_got_caught_smoking_weed_by_my/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) if you want to.