The girl I met in the train, Part 14 by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋, this the 14th part of the story. So if you haven't read the first parts, please do, so that the story would make sense. You can easily find the previous parts on my profile, just click on my profile 'j0hnwikk ' above the title. I hope you will read them🤗.

It was almost February. I asked her, if she could come a bit early to tuition the next day as I wanted to say few things to her. She said she won't come early but she will come for tuition. I decided to say to her how much she meant to me and tell her that I love her. I woke up the next morning with a bad feeling, I knew I was going to get my feelings hurt again, it was clear she would say NO.

I felt sometimes she doesn't even respect me although she doesn't show it much. In my mind the only thing I hoped for is that she doesn't insult or humiliate me because that would do a lot of damage. That morning I had only one shirt to wear and that was the worst one of all, not a very good omen. I prepared my mind for the worst possible scenario. We never talked much, as I said before, everything she has ever said to me is imprinted in my head and I really hoped that she wouldn't take it too far with words as it would leave a permanent scar which I doubt would ever heal.

If you love someone,you have to say it to them. If you can't say it then why are you loving them. I wanted to  say to her ' I love you', I wanted to say those magical words. I loved her, I knew I would regret it later if I never said it. I thought a lot about what her responses could be. It made me wonder why people insult and humiliate someone who confess their feelings for the first time. You could respectfully decline, why show off and scar them for life. It's just pathetic and I pity those who don't respect the people that love them.

I guess it's because they don't know what love is, you should be thankful and blessed finding out that someone loves and values you, no matter what you think about yourself, there aren't a lot of people who genuinely value you. Nowadays I see people consider it as an achievement, giving hope to somebody by talking to them because you are bored and even after realising that other person has developed feelings for you, you still continue to give them hope. And one day when that person confess their feelings you humiliate them, make it a joke that you could tell your friends and have a laugh. Love is a joke these days, nobody values it.

I was preparing for the worst but in my heart I believed she wouldn't slander me, she is not that type. I reached the tuition class a bit late, I climbed up the stairs and I realised she was already there. There was something different about her that day, she didn't have the the usual ponytail, her hair was free, it wasn't tied in any ways. I sat beside her, I looked at her, she was smiling, it was like my eyes were blessed, I have never seen her this pretty. She wore a black dress that I haven't seen her wear. She looked beautiful in black.

I was happy, she looked amazing. That day too, after class, she didn't wait for me, she started walking long before I got down the stairs. She knew I had something to say to her, she probably knew what I was going to tell. I did get hurt,again. I didn't catch up with her to say it. She was avoiding me and what I had to say. When someone is avoiding me, I give them the space they need because I respect them and their feelings.

She said  'NO ' to me without saying ' NO ' to  me. I never texted her after nor did I try to talk to her. I didn't want to be a nuisance, last thing I want in my life was for her to have a memory of me being a complete nuisance. Tuition classes ended after a few weeks, final exams came and they got over. Summer vacations started, I was about to be in college, my thoughts about her never stopped, I always wanted to check on her and ask how she is doing but I didn't want to disturb her anymore. I thought I would never meet her again nor talk to her but I was wrong.

Will be continued.

This is a true story so please don't expect something filmy😅. Thank you for reading.Your feedbacks are valuable,DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Give an upvote if you liked it. I will see you friends soon🖤.