Best Teacher I Ever Had by t2_4bsq75ix

I apologize in advance if this seems like a long post. I was just thinking back to my Elementary School days and decided that I really just needed to share this somewhere...this teacher was a true hero and best friend to me and I will never forget her.

Mrs. W=3rd Grade Teacher, Mrs. J=4th Grade Teacher and true hero of this story, GC-Guidance Counselor

I do need to go back to my 3rd grade year to put this into proper perspective. My teacher back then was Mrs. W, an elderly woman who absolutely HATED me for reasons that are still unclear to me to this day. I will not waste a bunch of time here telling you about all the awful things she did to me, save for this one incident that is essential to this story.

The incident was this: we had a school-wide assembly one day and all classes were to meet in the auditorium for it. Being the student that I was, I was paying full attention to what was being talked about and not to what my class was doing. What was about to happen was unthinkable to a niave 3rd grader like myself, why shouldn't I pay attention to the stage? Unbeknownst to me, this was when Mrs. W decided to take her class out of the assembly...something of which I had no idea of. Assembly ends...and suddenly, I find myself all alone in the area where my class had been seated...scared, lost...and hopelessly confused. Where had my class gone? My teacher wasn't there, none of my classmates were there...needless to say, 3rd grade me was scared, sad and definitely ALONE. I needed help...and I needed it BAD.

Her enters Mrs. J...she taught the 4th grade class next door to mine. She had just gotten her class all lined up to return to the classroom when she saw me and immediately put together what had happened. She came up to me and quickly went to calming me down and told me that it would be okay if I wanted to join with her class and hang out in her classroom until my class returned. I happily thanked her as this meant I was no longer abandoned and joined in line with her class and off we went to Mrs. J's classroom.

I then spent the next 30 mins (best guess) or so sitting in her classroom reading all of the most interesting books I could find (my reading had always been rather advanced, 4th grade books were no issue at all for me to read), happily occupying my time until I finally saw the classroom lights for my class come back on, then thanked Mrs. J for her kind generosity and returned to my classroom. Mrs. W didn't even think to ask me where I was, nor had she even bothered to realize she was short a student! I later found out that she had taken the class out of the assembly and went to the playground...it didn't even seem like she cared that I hadn't joined them.

I spent the rest of that year and all summer desperately hoping that I would have Mrs. J for my 4th grade year. It was apparent to me that she loved her kids and she had been so kind to me when I needed it most...if I could have her for my teacher next year I would be SOOO glad. As it turns out, sure enough...Mom and I get my class assignment for next year and guess who's my teacher? Mrs. J!

Long story short, my 4th grade year was WONDERFUL! I won't go into full detail everything our class did as honestly, it was just a jam-packed year of awesome. Just suffice it to say that Mrs. J well made up for the suckiness that had been my 3rd grade year.

If the story stopped here, Mrs. J is already an awesome teacher. She was a hero to me and a really great friend and teacher to me the following year. Surely this alone makes her worthy of being my favorite teacher, right? Of course it does! However...it doesn't stop here, no dear reader, oh no...there is even MORE to come!

Fast forward two years...I am now in 6th grade. The Middle School was housed at the same campus as the Elementary School back then. This was to be my final year there, as Mom had accepted a better paying job well out of town and we were moving the next year. Lots of sad and tearful goodbyes to all of the friends I had made thus far. We had this one class called "WHEEL", basically, all of the extracurricular classes thrown together rotation-style. One part of that was "peer tutoring", when that segment came around, students would be picked by other teachers throughout the school to help in their classrooms. Our Guidance Counselor led this segment, which basically amounted to giving us our assignments on the first day of it.

Our GC told us when we met in her office that if we had an assignment, we would likely already knew it as it was customary for the teachers to let us know in advance if they picked us. I started feeling a bit saddened as I had no idea of this...obviously, I must not have been picked. Such a shame, surely there had to be ONE teacher that liked me after all these years? Just as I begin to lower my head in shame, my name is called by GC...and, it turns out, I DO have an assignment after all! Wanna guess who picked me? Of course...Mrs. J...😅😁

I spent that time helping Mrs. J with grading papers and spending time with her current 4th graders, playing games with them when we had the chance and even joined them when they visited one of the 1st grade classes for a movie day...however...this isn't the end, oh no...because eventually, the last day came for my "peer tutoring" segment of WHEEL.

On that day, I went to Mrs. J's classroom as normal, only to find that the lights were off. "Where's my class?" I'm wondering once again...(sound familiar? 😂) I walk in to look around...and suddenly...THE LIGHTS COME ON and all I hear is a loud "SURPRISE!!!!" from the ENTIRE class, including Mrs. J herself! Turns out, she had planned a surprise "going away" party for me, as this would truly be the last day we would see each other. It was such a fun time, with lots of cake, games, reading a story to the class and just having all sorts of fun...

Mrs. J went above and beyond for me...she was a hero when I was abandoned by my class in 3rd grade, she made sure I was in her class in 4th grade and made that year a blast...and then went further to make that last part of my 6th grade year something I would never forget. She was a hero...a teacher...but most importantly...she was a FRIEND. One I will never forget.

Mrs. J, if you read Reddit these days, you know who you are...thank you...☺