My first kiss and first time doing anything was a hallucination by t2_7af1m75t

(19m irl)So first I am much better and don’t have any that are fully immersive anymore.

      The first one was when I was 13 and had a friend (13F) and (12F) over to stay the night. I was a lot younger and my parents trusted me for some reason. At the time puberty had been hitting me in the head a lot lately and I think that might have had something too do with it. But anyway I went on a walk to this bridge with 13F and we ended up talking and later kissed. When we got back to the house a bit later I asked her how I was and she asked me what I was talking about. So I said the kiss under the bridge she denied it said she had no idea what I was talking about. Later I was talking to the 12F and she asked me why I was mumbling to my self and walked off while we were at the bridge, confused I said we didn’t go to the bridge that was me and 13F she said no that was us and even described our conversations. At this point I was quite offended because I thought that 13F was just trying to get out of saying she kissed me. 


    We had planned to sleep on the trampoline for the night and got all set up and ready for bed. After everyone fell asleep 13F got into my sleeping bag and we started making out. Later we walked away and we’re staring at the stars made out a bit more and eventually went to sleep. I wake up the next morning and pull 13F aside in to privacy and ask her about the last night. Again she denies everything and asks why I was walking around talking to no one. Hurt and embarrassed I dropped. 


      3 or 4 days later she and her friend spend the night again. We were gonna sleep on the trampoline again, I wrote down what had happened before, and how I was feeling tonight. We go to bed you know the story and 13F start making out and things get a little more heated, so we start walking away from the trampoline to get a little more privacy, on our way I stop by our bird bath in the yard and dig a little hole in the ground so that I would know in the morning if it was real. Everything goes great and at one point I even ask her are your real? We talk and she say that she is definitely real but this is the first time we had done anything. fast forward to the morning. I go and check and sure enough the hole is there. i pull her aside and ask once again. She denies and pulls out her phone and shows mw a video of me walking around talking to myself for a whole ass 20 minutes. Horrified i lock myself in my room in fear of insanity and don't talk to her for a couple weeks.


   Thank you if you got this far I’m not going to tell all the other stories but have had 4 or 5 more that were that intense. But I am much better now and have no idea what does this.