I didn’t know it was abuse. by t2_wh2v2

I was in 10th grade. It was Ashley’s 16th birthday. The party was at a hall, decorated with streamers, balloons and a happy birthday banner. Late 90s hits played while we ate pizza. Most of the table hit the dance floor.

One of my close friends,  Mike, brought me an orange soda. I was dressed in a white Metallica shirt, wide leg jeans with a wallet chain, black eyeliner, dark lipstick. 

 Mike was acting different. He kept trying to talk to me, alone. We had always been a group of 10 close friends. There were 7 girls and 3 guys in our group. 

 Mike asked me out that night. It was near the end of the party. I was so excited and flattered. 

Over the next few weeks, things were Wonderful with Mike. He loved to buy me gifts. 

Then I realized he had a temper in biology. He had said something and I laughed and made a joke. His eyes went ice cold. He leaned in and said I gotta tell you something.

Then he spit in my face. I was humiliated, disgusted and horrified. Yet I was so stupid. I stayed with him for 4 years. 

The next week, he gave me a dozen roses, a beautiful handwritten card. 

“Im so sorry, Starla. I never meant to hurt you.”, he said over the phone on a Monday night. “Please forgive me. I love you.”

It was the first time he had said it. 
I don’t know why. But then I was on a crazy roller coaster of emotions. 

I began to recognize his icy expression when someone said something he didn’t like. His anger made my anxiety go through the roof. 

Over time, I learned to avoid triggering his anger, which often lead to violent outbursts. But not all the time.

We were 17 and drinking at a party. I was more drunk and feeling free and I told him I had lied to him.

For context, I wasn’t allowed to hang out with guys without his knowledge and approval. A week prior to the party, I had been at my cousin’s house, without adults and guys were there. I lied to Mike so he wouldn’t get mad at me. The guys in question were my cousin’s boyfriend and his brother. We played cards all night.

In my drunken state at the party in the middle of nowhere at my Aunt’s house, I told Mike, “There was guys there last week”

His eyes went from warm and loving to cold. 
I was drunk so I didn’t notice. I said, “Nothing happened, we played cards.”

As I said “cards”, he shoved me into a bedroom and onto the bed. I let out a surprised groan. My heart started pounding as he screamed at me. 

The music was loud and most of my friends were drunk. My cousin noticed what happened and talked to my mom. I was angry. But he just wanted to help me.

These are only two accounts of the abuse I suffered from dating Mike. He was so controlling and I didn’t know it wasn’t okay. 

He would do something terrible one week then the next week he’d buy me flowers and teddy bears, tickets to sports games, movies, and concerts. I was impressed with his generosity.

I’m lucky I made it out of that relationship. I’m working on healthy relationships in all aspects of my life. 

I didn’t know Mike was abusive. I blamed myself for most of his outbursts. It was a vicious cycle and toxic.

I haven’t seen Mike in years and I’m fine with that.

Love isn’t supposed to hurt. I know that now.