What it's like to live in a family of mafia by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

Well, I would like to start my story by saying that this is based on true events but some parts are changed and/or might not be named for privacy purposes and legal purposes.   
Before talking about my life, I would like to give a brief history of my family. My family is the biggest group of mafia in my country(which will not be named). My family is divided into 4 "pillars". They each have their own thing they control. My great grandfather was an ender of one of the "pillars" I recently knew about this. They came to my country before it was independent. They took a considerable amount of land under their rule. They took control of many villages and land all around the country. But they tormented the people living there. And they took money from them for "protection". After the independence of my country, the members of my family became part of the high society( politics, entertainment industry, having big companies, and such). And as things were going,  the government tried to destroy some part of my family but they couldn't do much as many members of my family were leaders in different sectors of the government and military. My grandfather was the elder for a long time and was getting pretty old that's why he was thinking of letting one of my uncles and my dad be the next elder. My eldest uncle didn't have any intention of becoming an elder. He fled the country to avoid my family. My 2nd uncle also had no intention of becoming an elder but he stayed in the country. My grandfather was disappointed in him(my 2nd uncle) and kicked him out of the family and said that he will not inherit anything from the family. And lastly, my father told my grandfather that he will only be an elder after he(my grandfather) dies. My father took care of everything in the family as an acting elder. My grandpa was happy with my father and gave everything he owned to my father in his will. Some years later my elder brother was born. But he was killed shortly after his birth by my father's enemies. And somebody tried to kill my mother as well. But they failed as my dad's bodyguard saw and stopped them. My mother was in a coma for several months. My father was furious after hearing this news. He told his men to find out who did this. After a long time and a lot of hard work, my father got the news of who did it. The news was devasting to him. Because the people he called family were the ones who did it. Members of the other "pillars" were the ones who did it. My family got soo big that the "pillars" became other families. Everyone from my family was super powerful and were millions/billions. My father had 8 siblings; 2 brothers and 6 sisters. My father loved his sisters and trusted them with all his heart. Two years after my elder brother's death, I was born. My father was so happy that day. He decided to make me the next heir to one of the "pillars" when I become 20. 

Well, guys I will be ending my post here for today. And this is just the beginning. I will be looking forward to your comments. And I will be posting another part of the story tomorrow.