The value of life by t2_sbrum

A man was sitting alone at home, staring despondently out of his living room window on a dark and wet winter morning. His father had recently died, you see, but had left him a rather large and unexpected inheritance. Nobody knew about his newfound wealth. It made him wonder about the value of life and those he felt closest to. He decided to call his three dearest friends and test how much he meant to them.

He called David first. David was a hotshot banker in the city. The man told David that he wanted to go out for a nice meal with a friend to cheer himself up, but that he was strapped for money, and asked if David could pay for it. 

“I’m sorry mate, I can’t”, said David. “I’m too busy”, and he put the phone down. He didn’t even pass his condolences to the man about his recently deceased father. 

Next, he decided to call his friend Kevin. Kevin was a hotshot lawyer in the city. He and his wife had recently had a second child, and the man was surprised when Kevin had answered the phone this time, as he was usually too busy. 

“I’m sorry mate, I can’t”, said Kevin. “I’m too busy”, and he put the phone down. He didn’t even pass his condolences to the man about his recently deceased father. 

Finally, he called his friend Brian. Brian was a single father whose wife had passed away a few years previously. He was down on his luck with work at the moment and nearly penniless.

“I haven’t got much money, and I’m really busy taking care of Brian Jr,” said Brian despairingly. “But I’d love to take you out for a nice meal and a few beers to cheer you up. My condolences about your father, by the way, I hope you’re coping well.”

They went out for a nice meal, and Brian paid for everything. They joked and laughed and toasted the life of the man’s father, who was a moral and generous man. On the walk to the bus stop the man said, “Brian, I now know you to be a true friend. Close your eyes, I want to give you something.”

Brian smiled, closed his eyes and put his hands out eagerly. The man went into his pocket, pulled out a pistol and blew Brian’s brains out right there in the middle of the empty street. It all felt a bit too easy for the man. At least his father had put up a fight when he’d put a pillow over his face while he slept. 

Moral of the story: don’t feel obliged to leave your house or see anyone. Just say you’re too busy. There are some absolute weirdos out there. 

… Also, in case you’re worrying about Brian Jr. growing up without a mother or father. The man went to Brian’s house and put a pillow over the child’s face as he slept. This felt much better.