This is what chaotic evil looks like to someone who is true neutral. I’m not proud, but I kinda am. by t2_17ih0n

I was telling some friends in our D&amp;D group chat about this woman I used to work with, and how she was the definition of chaotic evil, and felt the need to share it with reddit somewhere. So, here you go:

I once worked with perhaps one of the most unintelligent, lazy, mean spirited, and ugly (inside and out) people I have ever had the displeasure to know. I can only hope that she has found sweet release and is now in hell (which she strongly believes in), harassing Hitler. 

Imagine if you will, a short, severely overweight, Mexican woman, with a terrifying blind lazy eye (like the witches you see in movies), who voted for trump, despite having many many family members who were not of legal immigration status, and contributing nothing to society or even her own self care. I’ve included below a couple of quotes to illustrate the level of ineptitude and complete lack of understanding of how *anything* works in the real world.


On healthcare:
“My doctor said I have too much salt in my diet, so I’ve started eating more sugar to balance it out.”

I can only hope that the culmination of diabetes, obesity, and heart disease will sort this one out.

On politics:
“I voted for Trump because he cares about people like me.” 

You’re Mexican. You have family members here who are not legally supposed to be here. He specifically ran on a platform against illegal immigration. He wanted to build a wall to keep them out. He does not care about you. In fact, he’s stated exactly how he feels about Mexican people, and the review wasn’t even a mixed bag. He does not care about you, or people like you.


So, when the day finally came that people were being deported, this woman, who had voted for and vehemently spoke in favor of trump up until this point is crying. Nobody in the office asked her why. We all knew why. Her family was being sent back to Mexico by way of deportation. This woman was sitting at her desk weeping, like she wasn’t partly responsible for her own situation. She even tried speaking to a coworker about how it wasn’t fair, to which they didn’t even blink. They just kind shrugged like “what can ya do?” 

This woman has been nothing but chaotic evil, making everyone’s jobs more difficult, and has had the audacity to report them to HR for any number of things that have NOTHING to do with her over the last 8 years she has worked there. She has systematically alienated every single person she came into contact with at this establishment. Her own nephew refuses to acknowledge her in public, because he’s so ashamed to call her family.

And now, after all that, she wants sympathy from people? Not today, my nearsighted Neanderthal.

Ya played yahself.

So, with tears streaming down her face (still surprised they weren’t red and viscous, or that she can cry, for that matter), and her blind lazy eye pointed off into oblivion, it’s with great effort that I not sing the Boy George classic “Karma Chameleon” in her face. 

I know. It’s fucked up. Sick even, that I would even think such a thing. But, thems the breaks.

Just wanted to share a little story about the only person I have ever met, who is actually chaotic evil, and apparently chaotic stupid as well.