The girl I met in the train, Part 6 by t2_dlio62kn

Hi friends 👋, this the 6th part of the story. So if you haven't read the first parts, please do, so that the story would make sense. You can easily find the previous parts on my profile, just click on my profile ' j0hnwikk ' above the title. I hope you will read them🤗.


I asked my partner on stage to quit joking and give the chart in a funny way, but he moved further away from me. It was like I was asking his oxygen supply on Mars. I wondered what was he even thinking, he was on stage with the chart even before he was asked to, so naturally anyone with a sane mind would think he was there to explain the chart. The preist placed a mic in my hand. Everyone was laughing and having the time of their life.

It was pure situational comedy. Adding to that I didn't even know what was inside the chart and now I have to explain it. All eyes were on me, ' lose yourself' by Eminem was playing in my mind. I looked at the chart as he opened it, the chart was about the holy spirit. Frankly I didn't know much about the holy spirit, now you maybe thinking it doesn't matter because you have a chart that is explaining what it is.If you ask an 11year old to explain what is the periodic table by giving him a periodic table, I don't think the kid would do much good. I knew it was holy and it was a really important person.

There was a time limit so I had to start talking something. I greeted the audience in our mother tongue, the audience really liked that and your friends will cheer for you no matter what you do. While others didn't speak in the native language, I did, amazing way to please the crowd. I said my name. I gained confidence and I said I am from the 'Mother Theresa' group. There was a sudden pause, complete silence. I thought somebody collapsed on the stage. I looked around and there were no casualties. I realised I was the reason for the silence. My partner looked at me like my dad looking at me when I give him the progress card, disappointed.

I looked to the priest, who was holding a mic. He said to me there are no such groups in this hall. The crowd again burst into laughter. I realised I messed up the name. Even I wanted to laugh, but I was on stage, so I controlled it to a soft smile on my face. I looked at the chart again, but this time a bit more closely. I was in awe, there was a flow chart and a few diagrams. I mean who draws a flow chart and diagrams on a chart about the Holy Spirit. If I don't have full knowledge about something I shouldn't speak about it, I had already learnt that lesson.

I decided to talk about prayers and holy mass. I asked my best buddy to stand up from his seat. I am pretty sure he cursed me. At first he didn't, then I pointed at him , called out his name and I asked him to stand up. He stood up , he had no other choice. I said to everyone that he is my inspiration. I told everyone that academically he is not that good but nobody prays better than him at church. I kept talking about the fact that the holy spirit would be proud of him. The crowd cheered and laughed at everything I said, the only one who was not cheering was my friend I talked about so much.

I completed my presentation somehow and as I was about to leave the stage, the priest stopped me and asked me to never come on stage again. It was quite understandable, I did not disrespect anyone or anything but I have to say my presentation made no sense. I was greeted with cheers and applause as I walked to my seat. I was not considered as a laughing stock, I was seen as an entertainer. My friend wasn't particularly happy, I could see it from his face, I wanted to pat on his shoulder and say ' cheer up, you are famous', but I was not a big fan of getting hit on the face, so I didn't.


I looked at her, she was smiling. I wanted her to notice me, mission passed. It's crazy what we do when we are in love. If I wasn't in love I would never have gotten on that stage, I would have just sit in my chair and did nothing. I didn't try to talk to her, even in the last day. I realised she was in my town and understood her full name. Sweets were distributed at the end of the day and she is the one who distributed it in our group. She looked lot more prettier up close, I decided she is the one for me, now that I found her again. Life is a lot more beautiful when you are in love.


Will be continued.


This is a true story so please don't expect something filmy😅. Thank you for reading.Your feedbacks are valuable,DM or comment, it doesn't matter. Give an upvote if you liked it. I will see you friends soon🖤.