My bad break up/betrayal of a lifetime by t2_7juwsi7z

Alright, this is a wild ride so buckle up.

 Me and my ex broke up about 2 years ago. He was Mentally and verbally abusive, he raped me mutiple times, and treated me like a mother and every time I tried to leave hed threaten me with suicide so I was stuck. I did what I had to do to get him to break up with ME so he couldnt threaten me and I could cut him off.

What this story is about tho is the complete betrayal of my "best friend". I had known her for a good 3 years. I met her at work and we were attached to the hip. She had a daughter while she was still a teen and the baby daddy was an abusive lazy piece of crap. I helped her on her feet by staying with me for 3 months. Taking her to eat and bought things for her an her child. Baby sat for free and literally treated her like my sister. Helped her get approved for an apartment and I cleaned for her when it got to be too much and I even gave her money so she could get something for herself every once in a while since all her money went to her baby. 

The main story was when I had a plan to leave my ex. It was going to simple. Wait till the day our lease went up, have my parents grab all my things since stuff was going to be packed anyways, and break it to him. Thats not what happened. My "friend" sent screenshots of what I had done (I was going to confess a few hours before they got there so he could break up with me and i could "leave" without any threatening). 

I was confronted a week before I was supposed to go. Yes he broke up with me but i was stuck there. Being screamed at and threatened with suicide and watching things happen. It was scary and awful. Even after she did that i tried to forgive her because i could only think she was trying to do the right thing by snitching since she was friends wirh him. Fine. 

Well during this week her baby daddy got abusive and had to leave her home due to him threatening her life. I let go of my anger and let her stay with us (my ex was never like how he was with me to how he was with others so i wasnt afraid for her). Well i found out while i was at work that they had kissed and possibly fucked. I was nothing short of LIVID! This girl who i helped and called my best friend put me through hell so she could fuck with my ex! 

Thats why she snitched! Thats why she destroyed my plan! She knew I was trying to leave! I had no where else to go till my parents got there! I was with that man where he could still force himself on me and guilt me into doing things so SHE COULD FUCK HIM! I kicked her out of the apartment and being petty af i took all her clothes and smeared them in my cats shit, broke her makeup, and threw out everything else she left there. I blocked her on anything and the last time I saw her, she was just silent, refusing to make eye contact. She didnt say a word to me. Not a sorry, nothing. There wasnt even a look of remorse.

That shit hurt because I cared for her so much. But I obviously meant nothing to her. She did it all to get close to my ex and be there to "comfort" him when it all went down. She planned it all. I didnt recognize her from when we first met anymore. Was any of it real? I guess we'll never know