"I love you... I love you so much" by UNKNOWN REDDITOR

I am a complete loner. Don't have any friends and don't talk to anyone. Emma on the other hand is good at pretty much everything, she has lots of friends, good at studies and at athletics, she's number one in class. To top it all of she's so fucking pretty. What nobody knows is that our houses aren't that far apart. Although I never went to her house or even talked to her before. 

One day Emma was absent at school. The teacher was handing out worksheets and wanted me of all people to deliver them to Emma. "ugh so annoying" I thought. 
And so, after school I headed to Emma's place. Emma answered the door, I gave her the worksheets and was about to head home. "wait!" Emma said. "come have tea with us". Not that I wanted tea but I accepted the kind offer anyways. 

Emma's parents were on a business trip. It was just me, Emma and her little brother Noah. "hey look at this. It's me and sis" Noah showed a picture of a kiddy drawing. It was cute. I finished tea and was about to head home again. This time Noah stopped me. He said "let's play Mario kart! Sis never plays with me" I stayed for longer and played more video games with him. I gotta admit it was pretty fun. Probably the most fun I've ever had in my life. After a whole lot of video games Noah went to sleep and me and Emma watched some movies

Next day at school, Emma told me to come over again, she said that Noah said he wants the "cool guy" to come over. I said ok because I was having a blast myself. 
I started to go over to their place very often. Noah always seems like he was having a lot of fun. I was too. I even have dinner over their place now. Later Emma started joining our gaming sessions. It was even more fun with the three of us. Emma sucked at video games. 

"you're coming  over today too right?" Emma asked. I answered yes. I headed to their place after school as usual. Doing the the usual thing gaming with them all day. It was raining pretty badly though. It was dinner time, mashed potatoes for dinner. It was my favourite. "thanks Emma" I told her. She smiled the cutest smile. I smiled back. After we were done eating I helped Emma with the dishes as usual. Noah went to sleep. 

After the dishes, we went to Emma's room to watch movies. We were sitting beside her bed. This time it wasn't a very fun movie, but Emma seems to be enjoying it. That made me happy. I had the sudden urge to hold her hand. I went ahead and grasped her hand. Her hand was soft and warm. Emma was surprised but she seemed to like it. She smiled. She leaned against my shoulder. I was really happy. Out of nowhere I put my arms around her shoulders and hugged her. I held her tightly. 

It was warm, it was so warm. "I love you... I love you so much Emma" these words came bursting out of my mouth. I hadn't realised that I'd already fallen in love with her. "I love you too" she said putting her arms around my back. "sleep with me. You can't go home it's raining" she said. I never slept with anyone before but I guess this will be the first time

We hopped into her bed. She pulled the blanket over us. She looked at me and smiled. She asked me if I wanted to cuddle. Without time to answer, she already put her arms around my neck and  got closer to me. I was happy. Really happy. The happiest I've ever been. Tears started rolling down my eyes out of happiness. Emma put her soft lips onto mine and we shared our first kiss. 

PS: there's more ;) 
(the names used aren't our real names)
I'll try to write part 2 when I have the time thanks :) 
Also this happened a few years ago in case you're wondering