I was alone on New Years Eve and met a girl on "omegle" and it was the greatest thing by t2_5b41rolv

3 days ago on 2020 new year night I was home alone (cause I have no friends) and sad so I decided to go on "omegle" and it was like second time ever. So I was there like 8 hours straight and didn't get anything special but at last I met this girl. At the beginning I made a joke about the time cause for her it was like 6 hours till midnight and for me it was 1 after it, so I said that "So that means that I am in the future". She smiled. And it was the most beautiful smile I have ever seen in my life (ours camera was a bit bellow so we didn't see the eyes of each other. And we didn't talk, we were writing). So we were chatting for like a half an hour (which for me felt like few hours). So I said how it is difficult for me now, I did tell her my issues and stuff and she was so supportive. And I said her to never do drugs and make friends cause later you could get friends harder, like me. I'm 26 and she's 17. And I felt so affection not in a sexual way but in a person, like a friend. So we were just chatting about life, I said about lucid dreaming, cause that is my passion, and other stuff. She said things about herself. So at the end I said that she made me very happy and we waved and we ended the conversation. Later I was laying on my bed looking at the ceiling with few tears of happiness. I am not the type of guy who tears everyday, but these type of tears are the first ones in my life. I don't know If god or something like that exist, but that time I thought that something truly exists cause I met a real angel, so pure. And I did not took her "instagram" or "facebook" or anything and I didn't know why. Well we would probably never meet cause we are like on the different sides of earth, but we could be a friends at least, you know. Now I just know that we will never talk again. But I am very grateful that this was how New Year started. I wish you all the best year and years. And I would suggest not to hesitate, when you are meeting another lovely girl or a human being so kind and sweet, just exchange the social networks if you had the connection. These people are like diamonds, immensely rare. By the way I think I was interesting to her too.

If there is a bit of chance that you are reading this, please PM me. (I know it's stupid, but who know's how far it could go) Key words: Lucid dreaming, lapis lazuli necklace and pearl bracelet.

P.S. I am sorry for my mistakes. English is not my mother language

P.P.S. I know that it may look stupid or something but I just wanted to share it. There are always wonderful things happening in life. And I learned from this young lady that we need to accept ourselves for who we are. There are people that are like us and understands us.