My Story by t2_1gxmwx5g

I was born into chaos. One of my earliest memories is watching my dad throw my mom down a flight of stairs, and him proceeding to hit me because I was crying. After my mom left my dad we bounced from place to place; we were practically homeless. My mom eventually met a man who took us in, but he wasn’t perfect either. He was a recovering addict, and had bouts of anger where he’d scream at my mom, my sister, and I. Reflecting on it though, it was a nice change of pace because he never hit us in his fits of rage. We eventually moved to a bigger city, where we lived in a cramped town house. Even then, those are some of the best memories from my childhood. 

I spent a lot of time outside, I made friends, but then I was hit with my first case of ADD. I struggled in school but I was always interested in learning so I didn’t fall behind the curve, but I was constantly distracted and bouncing off the walls. After years went by, my family and I moved into our current house. I slowly started becoming overwhelmed with my deviance, and I found it harder and harder to find the courage to speak. That didn’t bother my parents though, because my sister started to become troubled around this time. The next few years were completely focused on my sister, and when my parents stopped paying attention to me I fell lower and lower into my introversion. 

I still had my friends I made in middle school, but outside them I didn’t talk to anyone. I got really close with this one person by the name of Zack Chiri, and his family more or less assimilated me into there household. When I walked into their home, I was greeted with nothing less than love. All they wanted was for me to be okay, and I really attached myself to his mom. She showed me kindness that I hadn’t felt in a long time, because my own mother was so stressed out from my sister that it was hard for me to confide in her. Some time passed, and my friends mom was diagnosed with cancer. She passed away after a long fight, and it sent me back to where I was. I spent the time being the shoulder for my friend to cry on, but after he started to heal is when I finally broke. 

I’ve had suicidal thoughts since I was 10, and it became too much for me to handle. I planned on killing myself by overdosing on all the pills I was prescribed for anxiety and sleep. I had them in my hands, and then I had them in my mouth. But I couldn’t swallow. My neck tightened up and I spit them out. That was the point all of the good in my life finally hit me. My family needed me, my mom especially because she was already losing her daughter emotionally. She didn’t need to lose her son. My best friend needed me because he lost his mom, and it would be selfish of me to take his best friend away from him. My life from then there on was a blur; I spent most of it stoned and fighting with myself to get off my meds. I eventually overcame those demons with a LOT of self care, and that’s led me here. Reflecting on everything, I can say my own selfishness is my greatest weakness. I’ve always tried to be there for the ones I care about, but no one was there for me so I got to a low place. But with time and patience I learned to be there for my self, and to be my own crutch. I’m the only one that can understand my plights, and I’m too stubborn to truly rely on anyone else. But I’m going to try my best to be the shoulder for people who need it, because I know that’s what a lot of people need. I value life now more than ever, and if I can save one person from suffering through what I’ve suffered... maybe I can save someone from the same chaos I was subjected to. 

Thank you all who actually read this, I’m still in a moderately strange place in my life, but I feel myself improving as a person ever single day. I’m not looking for sympathy, I just can’t recall a time where I’ve actually put this in to words, and I just needed to get this out. Again, thank you. I hope you’ve enjoyed this view into my life, and I hope you can take something away from it as well.