My friend did a death drop and got a concussion by t2_34zb7aen

Hi!

If you're one of those Redditors with the memory of an elephant, then you may know me as the dude who closed the school with my shit. Yeah, I'm that guy. I don't know if it's classed as "The Incident" in my school, but if it didn't get sired with that legendary title, then this definitely did.

My friend (we'll call him Andy) is very flamboyant. He could stroll up to a strip club, start grinding on the pole and just give absolutely ZERO fucks. He may not be amazing at it, but he gets an A*++ for effort in that department.

I'm not even hating on him, it takes balls of solid gold to go to an all lads school (for 4 years, we merge with a girl's school next to us for the last 2 years) and rock as he rolls. Sure, he gets flamed more than the average dude there (because casual homophobia is a mainstay in guy schools, unfortunately), but he shakes it off like a mo'fuggin CHAMP. Have to give him massive props for it.

But today, he went swimming in the sea of gayness and sadly, found himself up dick creek without a dildo.

We had a music practical exam for our Christmas grades, and we performed them in front of our class. Now, nobody really gives a shit about these in Ireland. Sure, if you fail all your subjects then that's not great but if you don't do amazing, nobody really cares. You have a year and a half until it actually matters! Go have a pint or something!

Back to the exam, I was up first (sang Head Games by Foreigner and Lasso ny Phoenix, if people want to see it just let me know) and he was up last.

Went up, played Claire De Lune on the piano, was great, everyone clapped for the overplayed piece.

But nobody, and I mean *nobody*, expected his next song.

He whips out a chair from god knows where, sits so his crotch is facing the curve of the seat, and sings I'm A Slave 4 U by Brittany Spears. In French. We all died laughing (including him).

He managed to summon a little Spears inside his heart, and that angel told him to just not give 0 shits. He WENT (and I mean WENT) for it. Panting, VERY suggestive dance moves, and hit all of the high notes.

When he gets to the second "SlaAaAaAaVe" he stands up, and does a death drop.

For all of you lucky people out there who don't know what a death drop is, I don't really know either, but from what I saw, I think it's a hoe's pratfall (correct me if I'm wrong).

But he took it like a WWE wrestler takes a bump (spread your arms out and fall directly back, going for maximum speed on the descent. Don't ask how I know this). And unlike a WWE wrestler,  he did not have the soft surface of the squared circle to fall back on. He had a cold, hard, classroom floor.

Crash.

Keep in mind, we were all rolling on the floor laughing. So when he goes up and does the grandmother of all death drops, we all lose our shit.

But he doesn't get up.

Eventually, we realize something's wrong.

The music teacher gets him up. He said that he was fine, but the teacher was having none of it.
 
Apparently, he had all the symptoms of a concussion.

Rang A&E, and the teacher goes redder than a squashed tomato trying to explain that he got concussed from doing a death drop. If he hasn't been cast into the annals (or anals) of school history for overall LGBTQness yet for his overall record, then he has now.

Tl;Dr: gay friend does death drop, cracks his skull.