I was hit in the head by my stepdad.. by t2_3vcjmoiw

So, I wanted to tell the story that has happened to me today. So my mother has been dating this guy for over four years (I think).. I am 16 years old and I am 5'8 (you will see why I mention this after) and he is 6'3 or something like that... Anyway let's get to the point. It all started today, I got mad because I saw that the internet was lagging so bad and I thought it was my stepdad who caused it (I still think that) because he mines crypto coins and all that crap.. So, I told my mother about this and she startes yelling on me.... Then my stepdad came out and started saying crap about me that I accused him even though I didn't I just asked.. After he started accusing me and saying that I am a fucking liar and I will not be a developer and I am lying that I know some coding even though I do.. Anyway, after 2 minutes of shit talking I was so mad that I pushed him.. After I pushed him he hold my hand and I didn't really think of it since he could have done that because of self defense. BUT, after 10 minutes, I was in my room chilling doing some coding and I heard him swearing at me and coming to my room. So, I grabbed my phone and decided to record.. He came to my room talking shit and slapped me out of nowhere and then he was holding my shirt and hitting my head until my mother stopped him.. I could have stopped it but I let it happen , because
1) I was holding my phone
2) I didn't wanna have more trouble
So, after this happened I was so fucking mad (I was mad because that was not self defense and he just straight up attacked me after 10 minutes, but if you think it is tell me in the relies) and the worst part is my mother is on his side after all this and wants me to go to my father and never return (basically he wanted to kick me out of the house) I called my dad and told him everything and even showed him the video that I recorded.. He told me that this was not a self defense that he had done to me and he told me to not do something yet (call thr police etc) then we both hang up the phone.. 

So this was the story... please tell me what are your thoughts.. was his attack self defense or no? 

Anyway, Thank you for reading my story and sorry if I had any grammatical mistake, because I am from Greece.