I was a non-thieving addict by t2_8in1r7e4

 

I used to be a heroin addict. The 63 kilogram, paleskinned, boil having kind. One day I awoke from my daily narkotic coma with withdrawals coming on fast. Like, they werent in the mail, the were telling me to get out of bed, pronto. I live in copenhagen. Not the bad part of the city, allthough I'm not sure such a thing even exist here. But not the most schenic part of town either. Anyway, I roll off my couch, grab my cash-card and head out to score. Anyway, its early evening and the streets are dark and fairly empty, so I stagger towards my bank. My calfs are starting to twich and a cold sweat is forming on my back, my junk-clock is ticking and it's ten minuttes past intolarable. I turn a corner, praying for the teller to be free but it isn't.

A tourist is randomly pushing buttons, obviously clueless of it's functions. She mumbles to her self in an american accent, only to repeatedly getting that beep sound you get from tellers and quiz-shows when you've screwed up. She glances at me apologetically, and I attempt to muster a disarming, take your' time, kinda smile. I imagine it couldn't have been the most succesful attempt at that, but I try to seem civil. Its dark, deserted, and the lady seems stressed out. She was a lean, healthy looking American lady with grey hair. I pegged her to be upper-middle class.

She decides to abandon her endeavor, presses a button frantically, and the machine spits her card out. She smiles awkwardly towards me and makes her way down the street. I get my card out and try to make my transaction, when the machine just start to spill out bills. It does it for awhile and these are big bills. I was a junky, but I wasn't a thief, so I leaned against the wall and called the woman.

'Sorry, but alotta money just came out...' was pretty much what I could muster. She half ran back to me and the machine with a very puzzled expression. The teller was stil spitting bills out.

'Oh... you could've been rich' she half stuttered. I shrugged and again tried to muster a smile. She took the considerable wad of money and still half muttering to herself, made her way down the street. I made my business and went downtown to score.

That experiance actually sat with me, and still do. It was the time I kind of made a realization that, maybe I deserved better. Maybe I did not have to chase death.