Little brother's lie lead us to foster care. {True sad story} by t2_57co4jyf

I have a story that I told to many of my friends. And now, this story will be here, on Reddit. This is the story that made me pissed the most in all my miserable life. I'm also sorry for my bad english, I'm French Canadian, but I can also talk english, but I'm still learning it. It happend years ago, in 2013, when my little sister was borned. In my family, we are 4 kids. Me (18), my two brothers, (22&14) and my sister (7). I was pretty happy when I learn that I was about to have a sister. But my little brother, that's a no no. When she was born, my parents take care of her all the time. Me and my older brother knows that we are old enough to take care of ourselfs, even if we sometime fight each other.

My young brother was pretty jealous when my sister got all the attention from my parents. For me, seeing my sister getting attention of the parents was not a huge deal for me. But for him, it was war. A month later, I was in my class, in elementary school, waiting for lunch. 5 minutes before the bell rings, I got called in the principal's office. I was never called there that year, except for that day. So, I slowly walk, as I get in the office, then I was a woman that I NEVER saw before. She work for some child protection services or something but I never knew that till I got older. She said that she wanted to go with me and my brother to the hospital (she worked there). At first, I was nervous because STRANGER DANGER! But the principal said that she knows the woman really well. She was a little old (maybe like 45 years old) but really really nice. She tooked us to the hospital, as we waited almost 2 hours. I was in a room, with my brother. I was feeling concerned about what is going on. When she called me, I walk in her office. I sit and then she asked me something that make me in a huge confusion ;

"Is that true that your father is beating you and your younger brother...?" [Our father NEVER beats us. NEVER.]

I was a little shocked at first, but I replied with ;

"No. But, our mother lighty beat us with a wooden spoon when we were younger because we were acting like devils."

Her mouth dropped, as I though that this is gonna put us in trouble. It does. She then said ;

"I'm sorry, but I have to put you all 3 of you in foster care..."

MY mouth dropped. I said it was a misunderstanding, but she didn’t want to hear anything! And my foster parents was a couple (mostly the woman of the couple) that baby-sitted me when I was a baby. And it was that moment that I knew that I won't see my parents for a long time..... this lasted for 3 to 4 months. The most depressed period of my life ; Being snached from our parents because of my little brother's lie. The first month was the worse, but with the foster mother that I know for years, I was able to pass that depressing moment, but not for a long time... I didn't tell everybody, not even my parents until now, that I tried to commit suicide by hanging(this is not for adding drama in the story. I was just depressed as f**k. I thought that I'll never see my family again). The day of my "supposed death", it was break time. I was in the school yard, as I walk in a small forest. A rope in my hand. After everything was ready, I was finally ready to leave this non-believing world. As I jumped, with the rope around my neck, I land on the ground. I then notice that the rope was too long(also a little too thin, it would break anyway). God want me to suffer more.

After 2/3 weeks in this house, I was told that I'm going to be now with my 2 cousins. I was REBORNED, because I love spending time with thoses girls. And when I moved in there house, they treated me like if I was another part of the family. The problem, is I HATE it when I live in a place that is not my own house, with my OWN parents... I kinda feel alone even if I'm with my uncle and aunt... After 3 months, I was finally back with my parents! My nightmare was finally over... And years later, I learn that was because of my brother who was JEALOUS of my sister and told everybody in the city that our father beat us! I wanted to beat him to half death. But now, he's pretty cool. But I still kinda hate him. Because that experience gave me some mental issues...

Thank you for reading this strange sad story. If you want more information about that experience, comment and I'll replied it with all my honesty.

~~~~~~~~~~
Edit ; Thank you for all the questions and support you gave me... But, I'm already okay and pass to another thing now. So, you don't need to support me, but I'll accept questions!