My adoption was stopped by the man who made my life hell by t2_3cf2yjdz

My name is Alicia. I live in Hell, aka Arizona, and have for as long as I can remember; though I was born in West Virginia. I learned a few years ago that I was supposed to be adopted to family friends in Maryland. 

They had a nursery set up for me, a big family reunion type party planned, all the legal/adoption fees had been paid, everything was all set up. My mother was 18 at the time & felt she couldn't adequately care for me, especially considering her tumultuous relationship with my sperm donor. My older brother ended up not belonging to my sperm donor, but for some reason he was convinced that I was different (sadly I am biologically his). Had my mother not listed him as my father on my birth certificate, I'd have grown up as Erin Marie Thompson in Maryland & probably wouldn't be the fucked up mess that I am today. 

But she did list him & moments after I was born and put into my almost-adoptive-mother's arms, my sperm donor refused to sign the papers, stating that I was his and nobody else would raise me. My almost-adoptive-parents were so devastated they never tried to adopt again and have no children to this day. I grew up living with my sperm donor as he had most of the resources to care for me compared to my mother, but he was negligent and mentally abusive. I looked forward to alternating weekends that I spent with my mother, who was loving and attentive. She died 2 months before my 12th birthday from an accidental morphine overdose. It's kinda funny my sperm donor prevented my adoption and made such a huge deal about keeping me, because he ended up absolutely hating me for no reason. He still treats me like garbage to this day. Nobody understands, especially because when my older brother died of Leukemia, my sperm donor did seem interested in being a parent. I was a "daddy's girl" by all accounts until he met his current wife when I turned 5. That's when the neglect/abuse began, and it never ceased. Everyone thought after losing a child he'd cherish the one he had left. Funny how things work out sometimes. 

I know this probably isn't nearly as interesting to others as it is to me, but I don't know where else I could talk about this.