I could have been a school shooter by t2_4u9pendt

(F21) (!TW!) 

By 14, I had been sexually assaulted multiple times, beat up by my first ever boyfriend, and struggled with anorexia. 

I also experienced daily bullying in my life. 
One person in particular was horrible to me. This girl was rich and popular. She would get others to corner and tease me, the fat unpopular poorer kid. 

The next relationship I had was extremely adult and focused on marriage and children. We were “in love.” But behind closed doors he was threatening me to do sexual acts.

When I turned 15, many events made my mental health worse. First, my biggest bully was killed in a horrific way. To this day I still struggle with that. I felt relieved, and in a way still do that she is no longer alive. My therapist even said “in 5 years you’ll look back and see how much better you are doing in life than her.” 5 years later, and I guess you could say she was right. 

The boyfriend now of one year, who felt like an abusive husband at 15, broke up with me by telling me he was gay and had only pressured me for sex to experiment.

It was a weird time in my life. I was in school, isolated, betrayed, and abused. My brain became so sad. I lost 30 pounds. All colors seemed to be black and white. I felt numb and ready for it all to end. Everything went in slow motion as I shielded myself from the torture of life around me. 

In this time, I became obsessed with death. I watched bestgore videos, picturing just how my bully may have died and the suffer she deserved. And I also thought of shooting my school. 

Now this wasn’t a passive thought. Nor was it a pervasive idea. But as I walked the halls, I soon found I could block out every bit of bullying by pretending to kill them all.

I can still remember that mindset. Because of my sadness, everything already felt in slow motion. But playing slow music and walking down the halls, I transported to a life where I was shooting them all dead. I thought about where and how I’d do it. 

I never went as far as to purchase weapons or act on any violent feeling. But this obsession with death and wanting to murder my peers became overwhelming. At 16, I was labeled an alcoholic by my therapist. I told her I had a plan to die and would do it soon. That I was picturing the splattered heads of my bullies on my wall. 

She said everyone sometimes had those thoughts. 

But I knew I was slipping further and further down a deep and dark depression. But it was no longer the kind of depression that makes you cry. It’s the kind of depression that makes you want to end the lives of those who hurt you. 

Some way, some how, after many years, I was able to change that mindset. Of course, there are days my depression is awful. But it’s no longer homicidal. 

I instead now have taken that rage, and the knowledge of my past, to help others like me. I am currently pursuing a PhD in forensic psychology. I also research and talk to criminals and victims, hearing what interventions could have stopped their pain. 

I believe we all have a chance to be better, but we must be given this chance. I want to give someone that chance I never thought I’d have.