This happened last night. by t2_2hy7yttx

This is about my neighbor. He’s always acted pretty normal. 

Him and my dad have been rly good friends for like 18 yrs and this guy has told my dad a whole bunch of stuff about his family and I’ve heard so much about him. Well today he showed up at our house (only my dad and some of his old friends were there) and just started getting drunk out of his mind. Like extremely drunk and passed out for a bit and woke up and started randomly walking around our house without asking. My dad said, “hey what are you doing” and he just kept saying “I’m alright, I’m alright.” Really creepy but later they just lost track of him so my dad looked everywhere for him and couldn’t find him. He checked outside and saw him sitting alone on the steps near the sidewalk. My dad asked what he’s doing and he said, “I fell,” my dad was like did you hit your head, or your back or someth- AH! He saw a bone sticking out of his ankle, like horror movie stuff, his foot was facing the wrong way with a bone sticking out. They called 9-1-1 and stuff and then my dad went to the guys house to tell the family, he said, “Hi, it’s mike”, and the wife says, who?Turns out that the family of the guy we have lived two houses down from, my dads friend for 18 yrs, comes over multiple times a week, has never heard of any of us. This guy has never mentioned my dad, or any of us to his family. So creepy, but when she finds out the ankle thing, the wife and the daughter don’t even pretend to act surprised, concerned. Do they hate him or what? My dad said he was coming from work and she goes, which work?
WTF which work? Is this guy a spy, how much is he lying about? He has always said that he works at a hotel as the janitorial manager or something. 

TL; DR: Close family friend (neighbor) showed up and got extremely drunk, tripped and broke his leg, and it turns out that his family has never heard of us, and he lied about his job(s).

Edit 1: Not really an update, but everyone on the block is trying to contact him and see if he’s in the hospital but he isn’t responding to any calls or texts.