That time I basically died by t2_16efqx

This is a story I am honestly pretty open about but my memory of it always gets a little weirder about it as time goes on so I'll try to tell it best I can. (Changing everyones names for obvious reasons)
When I was 13 I was with my friend James and we were both on our bikes riding them up the basin to go get our friend Charles to go play some football with us at the park. Now, keep in mind that the hill up the basin is fkn steep, like about a 1 mile incline I think. Once we were done spending that almost half hour walking our bikes up that big ass hill, we eventually got to his house but sadly we were told he was grounded. As we were leaving and about to go down the hill to leave the basin, James just looked at me and said, "Look dude, don't ride your bike down the hill cause I don't want you to hurt yourself." and he then proceeded to ride his bike down the hill no hands. If that's not the biggest 'go fck yourself' to your own face then I don't know what is. So, being the dumbass 13 year old that I was, I started riding my bike down the hill (and also keep in mind that I had a really torn to shit bike, like legit just a $40 from a pawn shop that I only liked cause I thought it was rare cause it was a redline frame that was green but besides that it was basically stripped of parts. I am also not wearing pads or a helmet.). I get about 1/3 down the hill before my handlebars start shaking ridiculously and my heart starts racing and then, out of nowhere, my handlebars just yanked hard to the left and the bike flipped forward and I went face-first into the road. From what I can remember, I was like not even 3 inches from the road and my last though I had in my head was, "Oh shit, this is gonna hurt...". Right before I made impact I just blacked out and all I could see was darkness all around me, but I could see myself, like how you normally can see your legs and your arms n shit, but it was just pure darkness everywhere. I thought I had died, but then I just heard what had sounded like crying for like a half second then I woke up in the hospital. Apparently, my bicycle flipped going almost 45mph into the road and I had completely shattered the entire left side of my skull, I broke six ribs and my left clavicle. Also, on the helicopter ride there I had flatlined twice and they had to pull two emergency landings just to make sure my ass didn't actually die.
So yeah, that's the time I basically died and now ten years later I am 23 and that bicycle accident actually made me develop epilepsy when I was 19 and now I am disabled and can't work or drive cause of how random my seizures are since the triggers are also still unknown which sucks ass after also being on seven different medications now.