We found thousands of dollars worth of silver in my grandpa's garage by t2_ukoho

My dad found a "loaf of bread," he was showing me today. What it really is is a small 2.5oz nugget of 99% silver in a shape that looked like a loaf of bread. 

My grandfather, his father, was an x-ray technician in the 40s and 50s. He was also a tinkerer - which really means was that he was an inventor with no money. He was always out in his garage-made-workshop, making things, even when I was a kid (he died when I was around 12). 

At the hospital he worked at, the solution they used to develop the x-rays had silver in it. When it became unusable, they would dump it down the drain. My grandpa used giant pickle barrels he got from his brother who would make and sell pickles by the ton, and fill them up with that solution. 

He used some process of putting a disk in the barrel with the solution and using electricity and vibrations, the silver would start to accumulate on the disk. The process would take weeks. He'd take the disks out and take a hammer and break off what my dad said looked like black chunks of gunk. 

He had someone a town over that he sold it to. The guy would look in the newspaper at how much silver was that day and buy pounds of it. 

He saved up enough money to buy a brand new Camaro with electric windows and blue velour seats. My dad said it was the coolest car. It had a radio you could use to call people, and on road trips where they took multiple cars, they'd have code names. 


Their Camaro was silver and bought fully in cash with the silver my grandpa sold. He came up with their codename of "Gentum X". Gentum, short for argentum which is Latin for silver, and X short for x-ray. 

The buyer eventually died, so my grandpa ended up storing tons and tons of silver. He upgraded his process at one point because the silver would be too heavy and break the wooden barrels, so he found big metal canisters used for moving oil. 

He stopped altogether when the hospital figured it out and started using the same process and selling the silver to companies themselves. He said it felt like stealing at that point. He only did it when they were throwing it out.