Another story from me being a dealer by t2_7rgl483w

Time for another one of my stories from being a drug dealer. My last two people liked so here is another.  I have terrible grammar, spelling, and all-around terrible writing skills. So it's going to come out more flow of conscience style. 

I wake up and check my cell phones like every other day. ( I turn them off or junkies will wake me up at 4 am for dope, even then they just come over and bang on my windows when I don't answer)  Alright, so I just grabbed 200 12mg hydromorphone pills and a half Oz of heroin.  Anyway, I'm sleeping and I hear bang bang bang on the window. I never get it up but I could hear Melissa ( a customer that at most buys 2 pills )  so I was pissed thinking your banging on my window at 430am for probably half a 12 lol. I open the window she's like I want everything you have. I'm like I have 200 12s and half a zip of heroin. IM like toss me the money first ($3700 total with the money she already owed me from before) through the window ill lock the window count it and then toss your dope out my other window. All the money is there. I'm like wtf how did you get this money? SHe texts back I robbed someone lol.

Anyway, it's all there so I toss her 180 12s and 7 grams of heroin. I had to keep 20 for my best friend who I know ill be sick and need them and the 7grams of heroin was the personal amount I saved for me just in case my dealer gets busted I always saved at least a few weeks worth of dope so if that happened I could taper off and not get so dope sick)

After the deal, I shoot up go back to bed, and wake up at 11 am to catch the bus downtown so I can go to the trap house to see if anyone wanted to match so I could get a better dealer when I grab a load of dope. Well before I even get there someone on the city bus can smell the weed on and asks can I buy some. I said I have pounds at home but only an Oz on me. He buys a half Oz when we get off the bus and a cop driving by happens to see me hand it off to him. I saw the cop from the corner of my eye and just grabbed his cash and ran into the mall. They don't go after the dude they go after me. IM walking through the mall and I see the cops and I pretend to tie my shoes hiding against the sunglass hut. They saw me. All I had was a half oz of weed before it was legal. They were going to take away my scale and weed but got another call and literally gave me back my scale(with heroin residue all over it) and weed.  If that junkie didn't buy all my dope the night before at 430 am I would have got caught with 200 12s and half oz of heroin.  I alwas brought everything to the trap house and sat behind a locked door with a huge friend as a bodyguard who I paid in heroin and opioid pills. 

That junkie who  I usually at most buys $40 worth saved me from a long prison sentence. I never answer the window in the middle of the night and early morning but for some reason I did and it saved my freedom. 

Before they destroyed that trap house I nodded off inside many times but one time specifically someone robbed all my gold off me. My fault for spiking large doses of heroin and hydromorphone in a trap house.