My Whole School Found Out I Cut Myself/School Counselor Story by t2_5hr0fpcu

I was in 6th grade, middle school in the USA. This day, I had a really bad morning. I can't recall what happened but I was very upset. I had been self harming on a daily  basis for a while at this point. I went to school and was immediately called to the office. I sat across from the counselor, who started judging me as soon as I sat down. I was full emo at this point, eyeliner, Band tees, arm warmers swoopy hair. The whole look, I am using this to create an image, not in anyway am I using my appearance to justify the way I was treated. I should not have been treated this way regardless of how I looked. 
I sat there and she just asked "you're mom said you had a bad morning. What's going on?" And for some reason I just lost it. I started crying and talking about how I've been getting bullied and cutting myself. 
The lady looked like she was holding back laughter as I spoke. I felt so made fun of, I felt like a joke as I always did. She let me go back to class. 
At the end of the day, I went back to the office to get on my bus. The bus was taking a while so I went into the office to sit on the couch and wait for it. I walk in and they all look at me, the two lady's at the fron desk and the two students sitting on the couch. One points at me and says "that's the girl that cuts herself" They started laughing at me and the two lady's at the desk just started at me. 
It turns out the counselor was telling the lady's in the office about me, and laughing and making fun of me and the students heard it. It eventually spread across the school. Everyone knew I was cutting myself, I got bullied even more now. 
Following this incident it lead to my first suicide attempt. 

I'm 26 now and to be honest I still struggle with this. I was constantly made fun of as a child. No one listened and no one cared. The child inside me still hurts and wants to be seen and heard. I'm doing the work on that, but I had to share this. I've never talked about it to anyone..

Thank you for reading ❤