I don't know how to explain it... by t2_3k8fgzx8

I remember as a child-I was probably around eleven or twelve at the time-there was a strange presence in the room as I sat at my desk drawing, by myself. I felt the pressure of a hand on my shoulder, and I heard something eerily whisper my name. I left quickly to see if one of my sisters was messing with me, but everyone was downstairs, fixated on the television screen. Ever since the incident, I'm convinced I've been...well, cursed.

In short, I experience premonitions from time to time, even sixteen years after the event took place. I try to ignore them, but every once in a while, this..... I don't even know what the correct term would be for it... It resurfaces. I attempt to stifle these ideas, these predictions that slip into my mind unannounced, because I don't trust myself, I don't know how to decipher between truth, or fear. 

The first noteworthy occurrence was when my family moved to a foreign country after my father accepted a job position with homeland security. I often day dreamt to escape reality, even now, I suppose as a coping mechanism, but this particular...presentiment, if you will, felt too real for comfort.

It was a tunnel, a hazy, dim tunnel. I saw our astrovan in ruin, a man's face, I knew his name. I could smell something unpleasant. The only thing I could compare it to at the time was tar. I snapped back into reality, unsure of what had happened, uncertain if I should inform somebody, and risk looking like a psychopath. 

My family and I at the time were about to head down to the embassy to purchase groceries. It felt like we were falling apart. So much negative energy among my siblings and between my parents, it almost seemed to congest the atmosphere. I was uneasy. There was tension in the van. Fights among siblings, between my parents. Then.....we entered a tunnel....

 I felt instantly sick upon seeing the thick blanket of what I thought was fog. It obscured our vision, and as we slowed down, we struck something. It hit the right hand side of the windshield, was pulled under the right front tire, causing my father to lose control of the vehicle. Time stood still. We only came to a stop after swerving and crashing head on into the side of a parked car hugging the side of the tunnel. 

I had blacked out for a moment. When I came to, it felt unreal. Miraculously, none of my family passed away. My sister's face was covered in blood, but nobody was in critical condition. I couldn't stop looking at the young man's lifeless body. I watched my brother cover his face and torso with an old, white t-shirt. Apparently the man had been driving intoxicated, hitting the sides of the tunnel several times, in turn picking up debri and dust. 

To this day, I still blame myself. 

I could tell you about the strange man that weaved in and out of the road and onto the sidewalk, walking toward my sister and I while we waited outside our house to be picked up for seminary, and the unsettling smile that seemed plastered to his face, the unwavering stare that made the two of us freeze. 

Or the tornado that nearly touched down, but quickly dissipated before it ever did. 

Or the man who was shot at a four-way stop right outside my job. 

Or the random facts I know about certain people before we've even met. 

Is there any way I can use this to my advantage, or turn it off completely? Am I a schizophrenic, yet to be diagnosed? Should I have a spiritual cleansing, or run off into the mountains for several weeks until I've had an awakening? I don't know if I'm crazy, I question it constantly though. There's so much in this world that happens without any sort of explanation. I need some sort of solace, but I don't know where to turn to. Maybe I did something in a past life, and now I'm paying for it. 

Thank you for reading my story, any sort of input will not go unnoticed. I just don't know what I'm doing anymore.