"Boi" Battle with my Crush by t2_61ne7k9i

This is kinda a stupid story but I wanted to share it some where so here ya go!

It was the last Dance of 8th grade.
     As it set Into motion, me and my best friend danced in the corner of the room away from the rest of the students. You know like the social akward kids we were.
It was just us. 
Until another student (G) came up to us. He looked us both in the eye and started doing that Milly rock dance that was popular In 2015. Mind you this is 2019. Anyway he does this for a good second without saying anything to us. He leaves, and me and my Bff are left to be confused about what in the heck just happened.
To Think this was over was foolish on my half, because not even 5mins later he comes back, this time with two of his friends. His friends were (m) and (J). J was my crush at the time. 

So I'm already freaking out internally because ya know that's my Crush now staring me in the eyes while his friend Milly rocks us. So I was like I have to do something I can't just stand here and let this moment go by! So I did the only thing I could do In that moment. I stared G in the eyes and slowly started doing... The macarena.
G notices this and Also started to do the dance.
I get to the part were you flip one hand over when suddenly, my hand gets a quick slap. Like a high five. I turn to see the culprit of this action. Only to see it was J. 

I didn't know what to do, I've never been go at social situations, so how could I handle this weird interaction. I did the first thing that came to mind. I took my hand and boied him. Like that look at this boi thing. This is how it began

The rules were never spoken but they were under stood by both of us. Each time you boied your opponent, you had to do something slightly different, can't do the same thing twice. This battle was interesting to say the least, we didn't know how it started, but I knew I would be the one to end it. I was going strong at first and thought that I could win this. That was until M stepped in. 

It was the coolest bro moment I have seen in a while. Without a word or even eye contact, they released a perfectly synchronized boi on me. I couldn't compete with that. They had won this war and everyone knew it. I smiled, and they walked away. 

It's important to know that throughout this entire interaction not a single word was spoken. It probably looked really strange. Especially to my friend who was forced to just witnessed this.