The time I had diarrhea while camping on a school trip by t2_4cb8b0sa

It was the annual 7th grade trip time. I’d done the same trip in 5 and 6th grades. So here I was with 29 other classmates some of whom I’d only known for a week and 4 teachers.  Apparently the seafood I had the night before I left wasn’t good. The first day went fine until about halfway through the night. At 2am I rummaged around for my flashlight, climbed over my tent mates and then exited the tent. I walk the .4 miles to the outhouse and did my business. Just a lot of poop. It was normal texture though so I didn’t think anything of it. It was just more than usual. I ate breakfast and packed my sandwich for the hike. I think it was 11 am when I realized I had to poop. I was way to embarrassed to tell these teachers in front of all the kids that I needed to poop 2 hours into our 7 hour hike. So I held it. Turns out you can’t hold it forever. At 11:30, right before lunch, I knew I needed to go. I told the teachers I needed to go to the bathroom and they pointed to a tree. It took a lot of courage to explain that I needed to go #2. They passed over a shovel and a little role of toilet paper. I ran and dug my hole. I then preceded to piss out my ass. It used the rest of the role of toilet paper and it didn’t all fit in the ziploc bag so I had to leave some in the hole. I returned and the teachers asked if everything was fine because I took so long. I said yes and then had to answer my friends questions about where I was. I said I dropped my water bottle at our last break spot and went back to find it. I ate lunch and felt a little better before it took a turn for the worst. We started hiking again and I knew it wasn’t over. 30 minutes later and I had to poop again. I couldn’t ask a teacher for the “Shit Kit” because I used all the toilet paper and also it would seem so weird that I asked again. So I just fell to the back of the line and found a rock to sit on and pooped over the edge. More diarrhea than before ugh. I had nothing to wipe with but my underwear so I wiped with it. I ran back up to the group. I had to do this about 4 more times every 30 minutes for the next 2 hours. Then about an hour before we returned to camp it happened. I thought I had to fart but instead it was liquid shit. I fell behind and then took out my spare pair of pants from my backpack and changed behind a tree. The pants and the underwear smelled so bad that I had to ditch them. I put them under a log with a little note that said “I had an accident, sorry for the litter”. I was running back up to my group when this couple asked me if I was ok. When I asked why they said they saw me naked shitting on a log. I explained what was happening and they helped me clean up. I ran back up to my group and somehow they hadn’t noticed I was gone. When we were finally back at camp, I took the longest shit ever and was finally able to clean up. The next day my poop was closed to solid but I felt nauseous all day until I got home. Worst trip ever

Feel free to share your diarrhea stories below or wilderness shit stories