My crush told his friends to bully me by t2_4ppymffu

So, I was 11 years old and I had plenty of crushes when I was a little kid but this was my first serious crush. It started like fun. He was a classmate and a friend. So, we were on a school trip and he was funny as always, I realized I like him a few days after and a week after our first 2 days long school trip I decided to tell my best friends. I told just to the girls because I was afraid to tell to the boys.
We were having fun and I realized he maybe feels the same. So, the summer vacation started and I didn't see him the whole summer. I missed him. When new year at school started, we got really close. We played football together, we were holding each others hand, sharing food, talking all the time. On Halloween I decided to tell him about my feelings. I was sure he will accept me. All my friends thought he will. It was the first time telling someone about my feelings and I was so excited. I couldn't wait to tell everyone I have a boyfriend (remember I was an edgy 11 years old). But reality was different.
It was also the first time being rejected. I did what I had to and he didn't tell me anything. The next day (I can't say I woke up bcs I didn't sleep the whole night; I felt really stressed out and even threw up) I got up from my bed and went to school. He didn't even look at me so my best friend talked to him instead. I was sitting behind a bench in the hallway and heard him saying: "I won't talk to her bcs I love another girl. But don't you dare tell her bcs she's a slut and she doesn't have any right to know."
I was furious but I still loved him so I pretended nothing happened at all, which, my friend, was one of my biggest mistakes.
His friends would call me by names, slut, whore, bitch, skinny whore, ugly, list goes on. They would comment on my body, like: "How you are so skinny in your age? You don't even look like a girl. Girls have boobs but you don't. Maybe your puberty is too slow. Ask your parents to take you to the doctor." 
I felt depressed but I thought it wasn't depression, I thought it was love that I'm feeling. I also thought it's normal to my crush showing me pictures of the girls he likes telling me: "Look, they're done with puberty so what's wrong with you?" 
I thought it was all normal, my fault, I thought I deserve it. I lost my good friends just so I can be in his crew. Then, my old friends just realized something is wrong with me and helped me. I never felt so thankfull in my life. I was where I belong (again) and I didn't feel miserable. You need to recognize real friends and separate yourself from fakes. Abusing is not normal and you should stand up for yourself. And also, if you have to reject someone, don't be such a douche. No one has a right to steal your joy. It's better to make someone happy than to abuse someone. That's all sorry for my HORRIBLE ENGLISH.